Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Wal-Mart to Discount 1 Million Online Items Picked Up in Stores by Matthew Boyle @bizboyle More stories by Matthew Boyle April 12, 2017, 12:01 AM EDT Savings apply to products not available in physical locations Move displays Jet.com’s growing influence amid Amazon battle Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will offer discounts on more than a million online-only items that customers then pick up at stores, part of an effort by the world’s largest retailer to challenge Amazon.com Inc. Taking another page from the Jet.com business it bought last year, Wal-Mart will first cut prices on about 10,000 web-only items such as Britax car seats and Lego toys, according to a statement. The Pickup Discount program, which starts on April 19, will expand to more than a million so-called “long tail” items by the end of June, the company said. “With Pickup Discount, we are beginning to take the ethos behind Jet’s Smart Cart and marrying it with Wal-Mart’s operational efficiency,” Marc Lore, head of Wal-Mart’s e-commerce business, said in the statement, referring to the business model he pioneered at Jet where customers got discounts for agreeing to package items together, or forgo returns. “Quite simply, it costs less for us to ship to stores. So, our customers should share in those savings.” The move is Lore’s latest step to check Amazon’s growing online dominance, and shows how he’s keen to meld Jet’s innovations with Wal-Mart’s 4,700-store network. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart scrapped a free-shipping program that competed with Amazon’s Prime membership and replaced it with free two-day deliveries for orders of at least $35. Amazon will control half of the U.S. e-commerce market by 2021, according to analysts at Needham & Co. They estimate that the online giant currently commands 34 percent, compared with Wal-Mart’s less than 5 percent. Delivery Savings The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up The discounts vary by item and reflect the savings to Wal-Mart for shipping the orders to its stores on one of its more than 6,700 trucks, rather than to a customer’s house. The $148.05 Britax B-Safe 35 infant car seat is reduced by 5 percent to $140.65, while the Lego City Great Vehicles Ferry is discounted 11 percent to $21.44. Other products in the program are Coleman coolers and Vizio televisions. In an interview, Lore called the program a “game-changer” and said the level of discounts could be adjusted going forward. “Part of the reason why we are launching 10,000 products to start and growing it over time is that we want to perfect that discount,” he said. The term “long-tail” refers to the seemingly endless assortment of products that online retailers can offer, compared with the shelf-space constraints that force physical retailers to focus on a more limited assortment of top-selling items. A typical Wal-Mart supercenter offers about 120,000 items, while its website currently has 35 million products available. Wal-Mart’s online sales rose 29 percent last quarter, helping its holiday results top estimates. So-called click-and-collect orders, which are picked up curbside at stores, increased 27 percent in the period. Some curbside pickup customers do enter the store to buy additional items, Lore said, declining to provide specifics. Wal-Mart paid $3.3 billion for Jet in August and quickly put founder Lore and his lieutenants in charge of its online strategy. Lore used to work at Amazon, which acquired an earlier business of his, Quidsi, operator of sites like Diapers.com and Soap.com. Last month, Amazon said it’s shutting Quidsi because it couldn’t make a profit, eliminating more than 260 jobs. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read DeVos Undoes Obama Student Loan Protections United CEO Apologizes Again After First Mea Culpa Falls Flat United Is Under Fire for Dragging a Passenger Off an Overbooked Flight Trump Transition Team Faces Spending Review at Warren's Urging Sorry America, Your Taxes Aren’t High Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments6 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business To get Walmart’s latest online discounts, you still have to visit the store The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Sarah Halzack By Sarah Halzack April 12 at 12:01 AM Follow @sarahhalzack A Walmart store in Burbank, Calif. (Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg) Walmart on Wednesday announced its latest attempt to transform its e-commerce business: It is debuting a “pickup discount,” meaning that it will offer reduced prices on more than 1 million online-only items to shoppers who opt to retrieve their orders at a store instead of having them delivered to their homes. The effort marks the latest test of Walmart’s long-held theory that its vast network of physical stores can be an advantage in the online shopping wars. And it is perhaps the clearest demonstration yet of the influence of its new chief of e-commerce, Marc Lore, who founded the online retailer Jet.com and became Walmart’s online leader when the big-box giant acquired his startup for $3.3 billion. Lore offers this explanation for how the pickup discount works: Typically, the last-mile delivery to a customer’s home is the most expensive part of fulfilling an online order. If Walmart can simply use its own trucks to deliver those boxes to its stores, that strips out much of the cost. Because it has trimmed delivery costs, Lore says, it can pass on those savings to shoppers. For example, a Britax B-SAFE car seat that typically costs $148.05 will cost $140.65 with the pickup discount. A 70-inch 4K television from Vizio that is priced at $1,698 will have a $50 discount. The pickup discount is Lore’s latest experiment to encourage online buyers to shop in ways that are less profit-eating for retailers. At Jet, for example, he has piloted an approach to pricing that encourages shoppers to bundle their orders, rather than firing off multiple orders for single items. When the seller can ship those items all at once, its fulfillment costs are lower, so it can offer lower prices. Jet also offers other ways to knock more pennies off your receipt: Shoppers pay less if they waive the ability to do a free return. They see that they can pay a still lower price if they use a debit card. The Walmart pickup discount appears to be the next iteration of that line of thinking. On April 19, the mega-retailer will begin offering it on about 10,000 items. It will be offered on more than a million items by the end of June. “This is really about giving the customer more choice in ways that are only possible with this unique set of assets,” Lore said in an interview.  Under Lore’s leadership, Walmart has been trying new tactics to flex more muscle in the online arena. In January, it announced that it would offer free two-day shipping on orders over $35 without a membership fee, an offer meant to challenge Amazon’s lucrative Prime program. Prime customers pay $99 a year to receive free two-day shipping on millions of items, but the membership also includes access to video and music streaming, photo storage, and other services. (Jeffrey P. Bezos, the chief executive of Amazon, owns The Washington Post.) And Walmart has shown fresh appetite for acquisitions, scooping up quirky women’s apparel website Modcloth and dropping $51 million on online outdoors retailer Moosejaw. The pickup discount may prove particularly appealing to the value-oriented customers that have long been the bedrock of Walmart’s business. And yet, it might not do much to lure away the millions of shoppers who have flocked to Amazon because of the convenience of having an order show up quickly on their doorsteps. Walmart’s pickup discount launches as the wider retailer industry is investing in making in-store pickup a more attractive and widely available option. Target, Kohl’s, and JCPenney, for example, have each been expanding their programs to more locations. Target is even experimenting with a prototype for a new store  that would have a separate entrance for shoppers picking up grab-and-go orders. Pickup not only allows retailers to save on shipping costs, but by bringing the shopper into the store, it provides a chance to entice them to spend more money. Kohl’s, for example, said last year that for every $100 a customer spends on store pickup, they buy, on average, $25 worth of additional goods when they come to retrieve the order. business business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 6 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news. Follow @sarahhalzack 6 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Analysis Doctors once treated alcoholism with heroin. Now, they want to treat heroin addiction with marijuana. 2 Analysis Want to boycott United? Good luck with that. 3 Why people will keep flying United even if they don’t want to 4 To get Walmart’s latest online discounts, you still have to visit the store 5 Analysis Why the DEA intentionally lets drugs into communities The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Market Watch DJIA -0.03% NASDAQ -0.24% Get quote Last Update: 04/12/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Share Home MOBILE Contact LOGIN LOGOUT ✕ ≡ My first Wal-Mart experience Tom Poland� If you go to Walmart regularly, you�ve probably forgotten that first-time wonder you felt stepping into a store where you could buy most anything. My first Walmart experience came in Georgia when I was just a kid, maybe nine, but there�s a problem with that. Sam Walton opened his first Wal-Mart Discount City store in Rogers, Arkansas, July 2, 1962, and I turned nine in 1958 in Lincolnton, Georgia, so the math and geography don�t add up. While you sort things out, let me tell you about my first Walmart experience. The building was large, and so was the parking area but that was through a child�s eyes. This store offered customers a place to buy all kinds of supplies. You could get new tires on your car. You could fill your car up with gas. You could buy sporting goods such as Zebco reels and fiberglass rods and plastic worms that smelled like licorice. You could buy groceries as well, and you could even get your kids toys. Seems I recall you could buy real guns there. I want to say a Mossberg .410 I got for Christmas came from there. For a while, the store even served as a venue for square dances. During World War II the lady proprietor operated a bowling alley there and served hot dogs and hamburgers. As TV ads say, �But wait, there�s more.� You could get a haircut there. Even back then customers liked making just one stop to meet many needs. This retail center was, indeed, special. I�m talking about the first Walmart-like store I ever saw, Wells Oil Company. Miss Minnie Wells, proprietor, was a visionary. Why go into town? Much of what you needed was right there. Today when I drive past that store, my mind goes back to my youth. I see men pumping gas, a stack of whitewall tires over near a service bay, and the small barbershop where Miss Minnie Wells cut my hair. The outside is busy. Cars and trucks parked everywhere. Men doing things. Inside, Miss Minnie�s store to the right were the grocery store and the small barbershop. To the left was a collection of goods that included baseball gloves, Daisy BB guns, and fishing supplies. I bought my first transistor radio there for $10, an Arvin with a leather cover. (Plastic had not ascended to dominance.) My first BB gun, a Daisy lever-action gun came from there. I bought my only baseball glove there (a first basemen�s mitt), a baseball bat, and baseball there. (Just last weekend I found them while working on my late parent�s estate.) Miss Minnie seemed stern seen through the eyes of a boy. She always dressed as a business lady ... grey suit, black shoes with thick heels, and hair pulled into a bun. When I think of her glasses, I think of John Lennon�s gold wire-rimmed glasses. She was all business, the kind of lady who had no time for anything unrelated to her enterprise. She was practical, living above her business. She was generous too, providing the church I belonged to complimentary heating oil. Wells Oil Company: that was my first Walmart-like experience. Stop one time; take care of many needs. If one of us was sick and needed something on Sunday evening or late at night, Miss Minnie�s husband would open the store for Dad. So, in a way it was a round-the-clock enterprise like Walmart superstores. It�s been years since I stepped inside that old building. Many layers of dust have since drifted over childhood. My Daisy BB gun fired its last BB long ago and is lost in time now. That old Arvin radio? Gone. My first baseman�s mitt? I have it once again, but it�s stiff as an old fellow with a bad case of arthritis. I suppose I could stop by one more time, go inside, and see what memories I might revive, but I won�t. I doubt I ever stop by again. I�d rather see it in my head as it existed. Stores hold a special place in the memories I gathered as a boy. Standing tall among them are an old country store (Icy Cokes bobbing around in a vat), a small grocery store with a pool hall (the first pool table I ever saw), my one and only Five & Dime (smelled of hot dogs), an old pharmacy with marble counters (Cherry Cokes), and my first Walmart-like experience, Wells Oil Company, which came along well before Walmart. www.tompoland.net tompol@earthlink.net Sitemap { powered by bulletlink.com }
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Changes coming to TSP?•White House meets with CIOs•Defense contracting drawdown over? Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Wal-Mart to discount online-only… Wal-Mart to discount online-only items delivered to stores By ANNE D'INOCENZIO and The Associated Press April 12, 2017 12:01 am < a min read Share NEW YORK (AP) — Starting next week, Wal-Mart will offer discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company’s stores for pickup. The move is part of the retailer’s efforts to better compete with online leader Amazon. Wal-Mart will expand the price cuts to more than one million items by the end of June. It is able offer the discounts by delivering the products directly to its 4,700 stores, saving on the cost of shipping to individual shoppers’ homes. Sponsored Content: Why Governance, Risk and Compliance is Everyone’s Business - Download the Executive Brief Today. Advertisement The offer builds on Wal-Mart’s move in late January that replaced a pilot program offering free shipping with an annual fee of $49 with one with a lower free-shipping threshold, faster delivery and no membership fee. Topics: All News Business News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Wal-Mart to discount online-only… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1970: Apollo 13 launched to the moon Fed Photo of the Day Helicopter fills bucket for firefighting Top Stories White House ends hiring freeze, mandates workforce, mission restructuring Top Story First round of email records reporting holds mirror to agencies’ management practices Management Army let go of nearly 700 soldiers in the second half of 2016 to meet requirements Defense News SEC sees transition as opportunity to involve employees in engagement improvements Workforce GSA’s buildings exchange projects need more risk planning, revised reports, funding requirements Facilities/Construction THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Apr 11, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.7353 0.0092 1.73% L 2020 25.1826 0.0181 2.91% L 2030 27.9152 0.0280 4.13% L 2040 29.9860 0.0352 4.73% L 2050 17.1575 0.0222 5.28% G Fund 15.2871 0.0010 0.59% F Fund 17.7193 0.0643 0.93% C Fund 32.6498 -0.0421 6.07% S Fund 42.7674 0.2069 4.57% I Fund 26.3570 0.1016 7.35% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
send search rows 348548 53718 Follow @PJMedia Columnists Newsletters Instapundit Shop News & Politics News & Politics J. Christian Adams Trending Trending Ed Driscoll Election Election Richard Fernandez Homeland Security Homeland Security Stephen Green Parenting Parenting Victor Davis Hanson Faith Faith Bridget Johnson Lifestyle Lifestyle Roger Kimball Video Video Andrew Klavan Michael Ledeen Andrew McCarthy Ron Radosh Claudia Rosett Spengler David Steinberg Michael Walsh Diary of a Mad Voter Roger L. Simon Dr. Helen News & Politics News & Politics J. Christian Adams Trending Trending Ed Driscoll Election Election Richard Fernandez Homeland Security Homeland Security Stephen Green Parenting Parenting Victor Davis Hanson Faith Faith Bridget Johnson Lifestyle Lifestyle Roger Kimball Video Video Andrew Klavan Michael Ledeen Andrew McCarthy Ron Radosh Claudia Rosett Spengler David Steinberg Michael Walsh Diary of a Mad Voter Roger L. Simon Dr. Helen search News & Politics News & Politics J. Christian Adams Trending Trending Ed Driscoll Election Election Richard Fernandez Homeland Security Homeland Security Stephen Green Parenting Parenting Victor Davis Hanson Faith Faith Bridget Johnson Lifestyle Lifestyle Roger Kimball Video Video Andrew Klavan Michael Ledeen Andrew McCarthy Ron Radosh Claudia Rosett Spengler David Steinberg Michael Walsh Diary of a Mad Voter Roger L. Simon Dr. Helen facebook twitter Columnists News & Politics News & Politics J. Christian Adams Trending Trending Ed Driscoll Election Election Richard Fernandez Homeland Security Homeland Security Stephen Green Parenting Parenting Victor Davis Hanson Faith Faith Bridget Johnson Lifestyle Lifestyle Roger Kimball Video Video Andrew Klavan Michael Ledeen Andrew McCarthy Ron Radosh Claudia Rosett Spengler David Steinberg Michael Walsh Diary of a Mad Voter Roger L. Simon Dr. Helen Instapundit Shop About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us FAQs Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy search The Latest. Delivered Daily. Your friends will think you read the whole newspaper font directup font directdown print facebook Share RECALL: Decomposing Bat Found in Walmart 'Fresh Express' Salad twitter Tweet email Email Lifestyle Walmart 'Fresh Express' Salad Recalled After Dead Bat Found in Package By Lauren Spagnoletti 2017-04-10T19:03 chat comments RECALL: Decomposing Bat Found in Walmart 'Fresh Express' Salad Some people eating packaged salad in Florida had the unfortunate experience of finding a dead bat in the container along with their food. Fresh Express, which packaged the food and sold it to Walmart in the southeast, issued a recall on Saturday as a result. The two people who ate the salad with the animal content in it are being evaluated, and the bat itself was sent to a lab for rabies testing. According to the CDC, which is assisting in the investigation of the incident: The bat was sent to the CDC rabies lab for laboratory testing because bats in the United States sometimes have been found to have this disease. The deteriorated condition of the bat did not allow for CDC to definitively rule out whether this bat had rabies. Transmission of rabies by eating a rabid animal is extremely uncommon, and the virus does not survive very long outside of the infected animal. CDC is supporting Florida local and state health officials in evaluating the people who found the bat in the salad. In this circumstance, the risk of rabies transmission is considered to be very low, but because it isn’t zero, the two people who ate salad from the package that contained the bat were recommended to begin post-exposure rabies treatment. Both people report being in good health and neither has any signs of rabies. CDC is not aware of any other reports of bat material found in packaged salads. ABC 11 released this information regarding the recall by Fresh Express: The salads were sold in a clear container with production code G089B19 and a best-if-used-by date of April 14, 2017 located on the front label. The recalled salads were distributed only to Walmart stores located in the Southeastern region of the United States. All remaining packages of salad from the same lot have been removed from all store locations where the salad was sold. Only the salads mentioned in the recall had a chance of being affected, so consumers should not be concerned unless they have eaten food from that potentially contaminated lot. Consumers who may have already purchased the recalled product should discard and not consume it. A full refund is available where purchased or by calling the Fresh Express Consumer Response Center toll-free at (800) 242-5472 during the hours of 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. Eastern Time. https://pjmedia.com/lifestyle/2017/04/10/walmart-fresh-express-salad-recalled-after-dead-bat-found-in-package/ facebook Share RECALL: Decomposing Bat Found in Walmart 'Fresh Express' Salad twitter Tweet email Email Related Products The Western Story Lecture #6: The Genres of Western Learning: Novels, Plays, Poems, Essays and Treatises amazon.com History In The News Lecture #2: The 21st American Century or What Amazon or Facebook Says About America amazon.com Klavan and Whittle: Manly Men and Womanly Women amazon.com Editor's Choice Wes Anderson's Films Ranked From Worst to Best comments Looking for Must-See Films? comments Here's a True Ranking of the Beatles' Albums from Worst to First comments Who knew your inbox could be this informative? Your friends will think you read the whole newspaper Copyright © 2005-2017 PJ Media All Rights Reserved. About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us FAQs Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy  
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report News Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Snap Amazon NASA News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt NYFinal 3 Days To Save $1000 On Disrupt NY Secure Your Early Bird Tickets eCommerce Online coupon site RetailMeNot acquired for $630 million Flipkart raises $1.4 billion from eBay, Microsoft and Tencent at an $11.6 billion valuation Amazon pulls Diapers.com and other Quidsi apps from the app store Browse more... Walmart Blue Apron could deliver an IPO in 2017, but should it? Crunch Report | Walmart Acquires Modcloth Confirmed: Walmart has acquired womenswear site ModCloth Browse more... Walmart to lower prices on a million online-only items if you opt for store pickup over shipping Posted 2 hours ago by Sarah Perez (@sarahintampa) 0 SHARES Next Story Crunch Report | RetailMeNot Acquired for $630 Million Walmart.com is preparing to launch a new feature called “Pickup Discount” that will lower the prices on, soon, up to one million online-only items if the customer chooses to pick up their order at a local store instead of opting for shipping. The feature is said to be inspired by the Smart Cart technology developed by Jet.com, the e-commerce startup Walmart acquired for $3 billion last year. Jet.com’s Smart Cart system offers a variety of ways shoppers can save on their purchases. In some cases, it highlights items that can ship together for less, through an integrated understanding of the underlying logistics relating to where items are warehoused and proximity to the customer. Jet may also incentivize customers to waive their right to return or use a particular payment method to bring the prices down. At the root of the system is the idea that Jet could understand where the costs are in e-commerce, be transparent about those costs with consumers, then pass the savings along at checkout when the customer takes advantage of the Smart Cart system. That same spirit of transparency is Walmart’s goal with its Pickup Discount option, which starts on April 19 across Walmart.com. Initially, the feature will be available on around 10,000 online-only items — meaning those that aren’t sold in stores, but that have to be shipped to either a store or a customer directly. By the end of June 2017, Walmart says the discount will reach more than 1 million of the site’s most popular items, excluding those sold by its third-party marketplace. In some cases, the discount will be only a few dollars, but for larger items it could be even more. For example, the Britax B-SAFE 35 Infant Car Seat, Slate Strie, which is $148.05 online, will have an additional Pickup Discount of $7.40 ($140.65 is the new price). But for the VIZIO SmartCast M-Series 70″ Class 4K Ultra HDTV (M70-D3), which costs $1,698, the Pickup Discount is $50, bringing it to $1648. The discount will be highlighted on the product’s detail page, when available. Pickup Discount is meant to leverage Walmart’s existing delivery network, which includes a fleet of more than 6,700 trucks delivering products from its 4,700 fulfillment centers. Simply put, it costs Walmart less to ship to its stores than to its customers. However, Walmart says that it’s not lowering prices in an effort to boost its own bottom line. Whatever it saves, it’s giving back to the customer, is the claim. “It’s really meant to be neutral with respect to the financials of Walmart, with all the benefit being passed on to the customer,” notes Walmart’s e-commerce head Marc Lore, previously founder of Jet.com. “Our view is that we don’t  want this to be necessarily a more profitable channel than e-commerce. The idea is that there’s a certain profitability in the e-comm channel, and to the extent that we could save money relative to that, we’d share that with customers — that’s how we’re thinking about it,” he notes. That said, the launch of the new discount option could help Walmart bring online prices down even further, which ultimately aids in its battle with Amazon. If its top-selling items can be bought for less than elsewhere, that could help to increase sales. On the customer’s side, pickup is not as difficult as it would be with other e-commerce retailers — there is a Walmart store within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population. Today, customers have to go inside the Walmart store to pick up their items, but Walmart has been developing a curbside pickup option for grocery orders. Its Online Grocery Pickup service is now in 600 stores, with 500 more coming this year. It wouldn’t be surprising to see Walmart offer curbside for some of the smaller online sales in the future, given that most of the kinks have already been worked out — ranging from staffing to alerts to even the parking spaces needed to serve the pickup customers. In the near term, though, Walmart has been testing a “Pickup Tower,” which it likens to a vending machine for online orders. Inside a giant, in-store tower are tons of packages that customers retrieve using their order number. The retailer says the test of Pickup Tower has been successful, so it’s rolling it out to additional locations in the months ahead. (Walmart declined to share how many, but there is one in Rogers, Arkansas to start.) Following the launch of Pickup Discount, Lore says other Jet.com-inspired savings features will also make their way over to Walmart.com, but declined to offer specifics. “It’s going to come in pieces over time,” Lore says, speaking as to how Smart Cart will make its way to Walmart.com. “It’s not all going to happen at once — just elements and pieces of it that are going to hit,” he adds, saying more features are expected to arrive in “the next few months.” Pickup Discount is going live in all stores — more than 4,000 total locations — in the contiguous U.S. later this month. Image credits: Walmart; Walmart.com; Field Agent via Business Insider Featured Image: Walmart 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Walmart Founded 1962 Overview Walmart is a multinational retail corporation that operates several chains of discount department and warehouse stores. The company’s segments include Walmart U.S., Walmart International, and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment is a mass merchandiser of consumer products operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands as well as walmart.com. It also offers digital services such as Vudu and InstaWatch. … Location Bentonville, AR Categories E-Commerce, Retail Technology, Retail Website http://www.walmart.com Full profile for Walmart Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report RetailMeNot Acquired for $630 Million | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Walmart eCommerce Popular Posts Featured Stories Avegent debuts its light field enabled mixed reality headset VIDEO | 3:24 | Gadgets Uber head of comms Rachel Whetstone is leaving the company 8 hours ago | Megan Rose Dickey An inside look at Bessemer Venture Partners’ investment process for Twilio 9 hours ago | Ethan Kurzweil Lyft raises $600M at $7.5B valuation 11 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Why do airlines overbook their flights? 12 hours ago | Haje Jan Kamps Latest From TechCrunch Qwilr, which turns boring business documents into attractive websites, raises $1.5M 35 minutes ago | Jon Russell First Circle raises $1.3M for its SME lending service in the Philippines 1 hour ago | Jon Russell Zen Rooms raises $4.1M to expand its budget hotel network in Southeast Asia 2 hours ago | Jon Russell Crunch Report | RetailMeNot Acquired for $630 Million 3 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze Comment moderation powered by Up Next Crunch Report | RetailMeNot Acquired for $630 Million Posted 3 hours ago CrunchBoard Job Listings Back End Integration Engineer at Two Bit Circus (Los Angeles, CA, United States) Software Engineer, Web Applications (mobile gaming) at Nexon M (Emeryville, CA, United States) Technical Instructor, JavaScript, React.Js at CodePath (San Francisco, CA, United States) Senior Data Engineer @ The Meet Group at The Meet Group (San Francisco, CA, United States) Site Reliability Engineer @ Sift Science at Sift Science (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip Activations Blog International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report News All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Qwilr, which turns boring business documents into attractive websites, raises $1.5M 35 minutes ago by Jon Russell First Circle raises $1.3M for its SME lending service in the Philippines 1 hour ago by Jon Russell Zen Rooms raises $4.1M to expand its budget hotel network in Southeast Asia 2 hours ago by Jon Russell Walmart to lower prices on a million online-only items if you opt for store pickup over shipping 2 hours ago by Sarah Perez Crunch Report | RetailMeNot Acquired for $630 Million 3 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze Galaxy S8 won’t launch with Samsung’s Bixby voice assistant 6 hours ago by Lucas Matney Index leads $5M Series A in Beamery’s ‘CRM for recruitment’ 6 hours ago by Natasha Lomas How Free Code Camp has attracted 1 million students and harnessed coding education for nonprofits 6 hours ago by Ruben Harris Renault ZOE writes On the Road fanfic, becomes first AI hipster 8 hours ago by Kristen Hall-Geisler Uber head of comms Rachel Whetstone is leaving the company 8 hours ago by Megan Rose Dickey
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive Apple Valley man with handgun arrested inside Wal-Mart Tuesday Apr 11, 2017 at 5:13 PM Staff Reports VICTORVILLE — Deputies arrested a 23-year-old man who was seen with a loaded handgun inside a Wal-Mart on Tuesday, authorities said. Matthew James Butler, 23, of Apple Valley, was arrested at the Wal-Mart on Palmdale Road and Highway 395. San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department officials said Butler, a convicted felon and alleged gang member, was found with a gun inside the store. Victorville Sheriff’s Station deputies responded after receiving a report of a man with a gun in his pocket at 1:51 p.m. The caller said the man, later identified as Butler, was in line at the customer service desk and the gun could be seen in his back pocket, authorities said. Deputies arrived and contacted Butler as he stood in line, where he was arrested on suspicion of carrying a concealed weapon as an active member of a criminal street gang and being a felon in possession of a firearm, according to booking records. Butler remains in custody at the High Desert Detention Center in lieu of $50,000 bail. Booking records show he’s expected to appear in court at 12:30 p.m. Wednesday. The investigation is ongoing, and anyone with information is asked to contact the Victorville Sheriff’s Station at 760-241-2911. Persons wishing to remain anonymous can contact the We-Tip Hotline at 1-800-782-7463 or online at www.wetip.com. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Bullibone Pet Products Featured in Walmart’s 2017 National Pet Day Campaign Bullibone Logo “Walmart is an incredible partner to our small-town business,” states Lee Willingham, Founder of Bullibone. “Being featured in Walmart’s National Pet Day campaign and sharing our story is a dream come true.” Opdyke, IL (PRWEB) April 11, 2017 Proudly made in the USA heartland, IL-based Bullibone Pet Products is honored to be selected by Walmart as the featured pet product manufacturer in Walmart’s National Pet Day 2017 campaign, launching April 11, 2017. “Walmart is an incredible partner to our small-town business,” states Lee Willingham, Founder of Bullibone. “When our team found out we would be featured in Walmart’s National Pet Day campaign, it was a dream come true. We are proud to share our story of how hard work, a passion for pets, and an unwavering commitment to USA manufacturing to create an affordable, fun and effective product like Bullibone can become a reality.” Bullibone proudly uses materials, packaging and labor 100% in the USA, a meaningful commitment to pet lovers and retail partners like Walmart alike. Designed to help clean a dog’s teeth, satisfy a dog’s need for chewing and promote fresh breath, Bullibone nylon chews offer a flavor dogs love and are quickly becoming one of the top selling pet products to maintain healthier gums and improved dental hygiene. There are 2 videos in the new campaign: For more information, please visit: http://www.bullibone.com. About Bullibone Pet Products Based in Opdyke, IL, Bullibone Pet Products is a socially responsible small business that produces quality long-lasting nylon dog chews. Bullibone’s primary initiative is to create products that promote good hygiene, good mental and physical health and an overall better quality of life for pets. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Commission invites discussion on related party transactions Next PostNext Courageous Leadership and Advancing the CISO Role to Deliver Innovation and Grow the Business will Drive the Discussion at HMG Strategy’s 2017 New York CISO Executive Leadership Summit Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Bullibone Pet Products Featured in Walmart’s 2017 National Pet Day Campaign Bullibone Logo “Walmart is an incredible partner to our small-town business,” states Lee Willingham, Founder of Bullibone. “Being featured in Walmart’s National Pet Day campaign and sharing our story is a dream come true.” Opdyke, IL (PRWEB) April 11, 2017 Proudly made in the USA heartland, IL-based Bullibone Pet Products is honored to be selected by Walmart as the featured pet product manufacturer in Walmart’s National Pet Day 2017 campaign, launching April 11, 2017. “Walmart is an incredible partner to our small-town business,” states Lee Willingham, Founder of Bullibone. “When our team found out we would be featured in Walmart’s National Pet Day campaign, it was a dream come true. We are proud to share our story of how hard work, a passion for pets, and an unwavering commitment to USA manufacturing to create an affordable, fun and effective product like Bullibone can become a reality.” Bullibone proudly uses materials, packaging and labor 100% in the USA, a meaningful commitment to pet lovers and retail partners like Walmart alike. Designed to help clean a dog’s teeth, satisfy a dog’s need for chewing and promote fresh breath, Bullibone nylon chews offer a flavor dogs love and are quickly becoming one of the top selling pet products to maintain healthier gums and improved dental hygiene. There are 2 videos in the new campaign: For more information, please visit: http://www.bullibone.com. About Bullibone Pet Products Based in Opdyke, IL, Bullibone Pet Products is a socially responsible small business that produces quality long-lasting nylon dog chews. Bullibone’s primary initiative is to create products that promote good hygiene, good mental and physical health and an overall better quality of life for pets. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Commission invites discussion on related party transactions Next PostNext Courageous Leadership and Advancing the CISO Role to Deliver Innovation and Grow the Business will Drive the Discussion at HMG Strategy’s 2017 New York CISO Executive Leadership Summit Search Recent Posts Global CRM Outsourcing Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Pengrowth Announces Closing of $92 Million Bernadet Montney Asset Sale European-Inspired AC Hotel Miami Aventura To Open in Mid-May Soundwall Debuts Solstice: Switchable Art Speaker From Which You Can Stream Music ICLR releases final report into why some Fort McMurray homes survived in otherwise destroyed neighbourhoods Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Bullibone Pet Products Featured in Walmart’s 2017 National Pet Day Campaign Bullibone Pet Products Featured in Walmart’s 2017 National Pet Day Campaign Posted on April 11, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Honored to be part of Walmart's campaign, Bullibone shares the story of how hard work, a passion for pets, and an unwavering commitment to small town USA manufacturing to create an affordable, fun and effective product like Bullibone can become a reality. Opdyke, IL (PRWEB) April 11, 2017 Proudly made in the USA heartland, IL-based Bullibone Pet Products is honored to be selected by Walmart as the featured pet product manufacturer in Walmart’s National Pet Day 2017 campaign, launching April 11, 2017. “Walmart is an incredible partner to our small-town business,” states Lee Willingham, Founder of Bullibone. “When our team found out we would be featured in Walmart’s National Pet Day campaign, it was a dream come true. We are proud to share our story of how hard work, a passion for pets, and an unwavering commitment to USA manufacturing to create an affordable, fun and effective product like Bullibone can become a reality.” Bullibone proudly uses materials, packaging and labor 100% in the USA, a meaningful commitment to pet lovers and retail partners like Walmart alike. Designed to help clean a dog’s teeth, satisfy a dog’s need for chewing and promote fresh breath, Bullibone nylon chews offer a flavor dogs love and are quickly becoming one of the top selling pet products to maintain healthier gums and improved dental hygiene. There are 2 videos in the new campaign: Walmart Video 1: A Treat Tough Enough for Every Dog | Bullibone’s Story Walmart Video 2: How This American Innovator Created the Perfect Bone For more information, please visit: http://www.bullibone.com. About Bullibone Pet Products Based in Opdyke, IL, Bullibone Pet Products is a socially responsible small business that produces quality long-lasting nylon dog chews. Bullibone’s primary initiative is to create products that promote good hygiene, good mental and physical health and an overall better quality of life for pets. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017-bullibone-walmart/04-national-pet-day/prweb14236003.htm Latest News More Convenient Selfie Stick Invented by InventHelp Client (OCC-1191) Bullibone Pet Products Featured in Walmart’s 2017 National Pet Day Campaign 14 Greenberg Traurig Texas Attorneys Named to Super Lawyer’s 2017 ‘Texas Rising Stars’ List InventHelp Inventor Designs Reliable Leg/Foot Support for Walker Users (OCC-1188) Invisible Modular Fence System Invented by InventHelp Client (NPL-123) InventHelp Invention Improves Visibility of Restaurant Menus (NPL-108) Portable Wire-Free Rear View Vision System for the Rowing Industry Goshen Family Chiropractic Celebrates One-Year In Business Automotive Qatar Launches on iOS for iPhone and iPad, with Support for iPhone 4 and Higher Project Lifesaver Shines a Light in Support of Autism Awareness Month © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Wal-Mart Cuts Several Hundred Jobs ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Wal-Mart Cuts Several Hundred Jobs By Sarah Nassauer Published April 11, 2017 Retail Dow Jones Newswires Facebook Twitter Comments Print A shopper pushes a cart in front of a Wal-Mart store in Mexico City March 24, 2015. (Reuters) Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is cutting hundreds of corporate jobs this month, following similar layoffs earlier this year, as the retail giant looks for ways to save as it spends billions to improve its e-commerce operations and existing stores.  Continue Reading Below The cuts fell broadly Tuesday and over the past few days on the international side of Wal-Mart's business, as well as its technology group and at its warehouse chain Sam's Club, according to people familiar with the matter.  Wal-Mart's chief executive Doug McMillon has told analysts that the company's efforts to compete with Amazon.com Inc. would mean a renewed commitment to low-cost operations, including some layoffs.  The move adds to a string of job cuts and layoffs over the last year. Earlier this year Wal-Mart cut about 1,200 corporate jobs, including 200 in its e-commerce department.  Since early 2016, Wal-Mart has cut more than 18,000 U.S. jobs through closing stores, trimming staffing at some store locations and cutting jobs at its headquarters.  In a statement, Wal-Mart said "we will continue to find ways to operate more efficiently and effectively, true to our cost-conscious heritage. In order to achieve this, from time to time you'll see the company eliminate positions in an effort to stay lean and fast."  What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Girls Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Golf Boys Tennis Boys Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Television Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Whitehall Wal-Mart to open mid-May after year of construction Print Email Justine McGuire | justine_mcguire@mlive.com By Justine McGuire | justine_mcguire@mlive.com The Muskegon Chronicle Follow on Twitter on April 11, 2017 at 3:01 PM comments WHITEHALL, MI - After nearly a year of construction, the Whitehall Wal-Mart is expected to open in mid-May.  Signs are up, and landscaping is in at the store on the corner of U.S. 31 and Holton Whitehall Road. The parking lot was half full on Tuesday, April 11. Most associates began work this month to prepare the store for its grand opening.  The company began hiring 200 store associates in February at a temporary hub at 3297 Colby St., suite F, in Whitehall.  Whitehall Wal-Mart accepting applications for 200 positions At 122,000-square-feet, the Whitehall supercenter is smaller than most, which average 182,000-square feet. The larger supercenters employ about 300 people.   Construction began on May 25, 2016. It signaled the end of a long, pre-construction legal battle between the Bentonville, Ark.-based company and a local group calling itself BOW NOT -- Back Off Wal-Mart, Not Our Town.   Construction of controversial Wal-Mart in Whitehall Township underway  BOW NOT and those who filed the lawsuit -- not all of them close neighbors of the proposed development -- claimed the township's approval of Wal-Mart in August 2013 injured them in several ways.   "Overall, we need to look at this as an opportunity for both Montague and Whitehall and the surrounding area," said Amy VanLoon, White Lake Chamber of Commerce executive director, in a previous statement. "This is a community that has such great potential and by working together, and adjusting to change, we can all help build a strong, vibrant and resilient community."  "Within our downtowns and surrounding area, our hope is that businesses will remain stable and that they approach this as an opportunity to thrive," she continued. "We continue to urge our locals and visitors to support these local businesses. Our downtowns are quaint and walkable and offer something unique."  With Wal-Mart coming, chamber director urges business community to 'move forward'  The store will offer a full line of fresh produce, general merchandise including health and beauty items, baby and pet supplies, toys and games, electronics, sporting goods, apparel and household items.    A full-service pharmacy with drive-thru, vision center, money center, digital photo-processing center and Wal-Mart pickup will also be at the location.    Wal-Mart has more than 33,000 employees in Michigan, according to the release. During 2016, the company promoted 5,800 associates in the state, and 3,185 were converted from part-time to full-time.    Michigan's Best We start in the U.P. in search of Michigan's Best Sub Sandwich Poll winners and finalists More Michigan's Best » Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Subscribe on YouTube Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
News Mugshots Obituaries Trade or Sell Events Church Community How To Add Events Add Event Community Weather Property Transactions Marriage Licenses Local Salaries Community Links WTSB Listen WTSB Streaming Audio Program Schedule 1090 AM 105.5 FM Radio Coverage Map Carl’s Book WMPM Contact Us Search 62.3 F Smithfield, NC Wednesday, April 12, 2017 Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. JoCo Report News Mugshots Obituaries Trade or Sell Events Church Community How To Add Events Add Event Community Weather Property Transactions Marriage Licenses Local Salaries Community Links WTSB Listen WTSB Streaming Audio Program Schedule 1090 AM 105.5 FM Radio Coverage Map Carl’s Book WMPM Contact Us Home News Mother Arrested For Child Abuse, Shoplifting 141 Items News Mother Arrested For Child Abuse, Shoplifting 141 Items April 11, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet A 32 year-old Kenly woman is facing several charges following her arrest for allegedly shoplifting 141 items from Wal-Mart in Smithfield. Around 9:50am Sunday, Smithfield Police were called to Wal-Mart after a loss prevention officer reportedly stopped Martha Kay Radford of Bay Valley Road for allegedly trying to leave without paying for merchandise. Police Chief R.K. Powell said Radford was observed by store employees shopping for several hours inside the store before attempting to leave.  Police recovered the 141 items valued at $936.75 and returned them to Wal-Mart. Officers also located three children, ages 11 to 13, that had been left unattended in her car for several hours. Chief Powell said a small amount of suspected methamphetamine was also located and seized. Radford was charged with larceny, possession of methamphetamines and three counts of child abuse.  She was transported to the Johnston County Jail where bail was set at $15,000. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleDrivers Killed In Head On Collision Next articleCounty Modifies Incentives Grant To Caterpillar Editor JoCoReport.com RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR News I-40 Reopens Following Fatal Crash News Former Town Manager Shot During Standoff With Police News Man Arrested For 12th Time At Church Follow Us Most Popular This Week Police: Unconscious Man Had Inhaled Toxic Vapors April 8, 2017 Daughtry Elected To UNC Board Of Governors April 9, 2017 County Manager: Property Tax Rate Will Not Change In 2017 April 10, 2017 Recent Posts I-40 Reopens Following Fatal Crash Former Town Manager Shot During Standoff With Police Man Arrested For 12th Time At Church Man Indicted For Murdering Father ABOUT USJoCoReport.com provides you with the latest in local news from Johnston and surrounding counties. Check back daily to get the latest news for your area. Contact us: Info@JoCoReport.com FOLLOW US © 2017 Lamm Media Group MORE STORIES 0 I-40 Reopens Following Fatal Crash April 11, 2017 1 Former Town Manager Shot During Standoff With Police April 11, 2017
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / Crime / UPDATED: Police Identify Suspects in Retail Theft Investigation UPDATED: Police Identify Suspects in Retail Theft Investigation Posted on Tuesday, April 11, 2017 by Gant Team in Crime, Local News, Top Stories (Provided photo) Updated: CLEARFIELD – Both suspects in the Wal-Mart retail theft investigation have been identified, according to Lawrence Township police. Police received numerous telephone calls with the suspects’ identifies. “We would like to thank the public for its assistance,” police said. ____ CLEARFIELD – Lawrence Township police have initiated an investigation into a retail theft incident at the Wal-Mart Supercenter in Clearfield. The incident occurred at approximately 8:46 p.m. March 30 and allegedly involved a Caucasian male and female. Police described the male actor as wearing a dark brown Carhartt jacket, blue jeans, a blue or black hat and glasses. Police described the female actor as wearing a dark fleece or zip-up, blue jeans and black boots. Police said both actors were with two young children and left in a maroon or burgundy GMC pick-up. Anyone with information is asked to please contact the Lawrence Township police at 814-765-1647/48. GANT Police Blotter Clearfield County Center Obtains Associate Membership to National Children’s Alliance Tagged Clearfield Lawrence Township Police retail theft Wal-Mart Wal-Mart Supercenter Related Posts Retirees Group Helping to Keep Kids Warm This Holiday Season Attempted Arson in Falls Creek Under Investigation Fall Retreat Planned for Oct. 12 by Women’s Health Task Force Ag Secretary, PGC Director Urge Hunters to Help Feed the Hungry, Share the Harvest Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Advanced Microgrid Solutions to Design, Install and Operate 40 MWh of Advanced Energy Storage Systems at Select U.S. Walmart Stores BENTONVILLE, Ark. and SAN FRANCISCO, April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Advanced Microgrid Solutions („AMS”) announced today they would work with Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. to deploy AMS’s Hybrid Electric Building® technology in select Walmart stores in the U.S.  Under the agreement, AMS will design, install and operate advanced energy storage systems at Walmart stores that will improve efficiency, guarantee energy savings, and provide fast, flexible grid support to local utilities, all at no upfront cost to Walmart. In the first phase of the project, AMS will install 40 megawatt hours („MWh”) of advanced energy storage systems at 27 Walmart stores in Southern California.  These energy storage systems will allow the retail giant to reduce costs by permanently reducing each store’s peak electricity demand while providing dispatchable grid support to Southern California Edison („SCE”).  (PRNewsfoto/Advanced Microgrid Solutions)… „Cost efficiency is the hallmark of the Walmart brand,” said Mark Vanderhelm, vice president, Energy for Walmart.  „Adding energy storage capabilities to our clean energy resources reduces the capacity needed from the grid and is part of our commitment to increase reliance on renewable energy.” A global leader in clean energy and efficiency, Walmart has an ambitious goal to power 50 percent of their operations with renewable energy sources by 2025 and has already installed onsite generation, including solar PV, at 350 of its stores.  Hybrid Electric Buildings® automatically and efficiently optimize a building’s overall energy usage, controlling energy consumption and lowering costs, while generating revenues from utilities for grid services.  Southern California Edison, one of the largest grid operators in the U.S., will be able to tap into these advanced energy storage systems to reduce demand on the grid as part of SCE’s groundbreaking grid modernization project. „When it comes to sustainable and efficient energy management, Walmart sets the global standard,” said Susan Kennedy, CEO of AMS. „Walmart continues to demonstrate its visionary leadership by delivering high quality and low costs for its customers.” About Advanced Microgrid Solutions | Advanced Microgrid Solutions (AMS) is pioneering the use of advanced energy storage systems for energy management and utility services. AMS designs, finances, installs and manages advanced energy management solutions for commercial, industrial and government building owners. AMS’s energy storage portfolio management software provides continuously optimized resource management, cost reduction and revenue generation for large-scale energy users and utilities.  To learn more, visit www.advmicrogrid.com and follow us on twitter: @advmicrogrid.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/advanced-microgrid-solutions-to-design-install-and-operate-40-mwh-of-advanced-energy-storage-systems-at-select-us-walmart-stores-300437754.html SOURCE Advanced Microgrid Solutions Related Links http://www.advmicrogrid.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsLicensing Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Allied Esports e Esports Arena fazem parceria com a MGM Resorts International para implementar uma arena carro-chefe na „Strip” de Las Vegas Next PostNext Leisure Boat Market Global Industry Analysis, Size, Outlook, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts to 2017 – 2021: MarketReportsOnline Search Recent Posts China Heat Treatment Furnace Market Strategies, Applications, Trends, Drivers, and Competitive Landscape 2022 Wallpaper Market: Expected Major Development to be Observed across the Globe by 2022 Stable Isotopes Market: Expected Major Development to be Observed across the Globe by 2022 Marsden Fund to develop investment plan Global Stabilized Chlorine Dioxide Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Wal-Mart's Sam's Club Has a New Way to Drive Sales The chain has introduced a modern variant on something it has long done in its stores. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Apr 11, 2017 at 9:59AM Wal-Mart's (NYSE:WMT) Sam's Club has generally followed the same path as its closest competitor, Costco (NASDAQ: COST), when it comes to e-commerce. Both chains have websites, but neither has focused on using its site to drive sales until fairly recently. That has been reflected in the slow e-commerce growth Sam's Club has delivered compared to many pure-digital and even traditional retailers. The warehouse club saw its e-commerce sales rise roughly 0.8% in its fiscal Q4 2017, the same tiny growth it showed in the same quarter last year. Those small increases are reflective of the fact that Sam's Club, like Costco, has always sought to drive members to its stores to shop. The chain has done that by offering a low-cost food court, an ever-changing array of merchandise, product sampling, and, of course, low prices. In recent quarters however, especially over the holiday season, Sam's has followed Wal-Mart's lead and used its website to drive in-store traffic through offering a "buy online, pickup in-store" option while also making sure that doing that, and using the store for returns of online purchases, worked smoothly. Now, with the holiday season in the rearview mirror, Sam's Club has been trying a tactic that has worked for both pure-digital and brick-and-mortar retailers to push sales higher. The company has been offering a free collection of sample-size products on its website to any customer who placed an order in April. Sam's Club has traditionally offered samples in its stores. Image source: Wal-Mart.  What was Sam's Club doing? The warehouse club is using a model that online retailers like Birchbox have had success with. That pure-digital company sells $10 monthly subscriptions for which customers get sent five sample-size beauty products each month. The goal is to get people to use the items, like them, and purchase full-size products. That's a concept that physical retailers have used in-store, where small samples are often placed in your bag, and online, where digital customers actually get to pick which products they want to try. The Sam's Club offer, which was sold out as of April 10, used the same marketing tactic. Any member of the warehouse club who placed an order on its website received a "Tastes & Sips Sampler" full of snacks and drinks, along with an Easter-themed tote bag. It's not a revolutionary idea, but it's a simple way for Sam's Club to put products into its consumers' hands in order to get them to try them. In many ways it's a digital variant of what the warehouse clubs do in their stores, handing out free samples of everything from entrees to snacks and beverages in an effort to get customers to try, like, and buy the sampled product. This is a smart idea By offering the free sample bags (which were also available for purchase for $14.53) Sam's Club has taken a concept familiar to its members and brought it into a digital age. Some consumers, much like they do in the stores, will simply be happy to get something for nothing and won't ever purchase any of the sampled items. Others, however, may find a new favorite. That could lead them back into a Sam's store or to samsclub.com to get more. This is not a revolutionary idea. Instead, it's a smart use of a website that will have multiple benefits for the chain. If the store continues this each month, it should drive digital traffic as consumers rush to buy something to get each month's offering before it has all been claimed. And giving away free stuff should please the recipients. Lastly, the samples themselves should drive sales for at least some of the products in the bags. That could produce an in-store or online sales volume increase, and it can also help the company make decisions about which of the included products to continue to stock as well as which ones would benefit from in-store sampling. Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info Apr 11, 2017 at 9:59AM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $73.43 up $0.37 (0.51%) Read More Wal-Mart Tried to Take on Amazon Prime and Failed Can Wal-Mart Compete With Amazon and Make Money? The Next Stock Warren Buffett May Sell 3 Lessons From Warren Buffett's Decision to Dump Wal-Mart Wal-Mart Has a Unique Way to Cut Down on Shoplifting Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Wal-Mart's Sam's Club Has a New Way to Drive Sales @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Cities of Service Significantly Expands Disaster Preparedness Program in Cities Across U.S. NEW YORK, April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — Cities of Service is proud to announce the launch of its new Impact Volunteering grant program, Prepared Together. Made possible with generous support from the Walmart Foundation, selected cities will engage citizen volunteers in initiatives that better prepare the city for natural or man-made disasters. Each of the selected cities will receive a $25,000 grant, high-touch consulting services, programmatic support, and two AmeriCorps VISTA members (with the exception of San Leandro) for a one-year program aimed at better preparing cities for disasters. „With support from the Walmart Foundation, Cities of Service is expanding disaster preparedness programming to launch Prepared Together, which will strengthen relationships between citizens and local government while helping cities prepare for, prevent, and handle future disasters,” said Cities of Service Executive Director Myung J. Lee. „The Walmart Foundation is proud to support Cities of Service – their model not only builds disaster resilience by unlocking human capital, but also increases community cohesion through citizen and government collaboration,” said Walmart Giving Senior Director Kabir Kumar. Cities of Service selected the following seven cities to carry out preparedness initiatives: Daly City, CA, will expand the city’s green infrastructure to prevent flooding. Oakland, CA, will tap residents to design and implement neighborhood-level projects to better prepare for disasters. San Leandro, CA, will engage trained citizen volunteers to lead and mobilize other citizens to perform flood-control projects in neighborhoods, including clearing storm drains, hazardous debris, and more.  San José, CA, will preserve and create green infrastructure to help prevent storm damage. Hoboken, NJ, will install and maintain green infrastructure to minimize stormwater flooding. Jersey City, NJ, will alleviate flooding challenges by preserving and expanding green infrastructure. Newark, NJ, will address flooding and extreme heat by increasing the number of cool roofs, trees, and rain barrels throughout the city. „This grant will make Hoboken a more sustainable and resilient community by providing green jobs training for low-income residents and high school students, while helping us expand and maintain our green infrastructure,” said Hoboken Mayor Dawn Zimmer. „With this support from Cities of Service, we look forward to further building upon our Resilient Oakland strategy to increase access to opportunity for all Oaklanders and build more vibrant infrastructure to support our thriving future,” said Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf. „Through this generous grant and our new #BeautifySJ campaign, we’ll engage even more residents in creating a greener, cleaner, and more resilient community,” said San José Mayor Sam Liccardo. About Cities of Service A national nonprofit organization, Cities of Service helps mayors and city leaders tap the knowledge, creativity, and service of citizens to solve public problems and create vibrant cities. Started in 2009 by New York City Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, the Cities of Service coalition is now comprised of over 225 cities in the US and UK, representing nearly 55 million people in 45 states, and more than 10 million people in the UK. About Philanthropy at Walmart Walmart Foundation’s mission is to create opportunities so people can live better. We consider it our responsibility to make a positive impact in the communities we serve. Whether it’s through the grants we provide to the thousands of organizations that share our mission or through the inspiring volunteer efforts of Walmart associates, we are passionate about helping people live better. One community at a time. The Walmart Foundation meets the needs of the under-served by directing charitable giving toward our core areas of focus: Opportunity, Sustainability, and Community.  To learn more about Walmart’s giving, visit giving.walmart.com/foundation. Contact Hayley Kallenberg Communications Director Hayley@citiesofservice.org 646.324.8390 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cities-of-service-significantly-expands-disaster-preparedness-program-in-cities-across-us-300437199.html SOURCE Cities of Service Related Links http://www.citiesofservice.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsCorporate Social Responsibility, Not For Profit, Public Safety Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New England Patriots Owner Robert Kraft, Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan and Deloitte CEO Cathy Engelbert to headline the second Bloomberg Breakaway Summit Next PostNext Dynasil Corporation Announces Launch of E-Commerce Platform Search Recent Posts Kobre & Kim Expands Multijurisdictional Insolvency Disputes Capabilities With Senior London Hire Firefly Credit Union to Host Community Blood Drive Increasing Incidence Rate of Skin Disorders Drives the Global Tissue Engineered Skin Substitutes Market Global Multi-parameter Patient Monitoring Equipment Market is Expanding at a CAGR of 4.4% from 2015 to 2023 High Prevalence of Infectious Diseases Drives the Global Antibacterial Drugs Market Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu ONE NATION UNDER WALMART Ninety-five percent of US consumers made at least one trip to Walmart last year Written by Neha Thirani Bagri April 11, 2017 The all American big box store. (Reuters/Rick Wilking) Share Written by Neha Thirani Bagri April 11, 2017 There’s nothing quite as American as Walmart. The world’s largest retailer employs about 1.5 million Americans, or about 1% of the total private-sector workforce in the US; it is the biggest private sector employer in 19 states. The close-to-$500 billion in annual revenue it makes means that Walmart sells more than Apple, Amazon and Microsoft combined. And new research shows just how much it touches the lives of all Americans. NPD Group, a market research organization, which tracks millions of online and in-store receipts, says that 95% of all US consumers shopped at a Walmart store in 2016. By comparison, Amazon reached less than half of all US consumers last year—at 42%. McDonald’s and Target each reached over 80% of all US consumers last year. NPD says that Chick-fil-A was the biggest gainer from restaurants in the top 25, with a 5 percentage-point increase to 47% in 2016. Dollar Tree was the biggest gainer in retailers, up 3 percentage points to 71%. Most Popular Nearly every way the United incident could have ended differently—in one flowchart Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Apr 11, 2017-Tuesday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion ipl 2017 sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Trump to meet US business leaders on infrastructure, tax reform business Updated: Apr 11, 2017 16:33 IST Reuters Washington (Reuters photo) U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with about 20 chief executives on Tuesday as he works to gain support for a $1 trillion infrastructure program, tax reform and other administration priorities, said White House spokesman Sean Spicer. Trump will meet with the heads of General Motors Co, International Business Machines Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc, a government official briefed on the matter said. Trump has pledged to unlock $1 trillion in private and public infrastructure investments to fix bridges, improve the electrical grid and broadband internet, modernize airports and potentially rebuild hospitals for veterans. Nearly three months after his inauguration, Trump will again seek the advice and funds of the private sector for his “national rebuilding” program. Trump also wants to streamline the income tax system, cut federal regulations, reduce corporate income tax and add new taxes to prod companies to keep or move production to the United States. He has held numerous sessions with CEOs since taking office. The chief executives are part of Trump’s “Strategy and Policy Forum” that was created in December and last met with the president on Feb. 3. The business leaders from a variety of sectors will also meet in small groups with Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao, Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos and White House budget director Mick Mulvaney, Spicer said. Participants in Ross’ meeting include Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon and Indra Nooyi, chief executive officer of PepsiCo Inc . Pruitt’s meeting will include GM CEO Mary Barra and Paul Atkins, CEO of Patomak Global Partners LLC and a Republican former SEC commissioner. Chao’s meeting will include Tesla Inc CEO Elon Musk. BlackRock CEO Larry Fink, who heads the world’s largest investment management firm, in a letter to shareholders Monday backed calls for private investment to rebuild U.S. infrastructure. The Trump administration plans to unveil as soon as May the $1 trillion infrastructure plan over 10 years. “Fixing crumbling roads and bridges is not enough. We need to be focused on reshaping our world, not just repairing it,” Fink wrote. Last week, Trump pitched infrastructure projects to about 50 New York area CEOs. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn told executives that privatizing air traffic control, which the administration proposed in its budget outline in March, could be a big boost. Other chief executives taking part Tuesday include consultant EY, Boston Consulting Group, the Cleveland Clinic and Global Infrastructure Partners, an infrastructure investment fund. tags Donald Trump United States stimulus infrastructure tax more from business Fed’s Yellen aims to let ‘healthy’ US economy coast along Apr 11, 2017 16:26 IST Mahindra Holidays buys 3.22% in HCR for $2.29 mn Apr 11, 2017 16:24 IST Worth a Thousand Words- Make Your Smartphone Photography Smarter Promotional Feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Health & fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Psychiatrists called in as Kerala man admits killing kin to ‘detach soul from body’ Apr 11, 2017 16:22 IST Opposition leaders face heat in corruption & other cases Apr 11, 2017 15:57 IST Bhim Singh to move Pakistan apex court for Kulbhushan Jadhav Apr 11, 2017 15:54 IST Panchayat polls in Jammu, Ladakh and north Kashmir can be held from May 15: CEO Apr 11, 2017 15:44 IST Women damage liquor shops, throw bottles into drain  Apr 11, 2017 14:55 IST Muslim personal law board to discuss Ayodhya dispute, triple talaq Apr 11, 2017 14:51 IST Govt refuses to share details of CBI chief Alok Verma’s appointment Apr 11, 2017 14:44 IST Maldivian model’s father accuses Kashmiri best friend of murdering her in college hostel Apr 11, 2017 16:31 IST Myanmar reiterates no ethnic cleansing of Rohingya Muslims, investigations cont... Apr 11, 2017 14:22 IST Syrian government still has chemical weapons capacity, says Turkey minister Apr 11, 2017 14:16 IST Five dead as militants attack Philippine tourist island Apr 11, 2017 14:11 IST Trump moves to quell White House infighting between son-in-law and chief strate... Apr 11, 2017 12:48 IST Tajikistan, Uzbekistan resume regular flights after 25 years Apr 11, 2017 12:37 IST Ontario’s ‘genocide’ motion on anti-Sikh riots may be a desperate bid for votes Apr 11, 2017 12:28 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi 5 stories from Mumbai you shouldn’t miss Apr 11, 2017 16:27 IST Untimely snowfall halts survey of Kailash Mansarovar route Apr 11, 2017 16:22 IST By denotifying highways, Uttarakhand saved only 35 liquors vends, ₹150 crore Apr 11, 2017 16:18 IST CBI begins inquiry against AAP minister Satyendar Jain for ‘money laundering’ Apr 11, 2017 16:28 IST Day 2 of Mumbai visit: Capt meets industry bigwigs, discuss investment opportun... Apr 11, 2017 16:01 IST Discover Delhi: Venice in Lajpat Nagar, with bathua risotto and hand-rolled pas... Apr 11, 2017 15:44 IST Gurgaon CyberHub pubs may escape SC highway liquor ban as officials measure distance... Apr 11, 2017 15:42 IST ED seeks non-bailable warrant against Zakir Naik Apr 11, 2017 15:07 IST Giving wings to children’s imagination, this drone pilot aims for sky Apr 11, 2017 15:00 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors Time to focus on women’s access to sanitation, hygiene Apr 11, 2017 16:21 IST Rajnath Singh must ensure swift and certain punishment for hate crimes Apr 11, 2017 16:08 IST Fixing portions of food served in hotels is not the government’s job Apr 11, 2017 15:47 IST India-Australia relations: Education as the tipping point Apr 11, 2017 14:08 IST India-Bangladesh ties have moved beyond Teesta Apr 11, 2017 13:17 IST cricket football tennis other sports ht gifa Live- Rising Pune Supergiant vs Delhi Daredevils, IPL 2017, T20, live cricket score Apr 11, 2017 16:28 IST Virat Kohli set to make return for Royal Challengers Bangalore in IPL 2017 Apr 11, 2017 16:22 IST Atletico Madrid cautious ahead of UEFA Champions League tie against Leicester C... Apr 11, 2017 16:14 IST Davis Cup playoffs: India to play away tie in Canada Apr 11, 2017 15:56 IST Mumbai Indians players, staff bust a move in new IPL music video Apr 11, 2017 15:57 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid TV actor Gaurav Khanna follows Akshay Kumar’s footsteps to stay healthy Apr 11, 2017 16:35 IST Rasika Dugal connects with elders in the family to prepare for role of Manto’s ... Apr 11, 2017 16:32 IST Begum Jaan: Will this be the hit Vidya Balan is looking for? Apr 11, 2017 16:29 IST Sonali Bendre’s car stolen from Mumbai found in Barmer Apr 11, 2017 16:29 IST Sukhwinder Singh : Social media is a great platform for budding musicians Apr 11, 2017 15:14 IST sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch Can you be denied boarding on a confirmed ticket? Know your rights as a passenger Apr 11, 2017 16:21 IST Want old age to treat you kindly? Acquire life skills for good health Apr 11, 2017 14:00 IST Today, celebrate Delhi’s street play culture Apr 11, 2017 13:41 IST Want to end a relationship? Here’s how you can survive a break-up Apr 11, 2017 12:45 IST A pinch of salt in your coffee is actually good. Here’s why Apr 11, 2017 12:02 IST Trump to meet US business leaders on infrastructure, tax reform Apr 11, 2017 16:33 IST Fed’s Yellen aims to let ‘healthy’ US economy coast along Apr 11, 2017 16:26 IST Mahindra Holidays buys 3.22% in HCR for $2.29 mn Apr 11, 2017 16:24 IST Uber to restart Taiwan operations after two-month pause Apr 11, 2017 16:16 IST Gold gains as geopolitical worries spur safe-haven bids Apr 11, 2017 16:13 IST Nissan India launches third anniversary editions of Datsun Go, Go+ models Apr 11, 2017 15:52 IST Indian TV commercial showing adored transgender mother goes viral Apr 11, 2017 15:18 IST Will you buy the Samsung Galaxy S8 post the Note 7 fiasco? Apr 11, 2017 15:48 IST Will the Google Pixel 2, just like Samsung Galaxy S8, come with Snapdragon 835 ... Apr 11, 2017 14:41 IST iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus RED open for pre-orders in India starting at Rs 70,000 Apr 11, 2017 13:38 IST Qualcomm lambasts Apple for breaching company deals Apr 11, 2017 12:04 IST LeEco abandons $2 billion Vizio deal, citing ‘Chinese policy factor’ Apr 11, 2017 11:49 IST Make your TVs smart with new set top boxes from Videocon D2H, Tata Sky, Jio Apr 11, 2017 12:16 IST Five apps that can make your life easier, fashionable and healthier Apr 10, 2017 19:12 IST School fees : Survey shows up to 20% hike this year; parents seek correction Apr 11, 2017 16:24 IST WBJEE 2017: Admit cards released, download them here Apr 10, 2017 16:25 IST Engineering colleges flouting student-faculty ratio to face action: AICTE Apr 10, 2017 12:29 IST Delhi University’s School of Opening Learning to start 10 new courses Apr 08, 2017 09:40 IST Mumbai college moves court against university, saying it protects absentees Apr 08, 2017 00:43 IST Rural games shine in Rajasthan Apr 10, 2017 08:37 IST Srinagar bypoll: Violence mars election as protesters, security forces... Apr 09, 2017 17:30 IST Tension grips Odisha’s Bhadrak after communal violence Apr 08, 2017 21:41 IST Play it again, Peter: Mumbai’s one-man band who plays 13 musical... Apr 08, 2017 21:17 IST World Health Day: 6 common issues afflicting India Apr 07, 2017 19:30 IST Protest erupts over Kulbhushan Jadhav’s death sentence Apr 11, 2017 14:00 IST Jatayu Dasta: Dehradun’s anti-romeo squad Apr 11, 2017 13:46 IST Mowgli girl gets a new home Apr 11, 2017 12:25 IST Comedy of errors: When two PMs were asked to “step down” Apr 08, 2017 17:04 IST Comedy of errors: When two PMs were asked to “step down” Apr 08, 2017 16:55 IST ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Wednesday, April 12, 2017, 2 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Wal-Mart ranks first in penetration index This article was published April 11, 2017 at 4:30 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Ninety-five percent of Americans spent money at Wal-Mart in 2016, according to the Checkout Penetration Index compiled by The NPD Group Inc. The percentage placed Wal-Mart at the top of the index of retailers and restaurants. The company was followed by McDonald's (89 percent), Target (84 percent), Walgreens (77 percent), Dollar Tree (71 percent) and Subway (70 percent). Sam's Club, the warehouse division of Wal-Mart Stores Inc., was 22nd on the list with 39 percent. The Checkout Penetration Index is based on millions of receipts from consumers across retailers and restaurants. It counts both online and in-store receipts. "Consumers' spending on experiences is overlapping with their purchases of products, making every item and visit so important to competing in today's rapidly changing marketplace," Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst of The NPD Group, said in a statement. -- Robbie Neiswanger Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Footnote: Payless succumbs to reality Miami (Ohio) transfer PG hosts Mike Anderson WALLY HALL: Garcia wins Masters, wins over th... Riverdance revolution: More than two decades ... Wal-Mart ranks first in penetration index Dillard's gains 3.9% as index adds 1.92 Florida county proposes tax to cover Trump vi... Israel shuts gate to Egypt's Sinai Alabama governor pleads guilty, resigns Comments on: Wal-Mart ranks first in penetration index To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented JOHN BRUMMETT: Sometimes they're right (35 comments) United CEO issues new apology after passenger dragged off plane (10 comments) Sean Spicer apologizes for 'insensitive' reference to Holocaust (15 comments) Payout disclosed for Arkansas-Georgia Southern game (3 comments) PHILIP MARTIN: Helping no one, diminishing all (14 comments) Education options (26 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Issued By Wedbush Norges Bank Takes Position in J & J Snack Foods Corp (JJSF) Norges Bank Takes Position in Barracuda Networks Inc (CUDA) Sowell Financial Services LLC Invests $759,000 in QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Willis Investment Counsel Buys 27,900 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Shares Bought by Appaloosa LP AE Wealth Management LLC Purchases New Stake in Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) I.G. Investment Management LTD. Has $110.816 Million Position in Bank of America Corp (BAC) Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Acquires 480 Shares of Synaptics, Incorporated (SYNA) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2.988 Million in Altria Group Inc (MO) Incyte Co. (INCY) Receives Market Perform Rating from Raymond James Financial, Inc. DelMar Pharmaceuticals Inc (DMPI) Given “Buy” Rating at Maxim Group International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Shares Sold by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Lebenthal Asset Management LLC Lowers Stake in International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Lebenthal Asset Management LLC Purchases 1,026 Shares of AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Has $214,000 Stake in Harsco Co. (HSC) Shepherd Financial Partners LLC Invests $1.569 Million in Home Depot Inc (HD) Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Stake Increased by Horizon Kinetics LLC E. W. Scripps Co (SSP) Given Buy Rating at Benchmark Co. Under Armour Inc (UAA) Earns Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Willis Investment Counsel Buys 27,900 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Willis Investment Counsel raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) by 17.8% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 184,622 shares of the retailer’s stock after buying an additional 27,900 shares during the period. Willis Investment Counsel’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $12,761,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in WMT. Advantage Investment Management LLC acquired a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth about $906,000. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 791.2% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 461,792 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $31,917,000 after buying an additional 409,974 shares during the last quarter. IFM Investors Pty Ltd acquired a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth about $1,380,000. LeJeune Puetz Investment Counsel LLC acquired a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth about $663,000. Finally, Archford Capital Strategies LLC raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 3.8% in the fourth quarter. Archford Capital Strategies LLC now owns 35,659 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $2,464,000 after buying an additional 1,309 shares during the last quarter. 29.69% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 73.06 on Tuesday. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 1-year low of $62.72 and a 1-year high of $75.19. The company’s 50 day moving average is $70.82 and its 200-day moving average is $69.75. The stock has a market capitalization of $221.59 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.68 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. The company earned $129.75 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $130.22 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The firm’s revenue was up .8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $1.49 EPS. Equities analysts anticipate that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be issued a $0.51 dividend. This represents a $2.04 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.79%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, December 6th. Wal-Mart Stores’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 43.48%. WARNING: This report was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/willis-investment-counsel-buys-27900-shares-of-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. Several research analysts have recently weighed in on WMT shares. BMO Capital Markets reissued an “underperform” rating and set a $63.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Friday. Telsey Advisory Group raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and boosted their price target for the company from $73.00 to $82.00 in a research report on Friday. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and set a $86.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Friday. Vetr raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.31 price target on the stock in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have issued a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $75.33. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,667,343 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.99, for a total value of $264,012,022.57. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at approximately $756,408,072.73. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,000,000 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.50, for a total value of $211,500,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $740,752,453.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 15,585,041 shares of company stock valued at $1,110,035,611 in the last 90 days. 51.55% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Trump to Meet U.S. Business Leaders on Infrastructure, Tax Reform ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Trump to Meet U.S. Business Leaders on Infrastructure, Tax Reform Published April 11, 2017 Industries Reuters Facebook Twitter Print (Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.) U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with about 20 chief executives on Tuesday as he works to gain support for a $1 trillion infrastructure program, tax reform and other administration priorities, said White House spokesman Sean Spicer. Continue Reading Below Trump will meet with the heads of General Motors, International Business Machines  and Wal-Mart Stores, a government official briefed on the matter said. Trump has pledged to unlock $1 trillion in private and public infrastructure investments to fix bridges, improve the electrical grid and broadband internet, modernize airports and potentially rebuild hospitals for veterans. Nearly three months after his inauguration, Trump will again seek the advice and funds of the private sector for his "national rebuilding" program. Trump also wants to streamline the income tax system, cut federal regulations, reduce corporate income tax and add new taxes to prod companies to keep or move production to the United States. He has held numerous sessions with CEOs since taking office. The chief executives are part of Trump's "Strategy and Policy Forum" that was created in December and last met with the president on Feb. 3. The business leaders from a variety of sectors will also meet in small groups with Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao, Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos and White House budget director Mick Mulvaney, Spicer said. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Participants in Ross' meeting include Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon and Indra Nooyi, chief executive officer of PepsiCo. Pruitt's meeting will include GM CEO Mary Barra and Paul Atkins, CEO of Patomak Global Partners and a Republican former SEC commissioner. Chao's meeting will include Tesla CEO Elon Musk. BlackRock CEO Larry Fink, who heads the world's largest investment management firm, in a letter to shareholders Monday backed calls for private investment to rebuild U.S. infrastructure. The Trump administration plans to unveil as soon as May the $1 trillion infrastructure plan over 10 years. "Fixing crumbling roads and bridges is not enough. We need to be focused on reshaping our world, not just repairing it," Fink wrote. Last week, Trump pitched infrastructure projects to about 50 New York area CEOs. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn told executives that privatizing air traffic control, which the administration proposed in its budget outline in March, could be a big boost. Other chief executives taking part Tuesday include consultant EY, Boston Consulting Group, the Cleveland Clinic and Global Infrastructure Partners, an infrastructure investment fund.   (Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Andrew Hay and Lisa Shumaker) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Wednesday, April 12, 2017 Latest PDF issue  |  Give to the Voice  |  Search Home News Sports More Etcetera Advertising Classifieds Contact Home News Sports Viewpoints Etcetera Advertising Classifieds Contact Twitter Facebook As some big stores close, UWRF professors urge looking for opportunities By Zach Bares Falcon News Service April 10, 2017 Several large retail stores around the region have closed in recent years or are undergoing major restructuring because of shifting consumer needs. Business and marketing departments at UW-River Falls are aware of the changing landscape and are teaching adaptation. There are a few reasons for the recent spike in store closings, according to Michael Fronmueller, chair of the UWRF business and economics department. The first reason is it’s the time of what Fronmueller calls the wheel of retailing. Small, independent retail stores turn into larger ones and then some people decide that’s not for them anymore. “People say this is getting impersonal. I’m not getting the service that I want or I’m not getting the specific personalized attention that I want,” Fronmueller said. Consumers are looking for one of two things. They either want cheaper prices or they want a satisfying experience. Fronmueller used the company Wal-Mart as an example. “They have found their price niche,” Fronmueller explained. Most people don’t expect to find a ton of customer service when they enter a Wal-Mart, he said, but they always expect low prices and in that area, Wal-Mart has succeeded. UWRF professor Ozcan Kilic specializes in management and marketing, and he agreed that purchasing habits have changed. “There are so many different ways for companies to reach customers now,” Kilic said. Companies now have to really define their target market and figure out the best way to attract those customers. Kilic said that younger generations have become much more likely to purchase products online, so companies have adapted. “Nike now allows people to try on sneakers online through one of their mobile apps,” Kilic said. UWRF offers a direct marketing course, and Kilic said he thinks it gives a good base for what companies do. “The main purpose of direct marketing is to create an immediate response. There are five venues,” Kilic said. The five different venues for contacting consumers are mail, catalog, email, telemarketing and online marketing. However, companies can only employ these strategies after figuring out their target market. Target markets are identified by analyzing demographics, where the industry sits in terms of demand and people ready to purchase, and industry competition. Fronmueller said that understanding customer needs should be the first priority of any company. Market research also is important. “It’s about balancing creativity and watching what others are doing to be successful,” Fronmueller said. Even though it may seem as though the opportunities are decreasing, it’s actually an exciting time to be going into business, he said. “Individuals based on their particular interest can be very successful,” Fronmueller said. Students, or anyone, going into business must understand that customer needs are always changing and they need to be ready to adapt. The same trends that can be seen in the United States are happening globally as well. “People in South Korea have become so busy that they can order their groceries on their phone and when they get home from work, it’s there waiting for them on their front step,” Kilic said. Kilic, whose home country is Turkey, said that he’s amazed at the similarities when he travels back and forth between the countries. The opportunities are endless, he said, but people just have to find them. Tweet Comments Note: Commenting closes 14 days after the original post. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Advertise in the Student Voice. Special rates for on-campus departments and student organizations! Click for more information. Place a free classified in the Student Voice. UW-River Falls students, faculty and staff may place free online classified ads! Click for more information. Tweets by @uwrfvoice Most popular this week George Orwell novel ‘1984’ still relevant in 2015 Lord Huron’s ‘Strange Trails’ is an unforgettable indie folk album This year’s Finals Fest looks to top past years Women’s lacrosse at UW-River Falls may become varsity sport UWRF Student Senate passes resolution opposing ‘opt-out’ option for paying allocable segregated fees Spring break benefits students In midst of boycott, UWRF hockey players reject chance to play in world championships Ask Colleen: The flirty male friend Job emails promising $300 usually too good to be true Easter eggs represent Christian metaphor Index Advertising Awards Classifieds Contact us Etcetera News PDF archive RSS Sports Viewpoints © 2005-2017 Student Voice The Student Voice is the student-run newspaper of the University of Wisconsin-River Falls. It is published weekly during fall and spring semesters. Contact us at info@uwrfvoice.com or Student Voice, University of Wisconsin-River Falls, 410 S. Third St., 304 North Hall, River Falls, WI 54022. Recent comments Cheryl and Pat Sibley (grand parent's ) on UWRF senior caps women’s ice hockey season with best player award: It was a great 4 years, we love watching Dani and her team mates they are a great group of… Holly Hanson on UWRF officials question governor’s proposal to track faculty time: Hi! Would it be possible for us (uwrf students) to write a letter to the Governor, supporting our professors? They… Michelle Faye Landham (Sorensen) on Athlete of the Week: Colton Sorensen: Congratulations Colton! I'm so proud of you. Keep up the good work. Joe Paul on Student involvement in campus newspapers has its benefits, should be seen as a priority: Nice Job Melanie! They should hire people like you for the student voice! Around the area WRFW Campus radio station broadcasting from North Hall. River Falls Journal Weekly community newspaper published by RiverTown Newspaper Group. Metro traffic Road and traffic conditions reported by the Minnesota Department of Transportation. UW-River Falls Official site of the University of Wisconsin-River Falls. Prologue UWRF's student literary and arts publication, distributed during spring semester. Download PDF Download the latest Student Voice (PDF, 1.2 MB). Archive »
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports My Success Story CNBC Upstart 25 CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities SXSW Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Cramer looks 'outside the mall' for these 2 retail leaders Elizabeth Gurdus | @elizabethgurdus Monday, 10 Apr 2017 | 6:24 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Cramer looks at 2 retail leaders    Monday, 10 Apr 2017 | 7:34 PM ET | 03:37 Retail is a bad business to be in with the rise of e-commerce giant Amazon, but Jim Cramer still has faith in some household names that could end up winners of the brick-and-mortar game. Despite last week's retail bounce, mall-based retailers have been struggling the most. Macy's and JC Penney each have plans to shutter over 100 stores and gave weak 2017 guidance. Nordstrom's revenues missed expectations. Same-store sales are declining across the board. "If you want to find any real retail winners, you need to look outside the box and outside the mall," the "Mad Money" host said. First, Cramer turned to Kohl's, a discount retailer with more locations in strip malls and outlet centers than traditional malls. Watch the full segment here: show chapters Cramer looks 'outside the mall' for these 2 retail leaders    Monday, 10 Apr 2017 | 6:42 PM ET | 09:14 While its same-store sales have slumped and 2017 guidance is subpar, like the rest of the category, Cramer said the department store chain has a geographic advantage. "The fact that Kohl's isn't dependent on the mall — instead, the stores are generally located in the kind of retail hubs that can still generate traffic — that's a giant positive," he said. Cramer added that the company started a $2 billion share-buyback program last November, a major plus considering its $6.9 billion market cap and over 172 million outstanding shares. Kohl's has also been keeping its inventories lean, and is beginning to see its multi-billion-dollar digital technology investments pay off. Cramer lauded its move to start selling Under Armour products, saying that adding more popular brands to the racks could boost business further. "It wouldn't shock me if Kohl's can actually turn itself around, and in the meantime the company's paying you a handsome 5.5% yield to wait," Cramer said. Or take Wal-Mart, a massive multinational retailer and one of the only names in the space delivering true same-store sales growth, at least according to its February earnings report. Not only is Wal-Mart chasing the e-commerce trend via its recent acquisition of Jet.com, but Cramer believes that the company has "the best balance sheet in the space" and is one of the best-positioned retailers to handle a possible border adjustment tax. "Even though I don't think the border tax idea that Congress keeps pushing is a serious possibility, in the unlikely event that I'm wrong and it does happen, Wal-Mart's maybe one of the few, if not the only, retailer that could handle it — the company claims that it only imports about a third of its goods, as opposed to 97 percent of all apparel and 90 percent of all electronics," the "Mad Money" host said. And Cramer has faith that Wal-Mart's stock is still far from its peak. "I could actually see Wal-Mart inching toward its old high of $90, up from $73 here, because of better management and superior pricing," Cramer said. "Now, it would be a lengthy, multi-year journey, but I have to tell you, with Wal-Mart, you've had a bit of a sell-off. I think you've got to do some buying." So while all of retail rebounded on Thursday, Cramer urges caution. "I don't want to fool ourselves here," he said. "It's just too hard to offset the Amazon effect there, which is why I'd prefer to go with non-mall based plays like Wal-Mart, Kohl's, the outstanding Burlington Stores, or TJX, all of which could be winners for the patient among you." Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Elizabeth GurdusDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AMZN --- KSS --- WMT --- BURL --- TJX --- Cramer's New Book To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to main content Wed, Apr 12, 2017 Government & Economy » BT All News Weekly News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News News HomeBreakingToday's PaperOpinionSMELifestyleInfographicsVideosFocusBlogsMagsHubE-Paper All News Top StoriesCompanies & MarketsStocksReal EstateBanking & FinanceEnergy & CommoditiesTechnologyConsumerTransportGovernment & EconomyOpinionLife & Culture Weekly Views From the TopYoung Investors' ForumDining OutSMEExecutive MoneyThe Raffles ConversationBrunchInvesting & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Lifestyle HomeF&BArtsMoviesMusicDesignStyleTravelWellnessCarsGadgets FeatureWeekend InterviewCity BuzzReviewsJaimEEatsHauntNostalgia You are here Home > Government & Economy Large US firms stashed US$1.6t in tax havens: Oxfam Wednesday, April 12, 2017 - 12:41 [WASHINGTON] The 50 largest US companies, including Apple, Microsoft and Wal-Mart, are parking about US$1.6 trillion in offshore tax havens to reduce their US tax burden, according to a study published Wednesday. Poverty-fighting organization Oxfam America said the sum for 2015 was a US$200 billion increase over the prior year. The report cites the companies' own data. While not illegal, the companies "used a secretive network of 1,751 subsidiaries in tax havens to stash" their earnings outside the United States, Oxfam said in the report released ahead of next week's meetings of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank in Washington. "Tax avoidance has become standard business practice across the globe. Corporate tax dodgers cheat America out of approximately US$135 billion in unpaid tax revenues every year," Oxfam senior advisor Robbie Silverman said. sentifi.com Market voices on: Apple is at the top of the ranking with more than US$200 billion in offshore funds, followed closely by Pfizer laboratories (US$193.6 billion) and Microsoft's IT group (US$124 billion), the report said. SEE ALSO: White House's Spicer stumbles over Hitler reference US law allows companies to keep profits from foreign operations offshore indefinitely, to avoid corporate taxes that are among the highest in the industrialized world. While the corporate tax rate is nominally 35 per cent at the federal level, Oxfam said these 50 companies had an effective rate nearly 10 percentage points lower. During his campaign, US President Donald Trump proposed cutting the rate to 15 per cent, and allowing companies to repatriate their cash reserves with a one-time tax of 10 per cent. Oxfam criticised both proposals, saying the tax cut would help profitable companies and wealthy shareholders at the expense of important anti-poverty programmes. And the drastic reduction in corporate income tax will "feed into a destructive race to the bottom that has seen countries across the globe slashing corporate tax rates in recent years," the report said. Meanwhile, "repatriation holidays reward companies for keeping money offshore and avoiding their taxes" and "incentivises companies to move their profits to tax havens in expectation that they will eventually benefit from a one-time tax cut." "President Trump promised to fix the rigged political and economic system yet his tax reforms will further enrich powerful corporates at the expense of ordinary people and small businesses," Mr Silverman said. "The President and leaders in Congress must rethink their reforms and build a tax system that works for everyone and not just a fortunate few." AFP US tax haven oxfam Sign up for BT Newsletters Please wait Terms & Conditions Government & Economy China slams Shanghai for environmental violations 2:29 PM Taiwan bans eating dogs and cats 2:17 PM Xi urges peaceful resolution of North Korea tensions in Trump call 1:56 PM Singapore February retail sales slip 2.5% 1:25 PM Corruption cases in Singapore fell to record low in 2016, says CPIB 1:03 PM Japanese, US navies plan joint show of force towards North Korea 12:32 PM Breaking News 2:39 pm Broker's take: Schroders sees long-term returns from Singapore Reits 2:33 pm Tokyo stocks close down on yen surge 2:29 pm China slams Shanghai for environmental violations 2:17 pm Taiwan bans eating dogs and cats 1:56 pm Xi urges peaceful resolution of North Korea tensions in Trump call 1:44 pm Reef damage could cost Australia a million tourists: study 1:25 pm Singapore February retail sales slip 2.5% 1:12 pm Rickmers Maritime to wind up after failing to reach deal with lenders 1:03 pm Corruption cases in Singapore fell to record low in 2016, says CPIB 12:57 pm Toyota robot to keep elderly mobile, one step at a time Most Read 1 Singapore High Court cuts jail terms for Kong Hee and 5 City Harvest Church leaders 2 AGC file criminal reference with Court of Appeal over City Harvest Church verdict 3 Ital Auto to be new importer for Maserati 4 After SGX exit, OSIM heads for HK listing as V3 Group 5 Toh Tuck site tender overwhelms with 24 bids, topped by Malaysia's SP Setia Powered by GET.com subscribe to The Business Times Stay connected with The Business Times premium content on your favourite platforms CALL 6388 3838 Find Out More Download Our Apps Stay up to date with The Business Times for iPhone | iPad | Android Stay Updated Get the latest news and information from BT newsletters for free: Breakfast Brief every morning Daily Debrief every evening Please wait Terms & Conditions News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News Top Stories Companies & Markets Stocks Real Estate Banking & Finance Energy & Commodities Technology Consumer Transport Government & Economy Opinion Life & Culture Weekly Views From the Top Young Investors' Forum Dining Out SME Executive Money The Raffles Conversation Brunch Investing & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Home F&B Arts Movies Music Design Style Travel Wellness Cars Gadgets Feature Weekend Interview City Buzz Reviews JaimEEats Haunt Nostalgia Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin RSS E-paper PRINT ARCHIVE Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat About Us Contact Us Help Terms & Conditions SPH Websites Data Protection Policy SPH Digital News © 2017 SINGAPORE PRESS HOLDINGS LTD. REGN NO. 198402668E
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 12 April 2017 | MYT 12:23 PM Wal-Mart offers discounts for online orders picked up in store Online orders picked up in store already qualify for no shipping charges since the retailer saves on shipping fees. The latest discounts come on top of that. — Reuters CHICAGO: Wal-Mart Stores Inc will offer 'pickup discounts' to US shoppers on items they order online and pick up in-store, as it revamps its e-commerce offerings at a faster pace to close the gap with larger rival Amazon.com Inc.  Online orders picked up in store already qualify for no shipping charges since the retailer saves on shipping fees. The latest discounts come on top of that. For example, a Vizio 70in 4K Ultra HD television priced at US$1,698 (RM7,526) for store pick up will qualify for an additional discount of US$50 (RM221).  Marc Lore, head of Wal-Mart's e-commerce operations, told Reuters in an interview on April 11 he expects the move to boost transactions online and improve customer traffic in stores.  "This is a very material change in the value proposition we are offering customers," he said.  Lore said Wal-Mart is able to offer these discounts as it is able to eliminate delivery costs by leveraging its fleet of more than 6,700 trucks to deliver products from warehouses to stores.  The decision to offer these discounts is the latest move by Lore to revamp an existing e-commerce offering from Wal-Mart. The change is expected to improve the retailer's competitive advantage by making its 4,700 US stores more relevant to shoppers in a digital age, analysts said.  Lore has been at the forefront of bold moves Wal-Mart has undertaken to challenge Amazon since he took charge of the retailer's struggling online business in August, after Wal-Mart acquired Jet.com, a company Lore founded, for over US$3bil (RM13.29bil).  Since then he has acquired three online retailers, shuffled Wal-Mart's e-commerce decks and made two-day shipping free on all online orders over US$35 (RM155), without any membership fees, to compete with Amazon's popular Prime shipping programme. These moves are in line with the broader push by Wal-Mart's chief executive Doug McMillon to give the retailer an even more dominant position in US e-commerce.  Wal-Mart has been investing in e-commerce for the past 15 years, but it still lags far behind its Seattle-based rival.  Starting April 19, Wal-Mart will offer pickup discounts on 10,000 items and on more than 1 million products by June.  In a separate blog post, Mark Ibbotson, executive vice-president of central operations, said Wal-Mart is expanding its same-day pick up service and is rolling out a pick-up tower – a giant vending machine that delivers packages ordered online when a customer enters a bar code – to more stores. — Reuters Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Corporate News , Technology Related Stories You May Be Interested Wal-Mart offers discounts for online orders picked up in store Apple-Qualcomm billions put at risk as phone alliance frays TripAdvisor users vote Emirates the world's best airline 2017 Relocation of eight air bases to cost RM2.7bil IGP: Missing activist Peter Chong spotted in Thailand US-based Osprey Packs confirms severed ties with Terry Yee over dog attack Others Also Read Bargains aplenty at Perfect Livin ’17 expo Lack of public transport to HKL clinic burdens patients Japan's Asada 'gave her all', has no regrets advertisement Latest News SWIFT to introduce tool to spot fraudulent inter-bank messages Yahoo accused of mismanaging funds meant for Chinese dissidents Canada judge denies bail for man US wants over Yahoo hack SP Setia puts in bid for residential plot in Singapore, reportedly at RM837m Facebook's EU regulator says close to deal on sharing of WhatsApp data Most Viewed in Tech Internet trolls United Airlines with creative memes in response to forceful flier removal Swift to start suspicious-payment alerts to help defend banks Two new price-crunching handsets from Honor, including top-end Honor 8 Pro Don’t be so sure about an Apple iPhone ‘super cycle’: opinion Apple-Qualcomm billions put at risk as phone alliance frays Facebook's EU regulator says close to deal on sharing of WhatsApp data Amazon said to mull Whole Foods bid before Jana stepped in SWIFT to introduce tool to spot fraudulent inter-bank messages Uber offers free rides on Turkish referendum day TripAdvisor users vote Emirates the world's best airline 2017 Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
News Real Estate Hotels INSiGHT Classifieds Jobs 外資系転職 広告掲載 Newsletter Signup Register/Login LOGIN/REGISTER Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook connect OR LOGIN WITH YOUR JAPANTODAY ACCOUNT Remember Me Forgot Password? NEW USER REGISTRATION Reset Password *Required Register with a JapanToday account Letters and numbers only; 5 to 50 characters. This cannot be changed later. You will be sent an email to activate your account before you can log in. Yes, I would like to receive news alerts from JapanToday I agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy JapanToday National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features search ALL LIFESTYLE ARTS & CULTURE KUCHIKOMI NEW PRODUCTS HEALTH FOOD TRAVEL EXECUTIVE IMPACT OPINIONS PODCAST EVENTS 50 largest U.S. companies stashing $1.6 trillion in overseas tax havens: Oxfam World Apr. 12, 2017 - 02:00PM JST ( 2 ) The Bahamas is a popular tax havens destination for the US companies AFP WASHINGTON — The 50 largest U.S. companies, including Apple, Microsoft and Wal-Mart, are parking about $1.6 trillion in offshore tax havens to reduce their U.S. tax burden, according to a study published Wednesday. Poverty-fighting organization Oxfam America said the sum for 2015 was a $200 billion increase over the prior year. The report cites the companies’ own data. While not illegal, the companies “used a secretive network of 1,751 subsidiaries in tax havens to stash” their earnings outside the United States, Oxfam said in the report released ahead of next week’s meetings of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank in Washington. “Tax avoidance has become standard business practice across the globe. Corporate tax dodgers cheat America out of approximately $135 billion in unpaid tax revenues every year,” Oxfam senior advisor Robbie Silverman said. Apple is at the top of the ranking with more than $200 billion in offshore funds, followed closely by Pfizer laboratories ($193.6 billion) and Microsoft’s IT group ($124 billion), the report said. U.S. law allows companies to keep profits from foreign operations offshore indefinitely, to avoid corporate taxes that are among the highest in the industrialized world. While the corporate tax rate is nominally 35% at the federal level, Oxfam said these 50 companies had an effective rate nearly 10 percentage points lower. During his campaign, U.S. President Donald Trump proposed cutting the rate to 15%, and allowing companies to repatriate their cash reserves with a one-time tax of 10%. Oxfam criticized both proposals, saying the tax cut would help profitable companies and wealthy shareholders at the expense of important anti-poverty programs. And the drastic reduction in corporate income tax will “feed into a destructive race to the bottom that has seen countries across the globe slashing corporate tax rates in recent years,” the report said. Meanwhile, “repatriation holidays reward companies for keeping money offshore and avoiding their taxes” and “incentivizes companies to move their profits to tax havens in expectation that they will eventually benefit from a one-time tax cut.” “President Trump promised to fix the rigged political and economic system yet his tax reforms will further enrich powerful corporates at the expense of ordinary people and small businesses,” Silverman said. “The President and leaders in Congress must rethink their reforms and build a tax system that works for everyone and not just a fortunate few.” © 2017 AFP Tweet Back to top Order by Time Order by Popularity 2 Comments Login to comment 0 SuperLibApr. 12, 2017 - 02:45PM JST and allowing companies to repatriate their cash reserves with a one-time tax of 10%. Yeah, that's been tried already: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Repatriation_tax_holiday Except the rate was 5.25%, not 10% like Trump is proposing. And it failed miserably. Companies brought back money, but it was pumped into financial products that increased company value, not job creation. The myth that these richer companies will create jobs was created by the GOP, and despite direct evidence from 2004 they are choosing ideology over evidence. And they're setting it up to do it all over again. From the Wikipedia link: "Under this law, corporations brought $362 billion into the American economy, primarily for the purposes of paying dividends to investors, repurchasing shares, and purchasing other corporations. In 2011, Senate Democrats, arguing against another repatriation tax holiday, issued a report asserting that the previous effort had actually cost the United States Treasury $3.3 billion, and that companies receiving the tax breaks had thereafter cut over 20,000 jobs." See the part where it says that companies receiving the tax breaks actually slashed jobs? Yeah, that's called evidence. Fortune magazine explains how it will happen again: http://fortune.com/2016/11/24/donald-trump-repatriation-tax-plan-jobs/. In the end it will just be a lot of free money for the richest entities on earth. While the corporate tax rate is nominally 35% at the federal level, Oxfam said these 50 companies had an effective rate nearly 10 percentage points lower. When you hear the Right talk, they will always mentioned stated rates and not the effective rates. You will see it a lot in blogs. Companies can use deductions which lowers the amount form 35%, and the average ends up being about 16%. Looks like for the bigger companies, it's less. As this continues, the % of revenue collected from corporations will continue to fall, and the middle class will have to pick up more of the tab. This is despite corporations sitting on record amounts of cash and profits. All because the GOP is convinced that richer companies create jobs. 0 MsDeliciousApr. 12, 2017 - 03:54PM JST The IRS goes after all its citizens abroad but not after companies hiding their money. Why should I have to file US tax forms when I never ever go there. Waste of time and money. Back to top Login to leave a comment Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook connect OR Login with your JapanToday account Remember Me › Forgot Password? NEW USER REGISTRATION JapanToday Insight Three memorable days in Tohoku (Day One) JI Core 50 Professional MonitorsBusiness Services Japanese Language Program Summer 2017 Temple University, Japan CampusContinuing Education / MBA EMBA Special Lecture: Territorial disputes in the East China and South China Seas Temple University, Japan CampusContinuing Education / MBA Special Offers A Live Action Robot Adventure Like No Other Offer ends: Aug 10, 2017 グローバルに 活躍したいあなたへ 外資系転職 バイリンガル人材の ための求人サイト 見てみる More in World United CEO pledges to review policies on removal of passengers Apr. 12, 2017 - 02:31PM JST ( 1 ) Tillerson arrives in Moscow to push Putin on Syria Apr. 12, 2017 - 06:56AM JST ( 14 ) Trump says U.S. ready to solve N Korean 'problem' without China Apr. 12, 2017 - 06:50AM JST ( 14 ) Uzbek man pleads guilty in Stockholm truck attack Apr. 12, 2017 - 06:45AM JST ( 1 ) British DJ hosts world's highest party on Everest Apr. 12, 2017 - 06:00AM JST ( 2 ) View all Most Popular Recent Comments 1 Toshiba's survival in doubt after reporting unaudited results 35 2 U.S. told Japan before Trump-Xi talks of option to strike N Korea 35 3 Falling childbirth rate changing Japan's cram school business 21 4 United faces public-relations fiasco over dragged passenger 20 5 Trump says U.S. ready to solve N Korean 'problem' without China 14 View all MsDelicious Apr. 12, 2017 - 03:57PM JST I had one bike stolen so I bought a new one. Two months later cops called… Posted in: 34,247 bicycles left abandoned at Tokyo train stations in 2016 Nessie Apr. 12, 2017 - 03:55PM JST Buckingham is a genius. I don't understand why so few Japanese know about this band. Posted in: Fleetwood Mac members announce new album MsDelicious Apr. 12, 2017 - 03:54PM JST The IRS goes after all its citizens abroad but not after companies hiding their money. Why… Posted in: 50 largest U.S. companies stashing $1.6 trillion in overseas tax havens: Oxfam lostrune2 Apr. 12, 2017 - 03:50PM JST I decided a long while ago never to give money to American airlines... never, ever again.… Posted in: United faces public-relations fiasco over dragged passenger MsDelicious Apr. 12, 2017 - 03:50PM JST Sure glad I went to school in America. Posted in: Falling childbirth rate changing Japan's cram school business View all Time to Buy in Japan Find the perfect home today! Search Home National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Events Lifestyle Arts & Culture Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Commentary Opinions © 2017 GPlusMedia Inc. Privacy Terms of Service Moderation Policy 広告掲載/Advertise with us 総合案内/About us 編集部/Contact us 日本の読者様へ facebook twitter RSS
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Empowering Customers with More Ways to Save – Introducing Pickup Discount By Marc Lore, President and CEO, Walmart U.S. eCommerce One of the things I love most about Walmart’s heritage is the maniacal focus on our customers and finding ways to offer them low prices – every day. We do this by creating efficiencies in our business so we can share the savings with them. And, in the online world, we can use our physical stores and supply chain to do some pretty unique things for our digital customers. Digital Press Kit View b-roll video and related blog post That’s why I’m so excited to announce that, starting on April 19, we are going to begin offering a discount on eligible, online-only (non-store) items that customers buy online and ship to any Walmart store for pickup. Pickup Discount* will initially be available on about 10,000 items. We will then roll out the discount to more than one million of the most popular items by the end of June. We’re creating price transparency to empower customers to shop smarter and choose what’s best for them. Now, they can either pickup and save even more money, or ship two-day for free to home, without paying for a membership. With Pickup Discount, we are beginning to take the ethos behind Jet’s Smart Cart and marrying it with Walmart’s operational efficiency to bring price transparency to life at Walmart.com. But first, let me share a bit on how we are able to do this for our customers. We can remove the last mile delivery costs (that represent the lion’s share of the costs to ship products to customers’ homes) when we leverage our fleet of more than 6,700 trucks to deliver products directly from fulfillment centers to our 4,700 stores. This means, quite simply, it costs less for us to ship to stores. So, our customers should share in those savings. Here’s how Pickup Discount works: Customers shop an item notated with “Pickup Discount” on Walmart.com and ship to their local store for pickup. These shoppers will then receive a discount based on each individual item. For example: We are doing a lot to enhance the Pickup experience to make it even simpler and more convenient for customers. We’ve also been hard at work aggressively expanding our Online Grocery Pickup service which is now in 600 stores with an additional 500 coming this year. We already offer great prices online. We do that every day. Offering a discount on Pickup demonstrates how we can take that to the next level by operating more efficiently and removing costs from the system to give customers even more ways to save. *Pickup Discount will be available on eligible items on Walmart.com only. Discount will be available in the contiguous United States. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Millennial Lithium Corp. (MLNLF: OTCQB) | Millennial Lithium Corp.: Favorable Geophysics Indicate Potential Brine Bearing Formations at Cauchari East Next PostNext Global Pico Projector Market by Type, Products, Size, Share, Cost, Revenue, Applications and Forecast 2017-2022 Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Empowering Customers with More Ways to Save – Introducing Pickup Discount By Marc Lore, President and CEO, Walmart U.S. eCommerce One of the things I love most about Walmart’s heritage is the maniacal focus on our customers and finding ways to offer them low prices – every day. We do this by creating efficiencies in our business so we can share the savings with them. And, in the online world, we can use our physical stores and supply chain to do some pretty unique things for our digital customers. Digital Press Kit View b-roll video and related blog post That’s why I’m so excited to announce that, starting on April 19, we are going to begin offering a discount on eligible, online-only (non-store) items that customers buy online and ship to any Walmart store for pickup. Pickup Discount* will initially be available on about 10,000 items. We will then roll out the discount to more than one million of the most popular items by the end of June. We’re creating price transparency to empower customers to shop smarter and choose what’s best for them. Now, they can either pickup and save even more money, or ship two-day for free to home, without paying for a membership. With Pickup Discount, we are beginning to take the ethos behind Jet’s Smart Cart and marrying it with Walmart’s operational efficiency to bring price transparency to life at Walmart.com. But first, let me share a bit on how we are able to do this for our customers. We can remove the last mile delivery costs (that represent the lion’s share of the costs to ship products to customers’ homes) when we leverage our fleet of more than 6,700 trucks to deliver products directly from fulfillment centers to our 4,700 stores. This means, quite simply, it costs less for us to ship to stores. So, our customers should share in those savings. Here’s how Pickup Discount works: Customers shop an item notated with “Pickup Discount” on Walmart.com and ship to their local store for pickup. These shoppers will then receive a discount based on each individual item. For example: We are doing a lot to enhance the Pickup experience to make it even simpler and more convenient for customers. We’ve also been hard at work aggressively expanding our Online Grocery Pickup service which is now in 600 stores with an additional 500 coming this year. We already offer great prices online. We do that every day. Offering a discount on Pickup demonstrates how we can take that to the next level by operating more efficiently and removing costs from the system to give customers even more ways to save. *Pickup Discount will be available on eligible items on Walmart.com only. Discount will be available in the contiguous United States. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Millennial Lithium Corp. (MLNLF: OTCQB) | Millennial Lithium Corp.: Favorable Geophysics Indicate Potential Brine Bearing Formations at Cauchari East Next PostNext Global Pico Projector Market by Type, Products, Size, Share, Cost, Revenue, Applications and Forecast 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Medical Education Market – Global Industry Volume and Region Analysis – 2024 ZIPPER Trade- One Stop Solution to All Your Stock Market Investments Availing the Designer and Stylish Dresses for Kids at Stylemylo Lindab International AB (publ): Lindabs årsredovisning för 2016 publicerad Lindab International AB (publ): Lindab’s Annual Report for 2016 published Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 26° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 56-63 We set you thinking Wednesday 12 April 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World China's H7N9 bird flu death toll at 47 in March: government data 1491979159 Singapore 24hr Starbucks Reserve store opens in Changi Airport T3 1491977760 World Johor cops launch crackdown on Singaporean fine dodgers 1491979311 Singapore Licences of 9 retailers suspended for selling tobacco to minors: HSA 1491979009 World China's Xi calls for peaceful resolution of North Korea tensions in call with Trump 1491978490 World Taiwan bans sale, consumption of dog and cat meat 1491977820 World Fury in Vietnam over United passenger dragged from plane 1491977675 World EU's Juncker says Italy going in right direction: newspaper 1491977542 World White House accuses Russia of Syria chemical attack 'cover up' 1491977173 Business Akzo Nobel reports Elliott, PPG for allegedly sharing 'sensitive' information 1491976719 Business Akzo Nobel receives request from Elliott for shareholder meeting 1491975016 World A journey to Scarborough Shoal, the South China Sea's 'Waterworld' 1491969240 Business Exclusive: Inside edge - Trump advisor Icahn's big bet against biofuels credits 1491974174 World 100k signatures goal reached on petition calling for investigation into United Airlines’ incident 1491971760 Singapore Jurong West still without full Internet services as more damaged cables found 1491959520 Singapore Video consultations now available at 4 healthcare institutions for selected conditions 1491971820 Business United Airlines faces mounting pressure over hospitalized passenger 1491963746 Business Trump's message to bankers: Wall Street reform rules may be eliminated 1491971202 Voices Too many unknowns when it comes to herbal products 1491971808 China&India Chinese girl, 10, left on airliner by parents 1491960360 Sports United States, Canada and Mexico launch joint-bid for 2026 World Cup 1491898560 Entertainment Chef’s Table director to eat at Restaurant Andre and Burnt Ends 1491908160 China&India It’s racist! Chinese social media erupts over incident 1491940920 Business Wal-Mart offers discounts for online orders picked up in store 1491970089 World Chinese state tabloid warns North Korea against nuclear test 1491964440 Singapore New NSL signalling system to be tested on Sundays for two months 1491966180 Entertainment Britney coming to Singapore? 1491900960 Business Private non-landed resale prices rise for fifth straight month 1491940920 Sports S’pore Sevens shindig ‘will only get bigger, better’ 1491940920 Business Banks move to replace physical dongles with digital tokens 1491917760 Singapore Kallang River area set to be walking, cycling haven 1491940920 World Reports emerge detailing United Airlines passenger's troubled past 1491927360 World ‘No one should ever be mistreated this way’: United CEO apologises 1491953940 World Blasts hit Borussia Dortmund team bus, leaving player hurt 1491963360 Sports All forms of rugby will gain from rugby sevens boom: Jason Robinson 1491967915 Business Lack of clarity on Toshiba earnings audit is a problem: Japan finance minister 1491963528 World Venezuela's Maduro jeered by crowd as unrest grows 1491964167 Business Exclusive: Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO 1491962960 World North Korea warns of nuclear strike if provoked; Trump 'armada' steams on 1491952529 Business Toshiba files results unapproved by auditor; warns of 'going concern' risk 1491931472 World Japan plans joint show of force with U.S. carrier headed to Korean peninsula: sources 1491962573 World Spicer apologises for ‘insensitive’ reference to Holocaust 1491961918 Entertainment Museum asks fans of Kermit, Elmo to help pay for exhibit 1491961911 World South Korea presidential frontrunner Moon pledges extra budget if elected 1491960960 World Brazil judge orders corruption probe into a third of Temer's cabinet 1491960669 World U.S.-Russia tensions over Syria will not 'spiral out of control': Mattis 1491956820 World Macron, Le Pen hold French election lead but investors eye Melenchon surge 1491939539 Business Automakers hope to reach U.S. deal on 2025 vehicle emissions 1491958192 World ‘Charging Bull’ sculptor accuses NYC of violating his rights 1491958311 Business United Airlines faces mounting pressure over hospitalized passenger 1491955454 Business Wal-Mart offers discounts for online orders picked up in store A man talks on his mobile phone in front of a Wal-Mart store in Sao Paulo. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 12:15 PM, April 12, 2017 CHICAGO - Wal-Mart Stores Inc will offer 'pickup discounts' to U.S. shoppers on items they order online and pick up in-store, as it revamps its e-commerce offerings at a faster pace to close the gap with larger rival Amazon.com Inc. Online orders picked up in store already qualify for no shipping charges since the retailer saves on shipping fees. The latest discounts come on top of that. For example, a Vizio 70-inch 4K Ultra HD television priced at $1,698 for store pick up will qualify for an additional discount of $50. Marc Lore, head of Wal-Mart's e-commerce operations, told Reuters in an interview on Tuesday he expects the move to boost transactions online and improve customer traffic in stores. "This is a very material change in the value proposition we are offering customers," he said. Lore said Wal-Mart is able to offer these discounts as it is able to eliminate delivery costs by leveraging its fleet of more than 6,700 trucks to deliver products from warehouses to stores. The decision to offer these discounts is the latest move by Lore to revamp an existing e-commerce offering from Wal-Mart. The change is expected to improve the retailer's competitive advantage by making its 4,700 U.S. stores more relevant to shoppers in a digital age, analysts said. Lore has been at the forefront of bold moves Wal-Mart has undertaken to challenge Amazon since he took charge of the retailer's struggling online business in August, after Wal-Mart acquired Jet.com, a company Lore founded, for over $3 billion. Since then he has acquired three online retailers, shuffled Wal-Mart's e-commerce decks and made two-day shipping free on all online orders over $35, without any membership fees, to compete with Amazon's popular Prime shipping program. These moves are in line with the broader push by Wal-Mart's Chief Executive Doug McMillon to give the retailer an even more dominant position in U.S. e-commerce. Wal-Mart has been investing in e-commerce for the past 15 years, but it still lags far behind its Seattle-based rival. Starting April 19, Wal-Mart will offer pickup discounts on 10,000 items and on more than 1 million products by June. In a separate blog post, Mark Ibbotson, executive vice president of central operations, said Wal-Mart is expanding its same-day pick up service and is rolling out a pick-up tower - a giant vending machine that delivers packages ordered online when a customer enters a bar code - to more stores. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Wells Fargo's aggressive sales tactics hit small firms: WSJ Wells Fargo's 'Jump into January' was grim start to the year Wells Fargo report: no 'pattern of retaliation' against whistleblowers Weak crude oil stunts U.S. energy IPOs, boosts outlook for M&A Wall Street sees Fed balance sheet normalization plan by year end: Reuters poll Wall Street falls as Fed minutes reverse earlier rally Wall Street ends slightly higher; China meeting eyed Wall Street ends down; geopolitical risks weigh ahead of earnings Wall Street ends choppy session up slightly; energy helps Wall Street down after weak jobs, Fed comments, Syria airstrikes Inside Today World China's Xi calls for peaceful resolution of North Korea tensions in call with Trump Taiwan bans sale, consumption of dog and cat meat Fury in Vietnam over United passenger dragged from plane EU's Juncker says Italy going in right direction: newspaper White House accuses Russia of Syria chemical attack 'cover up' Business Skittish investors seek safe harbor in yen, gold, bonds Akzo Nobel reports Elliott, PPG for allegedly sharing 'sensitive' information Akzo Nobel receives request from Elliott for shareholder meeting Exclusive: Inside edge - Trump advisor Icahn's big bet against biofuels credits Trump's message to bankers: Wall Street reform rules may be eliminated Sports All forms of rugby will gain from rugby sevens boom: Jason Robinson S’pore Sevens shindig ‘will only get bigger, better’ Yeo powers through women’s singles qualifers at OUE Singapore Open FAS elections: Team Game Changers loses one individual candidate United States, Canada and Mexico launch joint-bid for 2026 World Cup Entertainment Museum asks fans of Kermit, Elmo to help pay for exhibit DJ Paul Oakenfold plays at 'highest party on earth' — on Everest Chef’s Table director to eat at Restaurant Andre and Burnt Ends So, you wanna make a movie... Britney coming to Singapore? About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
For a better experience on Victoria Advocate.com, enable JavaScript in your browser. Subscribe   Login Login Signup View Newsletters Customer Care Subscribe NEWS Local News Obituaries Police & Courts Business Region & State Counties SPORTS Latest Sports Schools Scores Stats Pick 'em VIEWS Latest Views Blogs Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Polls Everyday Heroes EXPLORE Projects Photos Photo Galleries Videos Reader Photos Elections Hurricanes FEATURES Latest Features Celebrations Local Ads Education Entertainment Faith Food Health Home & Garden Magazines CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Local Ads Cars Homes Jobs Garage Sales Place an ad Marketplace 64° NEWS SPORTS OBITUARIES CLASSIFIEDS 64° STAY CONNECTED   Events Calendar SHARE THIS PAGE Share Tweet +1 It Pin It Reblog   Email   Print FOLLOW US ON   FACEBOOK   TWITTER PINTEREST INSTAGRAM Tumblr Advertise with us Rain douses region, delays outdoor events By Ismael Perez April 11, 2017 at 11:21 p.m. Updated April 11, 2017 at 11:28 p.m. Jerome Baker walks to his car in the rain from Wal-Mart, 4001 Houston Highway, on Tuesday afternoon.   Barclay Fernandez for The Victoria Advocate The heavy rain after a power outage Tuesday did not help keep John Valdivia optimistic about his business day at The Box Coffee Bar. "Sometimes the rain hurts us, sometimes we don't skip a beat," Valdivia, the business owner, said. Victoria received 1.07 inches of rain and strong winds with gust levels of up to 45 mph between 4 and 6 p.m. Tuesday, according to the National Weather Service in Corpus Christi. Calhoun County received 1.17 inches of rain, and 1 inch of precipitation fell in Refugio County. Valdivia said rain is always the worst for business, especially when it is cold, but it was a typical day at The Box Coffee Bar. The only way the rain affected his business was causing his customers to wait in their cars before coming in, he said. While some residents had to wait two hours for a hot espresso, others had to postpone events they had been preparing and looking forward to. "We had to postpone our game until tomorrow (Wednesday)," said Wes Kolle, Victoria East High School baseball coach. "We go throughout the day preparing mentally and physically, but the weather is one of those things we have no control over." The game was between Victoria East High School and Victoria West High School. Kolle said the game was postponed because of safety issues, and because it is a district ballgame, officials want their athletes to perform in the best playing conditions possible. Bad weather also caused the University of Houston-Victoria to cancel Tuesday's groundbreaking ceremony for its new building. University Commons will be located at the field directly across from University Center, 3007 N. Ben Wilson St. The building will serve as a student center, learning commons, parking lot and library. A new date for the event has not been scheduled yet. University officials plan to discuss the rescheduling. Future outdoor events throughout the week should not expect any setbacks because of rain. Wednesday is expected to be mostly cloudy with a high in the mid 80s and east winds at 10 to 15 mph, according to the weather service. Wednesday evening will be mostly cloudy in the low to mid 60s with southeast winds at 10 to 15 mph. RELATED UHV postpones groundbreaking because of rain Rain wreaks havoc on local schedule Chance of rain Tuesday Tuesday holds chance of rain 2016-17 girls basketball all-district teams -- See all related stories -- SHARE Comments Advertise with us Advertise with us Most Commented 11  Suddenlink drops KPRC channel from line up 09  Power restored in downtown Victoria after outage 07  Hate crime law leads to few convictions 06  Let's give everyone a fair shot 04  Mentally ill man worse off after acquittal Follow UsTweets from https://twitter.com/Vicadvocate/lists/victoria-advocate Crossroads Calhoun Dewitt Goliad Jackson Lavaca Refugio Wharton Victoria Our Site About Us Staff Advertise NIE Archives Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site FAQs Advocate Advantage Advocate Advantage Customer Care Digital Edition Connect Contact Us Facebook Twitter Google+ © Victoria Advocate Publishing Co., All Rights Reserved. 311 E. Constitution St. Victoria, Texas 77901 - Phone: 361-575-1451 Newsroom: 361-574-1222 - Customer Care: 361-574-1200 Powered By AdvocateDigitalMedia
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Large US firms stashed $1.6 trillion in tax havens: Oxfam By Afp Published: 00:43 EDT, 12 April 2017 | Updated: 00:43 EDT, 12 April 2017 e-mail The Bahamas is a popular tax havens destination for the US companies The 50 largest US companies, including Apple, Microsoft and Wal-Mart, are parking about $1.6 trillion in offshore tax havens to reduce their US tax burden, according to a study published Wednesday. Poverty-fighting organization Oxfam America said the sum for 2015 was a $200 billion increase over the prior year. The report cites the companies' own data. While not illegal, the companies "used a secretive network of 1,751 subsidiaries in tax havens to stash" their earnings outside the United States, Oxfam said in the report released ahead of next week's meetings of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank in Washington. "Tax avoidance has become standard business practice across the globe. Corporate tax dodgers cheat America out of approximately $135 billion in unpaid tax revenues every year," Oxfam senior advisor Robbie Silverman said. Apple is at the top of the ranking with more than $200 billion in offshore funds, followed closely by Pfizer laboratories ($193.6 billion) and Microsoft's IT group ($124 billion), the report said. US law allows companies to keep profits from foreign operations offshore indefinitely, to avoid corporate taxes that are among the highest in the industrialized world. During his campaign, US President Donald Trump proposed cutting the corporate tax rate to 15%, and allowing companies to repatriate their cash reserves with a one-time tax of 10% While the corporate tax rate is nominally 35 percent at the federal level, Oxfam said these 50 companies had an effective rate nearly 10 percentage points lower. During his campaign, US President Donald Trump proposed cutting the rate to 15 percent, and allowing companies to repatriate their cash reserves with a one-time tax of 10 percent. Oxfam criticized both proposals, saying the tax cut would help profitable companies and wealthy shareholders at the expense of important anti-poverty programs. And the drastic reduction in corporate income tax will "feed into a destructive race to the bottom that has seen countries across the globe slashing corporate tax rates in recent years," the report said. Meanwhile, "repatriation holidays reward companies for keeping money offshore and avoiding their taxes" and "incentivizes companies to move their profits to tax havens in expectation that they will eventually benefit from a one-time tax cut." "President Trump promised to fix the rigged political and economic system yet his tax reforms will further enrich powerful corporates at the expense of ordinary people and small businesses," Silverman said. "The President and leaders in Congress must rethink their reforms and build a tax system that works for everyone and not just a fortunate few." Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS SPOILER ALERT: Megan McKenna clashes with Chloe Sims on TOWIE following rumours of the blonde's 'close' bond with her ex Pete Wicks Jennifer Aniston stuns in a plunging leather bustier as she cosies up to husband Justin Theroux at star-studded Louis Vuitton in Paris A-list event Former Hollyoaks star Lee Otway looks almost unrecognisable as he shows off his new ripped physique following dramatic lifestyle overhaul 'He's got five girlfriends so he's doing okay!' Simon Cowell reveals Eric, 3, has 'his charm with the ladies'... as he discusses having more children  Little Mix's Jesy Nelson shows off her incredibly ripped abs and buxom cleavage in sexy sports bra as she poses for behind-the-scenes tour snap Forget spending hundreds of pounds on whiter teeth! How £8 CHARCOAL polish will give you an A-list smile... (and it's available at Boots)  SPONSORED 'Best day of my life, I'm divorced!' Jodie Marsh runs through garden stark NAKED to celebrate singledom... as she reveals she will 'never be duped again' Zip sync battle! Voluptuous Chrissy Teigen tries in vain to squeeze her large assets into tight zip-up outfit Hilarious Mila Kunis steps out in fitted jeans and slouchy top... after husband Ashton Kutcher thanked her for teaching him 'lessons in character' Casual She's a real beach babe! Britney Spears sizzles in tiny white bikini as she splashes around the surf in Hawaii Looking good Make-up free Charlotte Crosby is unrecognisable as she dresses up in period costume to play Sir Isaac Newton's mother in Drunk History 'I would be godfather if asked!' Simon Cowell says pal Cheryl is 'ecstatic' at becoming a mum and hopes they will work together again... but NOT on The X Factor 'I definitely want to be a mother': Khloé Kardashian reveals hopes for marriage and babies with Tristan Thompson... but doesn't want to 'pressure' him Lean girls! Amanda Seyfried steps out with husband Thomas Sadoski for first time without her bump after welcoming daughter Gave birth last month Experts reveal easy hacks to make your family's life healthier  From cooking classes, to colourful and delicious family dinners. SPONSORED Robin reliant! Thicke proves to be a dependable dad as he treats son to day out as he closes in on custodial agreement with Paula Patton Police raid storage locker in search of Mel B's 'sex tapes' as Spice Girl gets restraining order against nanny who she claims is extorting her after 'pregnancy' 'I had a moment of feeling free...': Orlando Bloom discusses THAT naked paddle boarding moment as he insists he and ex Katy Perry are still 'friends'  'The guest list is spectacular': Stevie Wonder, 67, set to wed third wife Tomeeka Bracy, 42, in a star-studded beachside ceremony in Jamaica Molly McFadden, 15, enjoys family time at Chessington as mum Kerry Katona reveals she's 'heartbroken' that her eldest is moving to become a surgeon EXCLUSIVE - On an escapade: New mom Janet Jackson spotted for first time since splitting from husband Wissam Al Mana while shopping for furniture  Back to work! Bella Thorne exudes glamour in sexy red gown for new Freeform series Famous in Love Main character Paige Townsen Jennifer Lawrence 'heartbroken' over suicide of old friend and MTV reality star Clay Adler who 'brings her back to her humble beginnings'  Kelsey Grammer and his fourth wife Kayte take their baby boy Auden to lunch in Beverly Hills At 62, the five-time Emmy winner is 25 years older  'She's struggling': Billie Lourd's uncle reveals she is 'acting like everything is fine on Instagram' since mother Carrie Fisher's death Putting on a brave face Peep show! Ashley Graham poses in her underwear in revealing selfie as she models crop top The 29-year-old posed in a pair of skimpy undies 'I knew my assailant': Abigail Breslin breaks silence about her own sexual assault during awareness month Bravely opened up about her own experience  'Doing what's best for our child': Naya Rivera says she and ex-Ryan Dorsey excel at co-parenting... after pool PDA with David Spade Still have a relationship Getting into the groove! Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, puffs on a roll up cigarette while spending spring break in Miami with friends 'I can't explain how scary it's been to be so open': Marnie Simpson confirms the release of revealing tell-all autobiography titled Stripped Bare Taking things up a gear! Cara Delevingne flaunts her trim figure in hotpants and a crop top as she poses astride a motorbike in new Puma campaign 'Talking was a very strong part of the healing': Stephen Fry speaks candidly about his mental health battle as he teams up with royals for new campaign PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Just horsing around! Sweet Harper Beckham, 5, proves her riding talents as she saddles up for an afternoon at the stables in LA PICTURED: Cops interrogate man with drone after he's spotted lurking around outside Kendall Jenner's Hollywood home She's laying low Animal attraction! Geordie Shore's Gaz Beadle and girlfriend Emma McVey look loved up as the couple hit Sydney's Taronga Zoo Dating since August  Leading lady! Katherine Jenkins puts on glamorous display in elegant black dress as she attends Carousel after-party following West End debut  Kids at heart! The Kardashians get sucked into the rides at a carnival in Cleveland as Khloe talks marriage and kids with boyfriend Tristan Thompson Quality time in the sky! Reese Witherspoon brings her daughter Ava on a magical sunset helicopter trip along the California coast Riding high Any second now! VERY pregnant Ciara rocks figure-hugging dress as she joins friend for lunch at Bel Air Hotel She is reportedly due in early April  Get to the chopped salad! Arnold Schwarzenegger takes military Hummer to meet daughters for lunch in Venice Action man persona 'My plan is to impregnate Char': Stephen Bear reveals he wants to have a BABY with girlfriend Charlotte Crosby by next year .  'Drowning out the pain 'cos you're not mine': Stephanie Davis releases song entitled 'Missin'... rumoured to be about rehab-bound ex Jeremy McConnell 'I felt like I was becoming hateful': Sheryl Crow argues for empathy on her new album after 'losing faith in our country' Started a petition General Hospital star Peter Hansen passes away at age 95 The actor has played lawyer Lee Baldwin on General Hospital since 1965 Pamela Anderson puts on a VERY busty display as she flashes her lace bra under floral wrap dress for sunset walk with photographer David LaChapelle in Venice The cat's meow! Paris Hilton rocks feline themed hat during leisurely stroll with boyfriend Chris Zylka and sister Nicky Purr-fect cap Meghan Markle spotted strolling to yoga appearing relaxed after it's revealed the actress's half-sister plans to write a tell-all book about her 'Living in a love bubble': New mum Cheryl professes her joy in subtle note... as beau Liam Payne simply states he is 'happy' Broken the silence Paris Jackson 'fears' for younger brother Blanket, 15, as he 'lives alone on family estate without legal guardians Katherine and TJ' Protective sibling Basil's back on the BBC! John Cleese to star in his first sitcom for the broadcaster since Fawlty Towers ended in 1979  Return to TV Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves makes statement in snake-print blazer as he enjoys dinner in London... after heading to Harley Street to get more Botox  Michelle Williams cuts an elegant yet edgy figure in an unus lacy dress as she attends Louis Vuitton launch in Paris Silk slip Cops called to Kendall Jenner's Hollywood home again... after security becomes suspicious of man with drone LAPD officers called What a ride! Diane Kruger goes hell for leather in tight trousers as she strikes model pose with new Audi sports car Rock chick He's Schreded! Shirtless Liev Schreiber shows off his muscular frame while holidaying with his children in Maui That's definitely NOT a dad bod Nick Jonas shows off karate moves with Sophie Turner after Nicki Minaj jokes that she 'roughed him up' a bit Out in West Hollywood Geordie Shore reunion! Gaz Beadle catches up with former reality co-star Vicky Pattison's ex-boyfriend Dan Conn in Bondi In Australia Simply irresistible! Christina Milian rocks tiniest of denim skirts with distressed jean jacket and mesh top at LA party Party girl When you got it! Olivia Culpo goes braless in a very low-cut plunging top as she steps out in ripped jeans in Los Angeles  Low key Gwyneth Paltrow raves about the health benefits of a CHLOROPHYLL shot on her lifestyle website Goop... but health experts label it an 'unnecessary fad' Cate Blanchett shows off her style credentials in structured sleeveless jacket as she attends Louis Vuitton event in Paris Chic Bunny fun! Megan Fox enjoys fun-filled family Easter egg hunt with her husband Brian Austin Green and their three sons Treasure hunt Jackie Kennedy Onassis, 62, wanted a date with Alec Baldwin when he was 33 - and she got it - her close friend James Hart reveals in his memoir Lucy Mecklenburgh puts on a stylish display in striped shirt dress as she enjoys sun in Los Angeles ahead of Coachella Off-duty glamour Hollywood wives club! Luciana Barroso and Elsa Pataky touch down in Brisbane ahead of reunion with husbands Matt Damon and Chris Hemsworth Charlize Theron uses her 4in spiked heel in epic car fight scene in new Atomic Blonde trailer Plays an undercover MI6 Agent Moving in with Taylor Lautner? Billie Lourd selling $2.3million Santa Monica home... just one year after buying it Loved up with her Scream Queen co-star 'It's not true, any of it': Sugar Bear denies Mama June's abuse allegations claiming she's 'just p***ed over his new marriage Family drama  Working it out! Diane Kruger shows off toned physique after grueling workout...as she steps out solo without new beau Norman Reedus New love Cat who got the cream? Sienna Miller radiates happiness at movie screening... a week after Brad Pitt 'flirting' rumors Looked radiant Hello boys! Former TOWIE star Lauren Pope showcases her incredible physique in powder pink two-piece as she checks into health spa 'Getting Jaden ready!' Will Smith chops off son's dreadlocks on the Toronto set of their film Life in a Year It was a shockingly clean cut look Binky Felstead shows off her growing baby bump in chic jumper dress as she enjoys lunch with MIC co-stars to celebrate Stephanie Pratt's birthday Birthday girl Stephanie Pratt rings in her special day with adorable puppy Max... as she claims looking after her dog is like 'having a child' Puppy love Louis Tomlinson will not be criminally charged for LAX airport brawl and will instead attend informal hearing Singer summoned to the LA City Attorney's office t Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana returns to the home they once shared to deliver toys for their son following shock split This certainly isn't a Victoria's Secret ad! Lingerie model Rachel Hilbert goes bra-less as she poses in a sizzling new photoshoot for Maxim What Car Share needs is a pair of jump leads and a lot more spark: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  Stuck in first gear PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Heavily pregnant Jennifer Metcalfe shows off her bump in floral swimsuit as she enjoys babymoon in Tenerife with beau Greg Lake Friendly exes: Sienna Miller is spotted with former fiance Tom Sturridge in New York.... amid claims Brad Pitt was 'seriously flirting' with her Kelly Rowland flashes her legs in floral frock as she promotes new book in NYC after getting VERY candid about her post-pregnancy body Lea Seydoux flaunts her toned physique in an elegant trouser suit at Louis Vuitton dinner three months after 'giving birth to baby boy George' Leggy beauty Miranda Kerr looks impossibly chic in a prim lace dress and smart leather coat at Louis Vuitton bash in Paris Elegant attire Revealed: Connie Britton was network's top choice to play Kerry Washington's Olivia Pope before Scandal creator insisted on black actress From the Fast and the Furious to R&R: Jordana Brewster stuns in navy polka dot bikini as she hits the beach in Hawaii with her young sons Leading man Larry Lamb cuts a dapper figure as he leads the stars at the premiere of his new movie The Hatton Garden Job in London Heaven sent! Zara Holland shows off enviably toned figure as she promotes new swimwear brand by stomping through London in a bikini Frock star! Jennifer Garner vamps up her look with sexy little black dress and heels on solo outing Swapped her usual casual attire Gigi Hadid plays the modern pin-up girl with big hair and busty Tommy Hilfiger shirt after posing for the brand's new denim line campaign Pregnant Tamsin Egerton displays her baby bump in a loose T-shirt and jeans as she steps out with boyfriend Josh Hartnett Family joy David Beckham is left dripping in sweat following an intense workout session at SoulCycle in Los Angeles  Ripped 'It's a lot of work': Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin share ELLE covers with four other models as they reflect on fashion industry Shared spotlight PICTURED: New mom Irina Shayk steps out for ice cream two weeks after welcoming daughter Lea de Seine with Bradley Cooper Baby joy Trouble and stripe! Michelle Keegan wears skimpy vest top and cropped jeans as she heads out into the sunshine with husband Mark Wright   PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham looks unusually casual as she and husband David wear matching black workout gear during family day out in sun-soaked LA Gerard Butler shows off his softer side with sweet co-star as he continues to film scenes for latest flick Keepers in Scotland Filming continues 'I haven't had any complaints!' Dennis Quaid reveals he has had a threesome, discusses his manhood and admits to calling ex-wife Meg Ryan Baby on the way! Laguna Beach alum Talan Torriero announces he's expecting first child with wife Danielle Baby joy 'A new great love': Grey's Anatomy star Camilla Luddington and her partner Matthew Alan welcome baby daughter Hayden Baby joy Lovely in leather! Make-up free Ashley Graham ditches the glamour for sleek biker jacket and comfy sweatpants Casual So in sync! Christine Lampard and husband Frank step out for shopping spree in matching ensembles... after she confesses to jealousy over her man Oi oi, saveloy! Danniella Westbrook chows down on a meaty treat after going for a jog in the sunshine... ahead of jetting off to Spain for rehab TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou shows off her pert posterior in skinny jeans and a backless top as she steps out after Danielle Armstrong brawl Vin Diesel teams up with Michelle Rodriguez to promote The Fate of the Furious in New York as his secret tribute to Paul Walker in the film is revealed Pink to make 'em wink! Glamorous Pamela Anderson shows off her cleavage in a pastel pencil dress as she sips fizz from her balcony in Venice Liam Gallagher cuts a sporty figure as he goes out and about with girlfriend Debbie Gwyther in London Do you know something we don't? Gemma Arterton is the picture of elegance in white silk trousers and semi-sheer blouse as she discusses Hollywood sexism at BUILD Series interview Model Lily-Rose Depp munches on McNuggets as she makes an emergency fast food pit stop after touching down in Paris Chowing down 'My job is to protect my boys': Jeff Brazier reveals 'awkward' chat about the HPV virus with son Freddy... and admits the vaccine could have saved Jade Goody 'Perfect shades of pink!' Make-up free Sofia Vergara shows colorful cheeks after running a '102 fever' from filming in the rain in Rome 'My greatest fear is becoming fat again': Gary Barlow opens up about his strict diet as reveals he takes home cooked food to work just like the rest of us Helen Skelton and rugby player husband Richie Myler announce the arrival of a second son by posting sweet snap TV presenter gave birth Zara Holland swaps sizzling swimwear for skinny jeans as she steps out in London with her glamorous mum Cheryl following break in Barbados TOWIE's Amber Turner flaunts her toned figure in a skimpy black crop top and leggings as she hits the gym She's been at the centre of several dramas 'They'll never be friends': TOWIE's James Lock reveals girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou and ex Danielle Armstrong haven't spoken since shock brawl 'You only help rich families save money': Viewers blast Susanna Reid's 'budget' cookery show for assisting a couple who spend £205 a week on food Isn't it Spring? Hollyoaks star Nikki Sanderson sports a unseasonably warm bobble hat as she hits the shops in Manchester Feeling the chill? Harry Styles shows off his effortlessly cool style as he arrives in New York ahead of debut solo performance on Saturday Night Live Going solo PICTURED: Tori Spelling rocks casual dungarees as she is spotted out and about for the first time since delivering her FIFTH child Beau 'It looks like he has a skin condition!' Holly Hagan undergoes first round of laser surgery to remove traumatic tattoo of ex Kyle Christie's face Make-up free Danielle Lloyd masks her baby bump during day out with fiancé Michael O'Neill... after revealing they explored gender selection for a daughter 'You looked like JLo': Eamonn Holmes grovels to wife Ruth Langsford after declaring Charlotte Hawkins 'the most beautiful bride he's ever seen' My angels! Drew Barrymore enjoys outing with her sparkly mini-me daughters Olive and Frankie in New York City Out and about 'Twinning with my mommy!' Real Housewives Of New Jersey's Ashlee Holmes wears matching outfits with seven-month-old son 'It's not going to happen!' Lisa Kudrow puts final nail in Friends movie coffin... as she talks about THAT creepy celebrity guest star Ed Sheeran settles $20M lawsuit over hit song Photograph following claims he 'copied and exploited' X Factor winner Matt Cardle's track Amazing  'Time to get lei'd!' Kendra Wilkinson gets a little cheeky as she shares swimsuit snaps with husband Hank Baskett in Hawaii Family break MTV reality star and friend of Jennifer Lawrence, Clay Adler, dies aged 27 after shooting himself in the head in the desert in front of his friends 'I haven't got any boobs': Trinny Woodall embraces her pert bust after baring all in bizarre video... as fans are left 'shocked' by her appearance Michelle Williams looks effortlessly chic as she cosies up in a tan coat for a spring break in Paris after filming new movie in New York City Chic 'Fake abs for $11.81!': Ludacris mocks himself for CGI muscles with link to body prop after fans roast new music video Hit back at critics Bradley Walsh reveals plans to release more music after he beat Zayn Malik to for biggest-selling debut album in Britain Hey, big seller 'So much better than I ever imagined!' Katherine Heigl gushes about her diverse family now she's a mother of three Happy families 'Megan's annoyed I didn't call': TOWIE's Chloe Sims is adamant she owes co-star McKenna nothing over THOSE Pete Wicks rumours Tom Cruise slips into character as he films thrilling action sequences on motorcycle and in a helicopter on set of M:I6 - Mission Impossible 'I'm representing the four-pack': Ludacris jokes about being 'the smallest guy on set' compared to burly F8 co-stars Dwayne Johnson and Vin Diesel A Laurel laughs! Steve Coogan continues to transform into iconic comedy character whilst donning a navy beret for new biopic in Bristol 'Finding a sense of self not just in front of the camera!' Emma Roberts reveals what's next after almost two decades of acting as she stars in style shoot 'Your vajayjay won't look the same': Kelly Rowland candidly details how pregnancy and birth affected her body, from 'bleeding' to 'UFO nipples'  Pregnant Chelsee Healey proudly shows off her burgeoning bump in tight ribbed pink dress as she celebrates 26 weeks milestone Blossoming bump Katie Price defends controversial pictures of daughter Princess, nine, mimicking poses... as she appears with disabled son Harvey to promote anti-bullying 'I remember being hungry and afraid': Simone Biles cries while talking about how she was adopted by her grandparents after birth mother's drug abuse Hop to it! From Tyra Banks' LILAC lips to Kristen Stewart's metallic pink lids, we show you how to wear pastel without looking like an Easter egg No time to make lunch, Pippa? Miss Middleton is spotted carrying goods from a pricey Kensington eatery as the wedding countdown officially begins  Fun day at the office: Paula Patton giggles between takes on set while filming Somewhere Between with co-star Devon Sawa 'Can't wait to marry you!': Julianne Hough gushes about fiancé Brooks Laich as she shares Instagram snap of hockey hunk Paid tribute to her fiance I Got You! Cher causes a commotion at a celebrity hot spot with restaurant workers forming a human wall to keep the diva safe Fans in a frenzy 'This continuity is ridiculous!' EastEnders fans go wild for blunder as they see Michelle Fowler's hair grow INCHES in a matter of minutes 'I don't think the US has changed me': Cat Deeley insists she's still down-to-earth after THAT restaurant rant... but admits she'd only return for huge pay Her two loves! Famke Janssen enjoys leisurely bike ride with boyfriend Cole Frates and her beloved pet pooch Licorice Sporty Kate Beckinsale, 43, shows off age-defying physique in sizzling selfie as bikini-clad daughter Lily, 18, proves good looks run in the family in beach snap 'She had a similar shape to mine': Tracee Ellis Ross credits Jennifer Lopez for improving her self image after years of 'idolizing skinny models' Peru Two drug mule Michaella McCollum dons a very skimpy dress as she enjoys the nightlife on party isle Ibiza with a friend Partying in style Don't be a Coachella cliché! FEMAIL recreates looks that cool girls Zoë Kravitz, Kendall Jenner and Taylor Swift wear to the annual music festival  'This is a real riot': Orange Is The New Black season five teaser picks up on Daya Diaz's gun-wielding cliff-hanger Dramatic 'There's nothing sexier than life experience': Connie Britton, 50, talks ageing in Hollywood as she flaunts her legs on cover of Good Housekeeping Robert Kardashian KNEW OJ Simpson was guilty claims Caitlyn Jenner but joined defense team to get back at his recently remarried ex Kris  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Johnny Depp turns director as he toys with camera before puffing a cigarette while playing cop in LAbyrinth Portrays LAPD detective Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Wal-Mart offers discounts for online orders picked up in store News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Wal-Mart offers discounts for online orders picked up in store Wal-Mart Stores Inc will offer 'pickup discounts' to U.S. shoppers on items they order online and pick up in-store, as it revamps its e-commerce offerings at a faster pace to close the gap with larger rival Amazon.com Inc. Posted 12 Apr 2017 12:10 A man talks on his mobile phone in front of a Wal-Mart store in Sao Paulo, Brazil, February 16, 2016. To match Insight WALMART-BRAZIL/ REUTERS/Nacho Doce Conveyors are seen at a Wal-Mart Stores Inc distribution centers in Bentonville, Arkansas June 6, 2013. REUTERS/Rick Wilking/File Photo prev next prev next Thumbnail Enlarge Caption  Email More A A CHICAGO: Wal-Mart Stores Inc will offer 'pickup discounts' to U.S. shoppers on items they order online and pick up in-store, as it revamps its e-commerce offerings at a faster pace to close the gap with larger rival Amazon.com Inc. Online orders picked up in store already qualify for no shipping charges since the retailer saves on shipping fees. The latest discounts come on top of that. For example, a Vizio 70-inch 4K Ultra HD television priced at US$1,698 for store pick up will qualify for an additional discount of US$50. Marc Lore, head of Wal-Mart's e-commerce operations, told Reuters in an interview on Tuesday he expects the move to boost transactions online and improve customer traffic in stores. "This is a very material change in the value proposition we are offering customers," he said. Lore said Wal-Mart is able to offer these discounts as it is able to eliminate delivery costs by leveraging its fleet of more than 6,700 trucks to deliver products from warehouses to stores. The decision to offer these discounts is the latest move by Lore to revamp an existing e-commerce offering from Wal-Mart. The change is expected to improve the retailer's competitive advantage by making its 4,700 U.S. stores more relevant to shoppers in a digital age, analysts said. Lore has been at the forefront of bold moves Wal-Mart has undertaken to challenge Amazon since he took charge of the retailer's struggling online business in August, after Wal-Mart acquired Jet.com, a company Lore founded, for over US$3 billion. Since then he has acquired three online retailers, shuffled Wal-Mart's e-commerce decks and made two-day shipping free on all online orders over US$35, without any membership fees, to compete with Amazon's popular Prime shipping program. These moves are in line with the broader push by Wal-Mart's Chief Executive Doug McMillon to give the retailer an even more dominant position in U.S. e-commerce. Wal-Mart has been investing in e-commerce for the past 15 years, but it still lags far behind its Seattle-based rival. Starting April 19, Wal-Mart will offer pickup discounts on 10,000 items and on more than 1 million products by June. In a separate blog post, Mark Ibbotson, executive vice president of central operations, said Wal-Mart is expanding its same-day pick up service and is rolling out a pick-up tower - a giant vending machine that delivers packages ordered online when a customer enters a bar code - to more stores. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; Editing by Himani Sarkar) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video BRIEF-West Mountain Environmental executes letter of intent with Walker Mc... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Tue Apr 11, 2017 | 10:19pm EDT BRIEF-West Mountain Environmental executes letter of intent with Walker McNeil Group of Companies April 11 West Mountain Environmental Corp: * West Mountain Environmental executes letter of intent with Walker McNeil Group of Companies * West Mountain Environmental - under terms of LOI WMGOC will invest up to CDN$14 million in company with CDN$7.0 million to be invested within next 90 days * West Mountain Environmental - LOI provides for purchase by WMGOC of 50 million shares of WMT from treasury at $0.05 per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News METALS-London copper slips as North Korea tensions grow (Adds comment, detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, April 12 London copper eased on Wednesday amid heightening geopolitical tensions with North Korea, but held above two-week lows hit in the previous session on hopes demand will heat up during the second quarter. North Korean state media warned on Tuesday of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression, as a U.S. Navy strike group steamed toward the western Pacific. The n GLOBAL MARKETS-Skittish investors seek safe harbour in yen, gold, bonds SYDNEY, April 12 Investors ducked for cover on Wednesday as a drumbeat of alarming geopolitical news sent the safe-haven yen and gold to five-month highs and yields on top-rated sovereign bonds to their lowest for the year so far. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Wal-Mart eliminating hundreds of corporate jobs: source AFPApril 11, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Walmart's new cuts will affect employees in the international division, its technology services division and in its Sam's Club business (AFP Photo/SCOTT OLSON)More New York (AFP) - Wal-Mart Stores is eliminating hundreds of corporate jobs in a cost-cutting move, a person familiar with the matter said Tuesday. The cuts will affect employees in Wal-Mart's international division, its technology services division and in its Sam's Club business. The layoffs are centered in administrative functions, said the person, confirming a story in the Wall Street Journal. Wal-Mart has been targeting e-commerce growth and looking to offset increased spending in that realm with belt-tightening elsewhere. "To fuel our growth and our investments we have to manage our costs and our capital decisions with discipline," a Wal-Mart spokesman said. "In order to achieve this, from time to time you'll see the company eliminate positions in an effort to stay lean and fast. In some areas, we'll invest in new positions but in other cases, we'll operate more efficiently and work to change our processes and become more digital to change the work itself." Wal-Mart, the world's biggest retailer, cut 1,000 administrative and e-commerce jobs at the start of 2017, even as it pledged to create 10,000 jobs in the United States. In 2016, Wal-Mart cut 18,000 jobs through store closures and automation. Some of the workers affected by those cuts found posts elsewhere at the company. Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Passenger Dragged Off United Plane Identified as CEO 'Emphatically' Stands Behind Employees 2737 reactions3%72%25% Syrians protest U.S. airstrikes and more: April 11 in photos 171 reactions1%72%27% This was United’s real mistake 6009 reactions4%71%25% MTV Reality Star Clay Adler Commits Suicide 2159 reactions8%59%33% Henri Cartier-Bresson’s India: Father of modern photojournalism’s rarely seen photos 19 reactions31%58%11% Miami Marlins game delayed after cat runs onto the field 8 reactions0%43%57% Catch this recent episode of ABC World News Tonight With David Muir Woman Speaks Out Against Brother Who Raped Her as a Child 1035 reactions5%68%27% LeBron James and some of the NBA's biggest stars reportedly have 'disdain' toward Stephen Curry that he doesn't understand 220 reactions8%56%36% New video apparently shows bloodied United passenger returning to plane after being forcibly removed 11014 reactions3%71%26% 10 most endangered rivers in the United States for 2017 50 reactions5%71%24% Sean Spicer in the hot seat after downplaying the horror of the Holocaust 59 reactions3%67%30% Catch this recent episode of ABC Nightline Vin Diesel and Dwayne Johnson's 'The Fate of the Furious' Feud: A Complete Timeline 705 reactions4%73%23% United Airlines loses $950 million in market value as shares tumble 3518 reactions5%73%22% Navy SEAL's book on the bin Laden killing shows the real reason photos of the body were never released 3004 reactions3%70%27% Gabby Giffords on San Bernardino school shooting: Events like this are no longer ‘unimaginable’ Nunya Wizekrap: Another half-wit who will never understand that criminals don't follow gun laws ... no mater how many or how strict! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 3.3k
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Wal-Mart Cuts Several Hundred Jobs ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Wal-Mart Cuts Several Hundred Jobs By Sarah Nassauer Published April 11, 2017 Retail Dow Jones Newswires Facebook Twitter Print FILE PHOTO -- Shopping carts are seen outside a new Wal-Mart Express store in Chicago July 26, 2011. REUTERS/John Gress/File Photo (Copyright Reuters 2017) Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is cutting hundreds of corporate jobs this month, following similar layoffs earlier this year, as the retail giant looks for ways to save as it spends billions to improve its e-commerce operations and existing stores. Continue Reading Below The cuts fell broadly Tuesday and over the past few days on the international side of Wal-Mart's business, as well as its technology group and at its warehouse chain Sam's Club, according to people familiar with the matter. Wal-Mart's chief executive Doug McMillon has told analysts that the company's efforts to compete with Amazon.com Inc. would mean a renewed commitment to low-cost operations, including some layoffs. The move adds to a string of job cuts and layoffs over the last year. Earlier this year Wal-Mart cut about 1,000 corporate jobs, including 200 in its e-commerce department. Since early 2016, Wal-Mart has cut more than 18,000 U.S. jobs through closing stores, trimming staffing at some store locations and cutting jobs at its headquarters. Around 11,000 of those employees found different jobs within the company, a spokesman said. In a statement, Wal-Mart said "we will continue to find ways to operate more efficiently and effectively, true to our cost-conscious heritage. In order to achieve this, from time to time you'll see the company eliminate positions in an effort to stay lean and fast." Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Wednesday, April 12, 2017 2:57 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 34°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Wal-Mart eliminating hundreds of corporate jobs Wednesday April 12, 2017 08:54 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Thai junta to lift political party ban for 2018 polls The Edit: Science behind why shoelaces come undone The Edit: New ‘Baby Driver’ clip takes Ansel Elgort on a high-speed chase The Edit: Sheila Majid to perform in KL Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Gibu Thomas, senior vice-president for mobile and digital Walmart Global eCommerce, answers a question at a Wal-mart media presentation in Rogers, Arkansas in this file photo taken June 5, 2014 ReutersNEW YORK, April 12 — Wal-Mart Stores is eliminating hundreds of corporate jobs in a cost-cutting move, a person familiar with the matter said yesterday. The cuts will affect employees in Wal-Mart’s international division, its technology services division and in its Sam’s Club business. The layoffs are centered in administrative functions, said the person, confirming a story in the Wall Street Journal. Wal-Mart has been targeting e-commerce growth and looking to offset increased spending in that realm with belt-tightening elsewhere. “To fuel our growth and our investments we have to manage our costs and our capital decisions with discipline,” a Wal-Mart spokesman said.  “In order to achieve this, from time to time you’ll see the company eliminate positions in an effort to stay lean and fast. In some areas, we’ll invest in new positions but in other cases, we’ll operate more efficiently and work to change our processes and become more digital to change the work itself.” Wal-Mart, the world’s biggest retailer, cut 1,000 administrative and e-commerce jobs at the start of 2017, even as it pledged to create 10,000 jobs in the United States. In 2016, Wal-Mart cut 18,000 jobs through store closures and automation. Some of the workers affected by those cuts found posts elsewhere at the company. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Wal-Mart eliminating hundreds of corporate jobs Short-term rates expected to remain stable Ringgit opens at 4.4300/4350 against US greenback Nikkei falls to lowest since early December as yen surges Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Malaysian-based I Synergy puts expansion plan in place Petronas pitches RM4.4b offshore gas project stake to oil firms, sources say Stocks spooked, safe-haven assets jump as US missiles strike Syria Demand for Malaysian palm oil set to rebound, says Council Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: ‘Stop staring,’ says Caitlyn Jenner, announcing genital surgery Reuters Video: San Bernadino killer ‘not the kind of person you thought he was’, says victim’s mother Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Bloomberg Video: Zhang Yimou on why ‘The Great Wall’ bombed at the box office Reuters Video: World anger at suspected Syria gas attack Related Articles KL shares trade higher at mid-day as market rebounds Tepid on risk-off mood, Singapore and Malaysia slip KL shares turn higher at mid-morning KL shares traded sideways on lack of fresh leads Short-term rates expected to remain stable Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 45° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today A mainly sunny sky. High 74F. Winds SE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy. Low 54F. Winds SE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: April 12, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close AP Photo/Jae C. Hong Wal-Mart eliminates more corporate jobs By Nandita Bose • Reuters 5 hrs ago (…) AP Photo/Jae C. Hong CHICAGO • Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said on Tuesday it is eliminating more U.S. corporate jobs this month, even as it invests in improving its e-commerce operations and in regaining its low-cost pricing advantage in the U.S. retail sector. Wal-Mart confirmed the latest round of job cuts, which will involve "hundreds" of positions in its international and technology businesses, along with its Sam's Club warehouse chain. "As we said in January, to fuel our growth and our investments we have to manage our costs and our capital decisions with discipline," Wal-Mart spokesman Randy Hargrove said. "This means we will continue to find ways to operate more efficiently and effectively." He gave no details on the number of positions to be eliminated. Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Who's hired? Check our People in Business The Wall Street Journal first reported the move on Tuesday. Wal-Mart's job cuts started in 2016 when the retailer said it was eliminating 7,000 back-office positions and moving more of its workforce to the sales floor. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart cut more than a 1,000 corporate positions, mostly in its human resources department.  Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Wal-mart Commerce Economics Work Job View (…) comments Most popular Stores are closing at a pace that rivals the last U.S. recession Another St. Louis company sold: Panera Bread goes for $7.5 billion Brothers turn toward the unconventional with St. Charles County shrimp farm The troubles at the American mall are coming to a boil St. Louis isn't alone in losing corporate headquarters Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News The 2016 Holiday Hiring Season: Higher Wages Ahead Train Your Team to be a Recruiting Machine Flexible Scheduling for Today’s Seasonal Workers Customer Service Strategies that Help Maximize Holiday Sales Signing High Demand Talent: Intel from Staffing Experts Latest in section Wal-Mart eliminates more corporate jobs Senate advances new rules for Uber and Lyft, nixes fingerprint checks for local taxis U.S. stock indexes end little changed; oil price recovers Laclede Gas files first rate increase in four years Volkswagen offers 6-year warranty to win back U.S. customers Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Look for our new section in Sunday's Post-Dispatch. Nominations for the 2017 awards are now open Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Deals Clearance Toys at Walmart: Over 2,100 toys + free shipping w/ $35 Clearance Toys at Walmart: Over 2,100 toys + free shipping w/ $35 Published: 6 hours ago / Buy Now $25 Buy Now Walmart discounts a selection of over 2,100 toys marked as Clearance, Rollback, and Special Buy items, with prices starting at $1.60. Opt for in-store pickup to dodge the $5.99 shipping charge, or spend $35 or more to receive free shipping. Shop a variety of discounted brands, including Disney, Fisher-Price, LEGO, Hot Wheels, and My Little Pony. A couple of best bets, both available for pickup: VTech Around Town Baby Driver for $11 (same at Amazon, low by $2) Fisher-Price Little People Sit 'n Stand Skyway for $25 (pictured, same at Amazon, low by $4) facebook twitter googleplus linkedin more more + comments 0 email tumblr stumble reddit pinterest digg Related Deals SEE ALL Fisher-Price Toys at Toys"R"Us: Buy 1, get 2nd free + free shipping w/ $29 Pokemon XY Evolutions Elite Trainer Box for $32 + pickup at Walmart Crazon 1/32 Mini Pocket 20KM/h RC Racing Car for $19 + free shipping Radio Flyer Blaze Interactive Horse Ride-On for $99 + free shipping Popular deals Roadshow's Jump Start Giveaway CheapCruises Balcony Blowout Sale from $279 per person Denon AVR-X3300 7.2 IN-Command AV Receiver - $999.99 PNY 240GB Internal Solid State Drive - $64.99 LEGO Mindstorms EV3 - $349.99 Web Hosting & Services Solutions Your destination for all things hosting and more! Find the best providers, plans and deals, learn what you need to know to build your web presence and optimize your site. Use our comparison tools and speed test, get support in our forums and much more. Learn more! CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • Business •  Markets Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Business > Walmart bringing more than 500 jobs to Alabama Walmart bringing more than 500 jobs to Alabama Wednesday, 29 March 2017 (2 weeks ago) Walmart on Wednesday announced plans to build a $135 million distribution center in Mobile, a move projected to create 550 full-time jobs. The new storage and cross-dock facility will be the retail giant's fourth distribution center in-state and likely provide a significant boost to the Port of Mobile. Construction on the 2.5 million-square-foot distribution facility is expected to take 14 months. Once finished, the facility will support roughly 800 Walmart locations. “We are excited about how… » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Fortune - 1 week ago< > Embed Behind Walmart's Gender Bias Problem 02:49 And why companies need to pay attention. You Might Like Recent related news Wal-Mart continues to eliminate corporate jobs: reportCHICAGO (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc is eliminating more corporate jobs this month, the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday, citing people familiar with... Reuters 3 hours ago - BusinessAlso reported by •Sify •Globe and Mail •MarketWatch Other recent news in Business UNITED AIRLINES: An abject lesson in how not to behave in a crisis United Airlines faces fallout after viral video shows PASSENGER DRAGGED off overbooked plane (Video) UNITED CEO apologises for 'horrific event', reports the plane was not 'overbooked' Retirees want Britirements after BREXIT vote King of Trainers JD SPORTS posts regal returns Group of six LONDON pubs sold to the Laine Pub Company for around £4m GOOGLE Refutes Charges, Says There Is No Gender Pay Gap TOSHIBA's survival in doubt amid Westinghouse troubles NORTH KOREA's Parliament Meets, With Kim Jong Un at Center New Orleans-based law firm opens its first Georgia OFFICE in Buckhead Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Bashar al-Assad Barack Obama Vladimir Putin Katy Perry Current Topics Sean Spicer Dortmund United Airlines Holocaust Soccer Team Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: Ghost in the Shell This Cuban Wine Is Being 'Protected'.. And Not In The Way You'd Imagine! MOVIE REVIEW: Table 19 Which Iconic Villain Is Returning To Doctor Who? Which Sport Is Taking Up 3D Printing - And Soon? Will The Next Generation Of TRUMPs Be Entering Politics? How Frozen Could Have Ended - And Why We're Glad It Didn't Fancy Seeing Transformers 19? Give It Time Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Connect with Snopes TOP TAGS: ASP Articledonald trumpbarack obamahillary clintonNot Necessarily The Newsanimalselection 2016fake newspoliticsmusichoaxesMoviesfacebooksomething for nothingRadio & TVTelevision What’s New Hot 50 Fact Check News Video Archive About FAQ Glossary Contact Random What's New Hot 50 Fact Check News Video Archive Automobiles Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Media Matters Medical Military Questionable Quotes Racial Rumors Radio & TV Religion Risqué Business Science September 11th Sports Travel Weddings About FAQ Glossary Contact Random Automobiles Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Media Matters Medical Military Questionable Quotes Racial Rumors Radio & TV Religion Risqué Business Science September 11th Sports Travel Weddings Get the Newsletter Get in Contact Thank you for signing up: User@email.com Sign up for the Snopes.com newsletter and get daily updates on all the best rumors, news and legends delivered straight to your inbox. cancel Know of a rumor you want investigated? Press related inquiry? Lonely and just want to chat? Select from one of these options to get in touch with us: Submit a Rumor Website Feedback Advertising Inquiry cancel 15K Fact Check Crime Parking Lot Perfume Robbers Long-standing crime warning holds that thieves are trolling parking lots and rendering their victims unconscious with perfume samples. 15K CLAIM Robbers in shopping mall parking lots are using ether-filled perfume bottles to render their victims unconscious. false RATING false ORIGIN For nearly twenty years now, Internet users have been immersed in warnings advising them to be wary of persons attempting to sell perfume in store parking lots: PLEASE PASS THIS ALONG TO YOUR WOMEN FRIENDS!!! I was approached yesterday afternoon around 3:30pm in the Wal-Mart parking lot at Forest Drive, by two males, asking what kind of perfume I was wearing. Then they asked if I’d like to sample some fabulous scent they were willing to sell me at a very reasonable rate. I probably would have agreed had I not received an email some weeks ago, warning of a “wanna smell this neat perfume?” scam. The men continued to stand between parked cars, I guess to wait for someone else to hit on. I stopped a lady going towards them, pointed at them, and told her about how I was sent an e-mail at work about someone walking up to you at the malls or in parking lots, and asking you to SNIFF PERFUME that they are selling at a cheap price. THIS IS NOT PERFUME – IT IS ETHER! When you sniff it, you’ll pass out. And they’ll take your wallet, your valuables, and heaven knows what else. If it were not for this e-mail, I probably would have sniffed the “perfume”. But thanks to the generosity of an emailing friend, I was spared whatever might have happened to me. I wanted to do the same for you. PASS THIS ALONG TO ALL YOUR WOMEN FRIENDS, AND PLEASE BE ALERT, AND AWARE!! The scenario described above isn’t a real danger. No one has reported having been robbed in this manner, save for one woman in 1999 whose claim was suspect (for reasons we discuss below). This legend doesn’t even describe a plausible scenario because, despite what books and television shows may depict, rendering a person unconscious from a mere sniff or two of some substance is not easy to do. Ether is nasty, volatile stuff that requires a great deal more than a few brief inhalations to knock a person out. In fact, it’s hard to think of any substance that could produce the instant unconsciousness described here. This legend appears to have begun in late 1999 with a widely-circulated Internet message that used one specific news report as a basis for implying that ether-wielding robbers were a potentially widespread menace: Watch out-this is for real! I just heard on the radio about a lady that was asked to sniff a bottle of perfume that another woman was selling for $8.00 (In a mall parking lot). She told the story that it was her last bottle of perfume that regularly sells for $49.00 but she was getting rid of it for only $8.00, sound legitimate? That’s what the victim thought, but when she awoke she found out that her car had been moved to another parking area and she was missing all her money that was in her wallet (total of $800.00). Pretty steep for a sniff of perfume! Anyway, the perfume wasn’t perfume at all, it was some kind of ether or strong substance to cause anyone who breathes the fumes to black out. SO, Please beware … Christmas time is coming and we will be going to malls shopping and we will have cash on us. Ladies, please don’t be so trusting of others and beware of your surroundings-ALWAYS! Obey your instincts! The incident described above was “real” in the sense that a Mobile, Alabama, woman claimed it happened to her on 8 November 1999 and reported the alleged robbery to the police, but it’s false in that no evidence ever surfaced to verify her story. Bertha Johnson, a 54-year-old Mobile woman, maintained that at about 2:00 PM on Monday, 8 November, she had pulled into the parking lot of a bank when a woman approached her car and offered to sell her bottles of cologne that ordinarily retail for $45 for the low price of $8. Ms. Johnson says she sniffed a sample of the cologne, and the next thing she knew it was around half an hour later, she was standing with her keys in her hand at a wicker store two miles away from the bank, her head was throbbing, and $800 she had been carrying ($500 of her own money plus $300 of her employer’s) was missing. However, her claim had some surface implausibilities: Ms. Johnson was allegedly robbed on her way into a bank. How did the robber know she had a significant amount of money on her? Not everybody walks into a bank with a wad of cash — was the robber simply choosing random victims in the hopes of hitting on one who did? If so, how come no one else has reported being the victim of such a robbery attempt? We have to assume that this is a brand new crime scheme, and that the perpetrator hit the jackpot on the very first try (and apparently hasn’t used it since). As Dr. Matthew Barnhill, a toxicologist with the Alabama Department of Forensic Sciences noted, it’s difficult to imagine what substance could have been used to cause someone to pass out so quickly from a single sniff. Any drug or chemical that could immediately knock a victim out merely through his inhaling it (rather than ingesting or injecting it) would have to be quite potent indeed. We might also consider that Ms. Johnson was carrying money belonging to her employer at the time of the alleged robbery, and that pretending to be robbed while carrying someone else’s money is a classic theft scheme. As well, when she allegedly “came to” following the assault, she was not sitting in her car, but “standing up” with her “keys in her hand.” Maybe she did regain consciousness in stages, passing through a state similar to sleepwalking before becoming fully aware again. On the other hand, waking up in a car isn’t likely to draw much attention, but showing up in a parking lot, wandering around in a dazed state, will almost certainly create a few believable witnesses who will remember having “found” a crime victim. Sure enough, several weeks later the toxicology reports concerning tests run on blood and urine samples taken from Ms. Johnson immediately after the alleged attack did not indicate the presence of any unusual or abnormal substance in her system. The case remained officially open, but this one smelled like a scam cooked up by Ms. Johnson to abscond with her employer’s money. Now, in true urban legend fashion, this tale has gone from a news report of an alleged victim’s unsubstantiated story to a general warning that this sort of thing might happen to you to a specific warning that this type of robbery is actually happening. It isn’t happening though, and it probably never did, not even once. It’s interesting to see how little occurrences that aren’t even part of the scenario described are now being reported as evidence of narrow brushes with these non-existent robbers. For example, the following was prefaced to one e-mailed example: Some of you got this email some weeks ago like me. I just wanted to pass along that I was approached yesterday afternoon at around 3:30 p.m. in the Wal-Mart parking lot at Forest Drive by 2 males asking what kind of perfume I was wearing. I didn’t stop to answer them and kept walking toward the store. At the same time I remembered this email. The men continued to stand between parked cars — I guess to wait on someone else to hit on. I stopped a lady going toward them, pointed at them, and told her what they might ask and NOT to let them get near her. When that happened, the men and a lady (I don’t know where she came from!) started walking the other way toward their car parked in far corner of the parking lot. I thank Jane Shirey for passing this along — it might have saved me from a robbery. I’m passing this along to you’all so you can warn the women in your life to watch out for this … Now, men asking passing women about the perfume they’re wearing isn’t at all the same thing as crooks using rigged perfume bottles to knock out their victims. The fact is, some companies (such as Scentura) do hire people to sell perfume door-to-door or in parking lots, and some of these salespeople do indeed work in pairs, pitch their wares from cars, and employ aggressive sales tactics (which include approaching women and asking them what kind of perfume they have on). But now that this legend is circulating, people dutifully report any sighting of perfume-selling strangers in parking lots as “proof” of this fictional crime wave of ether-bearing robbers being real. Indeed, we routinely receive e-mails from women who have had encounters with folks vending perfume in parking lots and who have concluded (based on nothing but spurious rumor) that they were about to be robbed. They write to report we’re all wrong about this sort of robbery not taking place because hadn’t they themselves almost had it happen to them? That no “knockout potions” were offered to them and no robberies (completed or attempted) took place does little to dissuade them from their certainty that they came within a hair’s breadth of harm at the hands of some innocent freelance perfume sellers. We wrote the original article about this rumor in 2000. As far along as April 2006, Alabama police were still having to field reports on this non-existent form of crime and inform the public that it’s a hoax: Police are debunking as a hoax reports of a man trying to use ether to abduct a young girl outside Eastdale Mall. Capt. Huey Thornton said the report, generated in an e-mail circulating throughout Montgomery, is false. Thornton said the people named in the e-mail asserted their daughter was approached by a man outside the mall, but that details of the e-mail have been “significantly embellished.” The e-mail states that investigators told the couple a man posing as a perfume salesman had asked other young girls to “smell the perfume on his hand,” which turned out to be ether. “The Montgomery Police Department is not familiar with any cases in the city where a subject matching the description in the e-mail has approached anyone posing as a perfume salesman or any cases where ether has been involved.” Since 2000 (when we wrote our original article), we’ve been keeping our ears and eyes open for news of any instances of this sort of robbery happening in real life. So far, the closest thing to arise is a July 2008 case in a town in Louisiana. In Houma, Louisiana, a woman named Patches Wegmann was arrested after two men she plied with cologne claimed to have suffered ill effects from what she’d had them breathe in. The first said she accosted him, sprayed a cologne sample on a piece of paper, and waved it under his nose. Subsequently, after he returned to work, he passed out, his symptoms including dizziness, shortness of breath, and numbness in his extremities. The second said the cologne’s fumes left him feeling light-headed, and it irritated his skin. Wegmann was charged with second-degree battery and unlawful solicitation, but the battery charge has to do with forcing perfume samples upon unwilling parties, not because there was anything necessarily noxious in the substance she forced upon them. The incident remains under investigation, and authorities say it’s not clear that anything other than perfume was sprayed on either man. In 2001 a false Internet rumor about seven women having died after sniffing perfume samples sent to them in the mail spread in the wake of the September 11 attacks. This newer rumor was a combination of two older and equally baseless scares: the 1999 “perfume robbers” tale (which is the topic of the article above) and the 2000 Klingerman Virus warning about blue virus-laden sponges mailed in envelopes marked “A gift for you from the Klingerman Foundation” which supposedly caused 23 deaths. The 2001 “deadly perfume samples” rumor brought into play the specter of lurking terrorists using the U.S. mail system to murder the innocent in a women-targeted replay of the anthrax mailings horror. The “deadly perfume samples” rumor is distinct and indeed far removed from the “perfume robbers” one, yet folks are prone to confuse the two because they both use the word ‘perfume.’ Snopes Delivered to Your Inbox: Feedback Fact Checker: David Mikkelson Featured Image: Shutterstock Published: Mar 1st, 2000 Updated: Apr 11th, 2017 Hot off the press, straight to your inbox View All Featured Video DidPresidentObama‘Stiff’theWrongWaiter? Fact Check Fake News Apr 7th, 2017 A fake news item claimed President Obama failed to tip a prominent Chicago businessman filling in as a waiter at Lawry's. View All Most Searched 2K Did Ben Carson Discover $500 Billion in Accounting Errors at HUD? Fact Check Apr 7th, 2017 An audit of Housing and Urban Development's books was carried out by the Office of the Inspector General and found an aggregate of billions in accounting errors. 51 United States Launches Missile Strikes in Syria News Political News Apr 6th, 2017 Dozens of missiles were deployed against a military airfield in an abrupt policy change by the Trump administration. 0 Prayer Request: Child Shot by Nail Gun Fact Check Inboxer Rebellion Updated A prayer request about a 22-month-old child who shot himself in the heart with a nail gun is several years old. 0 Man Found Dead in Belly of Python? News Tragedies Mar 29th, 2017 Police in Indonesia say that a missing man's body was discovered inside a seven-meter-long python. 5 Passenger Dragged by Force From a United Flight News Apr 10th, 2017 Airport police bloodied a man's lip as they pulled him out of his seat to make room for United employees flying standby. View All Most Shared 23K Chair of House Science Committee Says the Journal ‘Science’ Is Not Objective News Political News Mar 29th, 2017 Chairman Lamar Smith dismissed commentary presented during testimony on climate change because it came from the journal Science — one of the oldest and most prestigious scientific publications in existence. 2K Did Ben Carson Discover $500 Billion in Accounting Errors at HUD? Fact Check Apr 7th, 2017 An audit of Housing and Urban Development's books was carried out by the Office of the Inspector General and found an aggregate of billions in accounting errors. 4K Is President Donald Trump Considering Resignation? Fact Check Mar 31st, 2017 A number of web sites are citing a tweet about President's Trump's possible resignation that contains only hearsay. 120K Executive Salaries in Charities Fact Check Business Updated An article that compares the salaries of top executives of several large charitable organizations is mostly outdated and inaccurate. 57K Bananas Injected with HIV-Infected Blood? Fact Check Food Updated Photographs show discolored bananas that have likely fallen prey to a fungus, not to being injected with HIV-infected human blood. More from Snopes What’s New Hot 50 Random About Us Fact Check FAQ News Glossary RSS Feed Video Contact Message Board Urban Legends Reference Pages© 1995- by snopes.com | This material may not be reproduced without permission | Snopes and the snopes.com logo are registered service marks of snopes.com Your Email Address Message 
				 OK Your Name Your Email Address Your Friend's Address 
				 OK Copy this http://www.snopes.com/crime/warnings/perfume.asp ×
Wed, Apr 12, 2017 Keyword           News Local News from NewsRadio WGNS CBS National News CBS News MoneyWatch CBS World News Headlines CBS Tech - Science News CBS Entertainment News CBS Health News Obituaries WGNS History Weather Sports MTSU Sports Blue Raider Insider Report with Chip Walters Salutes Good Neighbor of the Day Educator of the Month Demos' Emergency Responder of the Week St. Thomas Heart for Healing Toot's Salutes Local Volunteers Schedule Event Calendar Swap N' Shop WGNS Advertising WGNS History Past Christmas Parades Contact Listen Live Local Info Obituaries (Listen Now) WGNS History Christmas Parade Pictures Support Local Art Churches Local Officials Links On Demand Action Line Truman Show Rutherford Issues Financial Coaching Radio All Sports Talk High School Games MTSU Games High School Coaches Show MTSU Coaches Shows Rutherford Home Show The PI Program with Ed Raymer ArmChair Quarterback Show Uptown Talk with Thom Christy Greenhouse Ministries Receives grant from Walmart Published: April 11, 2017   Email   Print Greenhouse Ministries accepted a grant for $2,000 from Wal-Mart Stores Inc. store 2757 located in Murfreesboro. The grant allows Greenhouse Ministries' to further enhance their Learning Center programs by providing the funds for educational materials and operating costs. This includes every adult education class from sewing to budgeting that Greenhouse Ministries offers, all free of charge. Greenhouse Ministries' Investor Relations Specialist, Sarah Gwinn, describes the excitement from receiving the grant. "We are very grateful for this education grant from our local Wal-Mart store," Gwinn said. "Store 2757's investment in our students' future is invaluable as students seek to improve their lives and employment prospects with education. With this funding, we will be able to provide our adult education students with high quality evidence-based educational materials that can help them to thrive in our community." Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Assistant Store Manager of store 2757, Kelvin Sales, also recognizes the benefits of this grant. "Wal-Mart is very excited in the opportunity to support a great organization such as Greenhouse Ministries, which prides itself in doing great works within our community," Sales said. "We look forward to our partnership with Greenhouse Ministries in an effort to impact our community in positive and productive ways." Greenhouse Ministries is a nonprofit organization that offers a holistic approach to helping people. Greenhouse Ministries offers to help, educate and connect. Greenhouse helps by providing food, clothes, toiletries, household items, legal clinic, nursing clinic, and much more. Greenhouse educates by offering classes from budgeting to GED tutoring. Greenhouse connects by connecting clients with jobs, housing and other resources. Greenhouse was co-founded by Cliff and Jane Sharp in 1999 after the couple worked for the local pregnancy center and had a calling to serve those in need. Seventeen years later, Greenhouse Ministries has thrived and acquires donations of food, furniture and clothing every day, and every day the organization provides those items for individuals and families in need. Built on Christian principles, the motto of Greenhouse is "planting hope in the 'Boro," and the organization strives to help clients go from needing to giving back. Related Articles Greenhouse Ministries handed out close to 500 turkeys to families in need Volunteer to Help or Receive Free Food This Saturday FREE Flu Shots at Greenhouse Ministries on Wednesday Greenhouse Ministries Raises $81,000 for Capital Campaign Greenhouse Ministries Announces GameDay Tailgating event on Sept. 12 Greenhouse Ministries Hosts 40 Days of Prayer Garden Patch Thrift Shoppe Hosts Fall Fashion Reveal The Annual Bike Repair Day at Greenhouse Ministries is Saturday (6/4/16) Volunteer at Greenhouse Ministries in Murfreesboro Mayor's Prayer Breakfast is on May 5, 2016 Read more from: News Tags: Greenhouse        Email   Print WGNS Weather Eye Forecast Murfreesboro, TN weather ADVERTISEMENT Tweets by @WGNSRadio ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Rutherford County News Since 1947 eNews and Updates Have Local News Delivered To Your Inbox Subscribe to our RSS Feed Prep Baseball & Softball Coverage Friday, March 17, 2017 9:29 pm Thursday, April 13 Stewarts Creek at Siegel Baseball 5:50pm airtime Tuesday, April 18 Riverdale at Oakland Baseball 5:50pm airtime Thursday, April 20 Blackman at Oakland Softball 6:20pm airtime   On Air News Register Now Login Search Your Opinion Administration Copyright Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Service Sales Links Contact Us    WGNS Radio - Serving Murfreesboro and Rutherford County, TN Since 1947 Copyright © 2013 by Murfreesboro News and Radio Powered by Bondware News Publishing Software The browser you are using is outdated! You may not be getting all you can out of your browsing experience and may be open to security risks! Consider upgrading to the latest version of your browser or choose on below: Mozilla Firefox Google Chrome Ok X Log In to Murfreesboro News and Radio Welcome to the site. Please login. Username/Email: Password: Login Not a Member? Click here to register! Forgot your username or password? Click Here
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Stoxx 600 ▲ 381.18 -0.02%   Nikkei ▲ 18552.61 -1.04%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.298%   Crude Oil ▲ 53.52 0.22%   Euro ▲ 1.0615 0.09%   DJIA ▲ 20651.30 -0.03%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Uber’s PR Chief Exits in Time <br/> of Tumult Samsung Delays English Product Bill O’Reilly Says He Is Taking Easter Break United CEO Apologizes to Passenger Tesla Value ‘Inexplicable,’ Says AutoNation CEO Kenya’s Tech Hub Gets a Makeover Dutch Deal Would Unite Biking Brands Toshiba Warns It May Be Unable to Stay in Business The A-Hed Elon Musk Has an Awkward Problem at Tesla: Employee Parking The Danger of Being Too Good at Your Job Job Seekers Are Customers, Too Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Wal-Mart Cuts Several Hundred Jobs Latest round of layoffs hits international side of business, technology and Sam’s Club By Sarah Nassauer Sarah Nassauer The Wall Street Journal BiographySarah Nassauer @sarahnassauer sarahnassauer Sarah.Nassauer@wsj.com Updated April 11, 2017 6:26 p.m. ET Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is cutting hundreds of corporate jobs this month, following similar layoffs earlier this year, as the retail giant looks for ways to save as it spends billions to improve its e-commerce operations and existing stores. The cuts fell broadly Tuesday and over the past few days on the international side of Wal-Mart’s business, as well as its technology group and at its warehouse chain Sam’s Club, according to people... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Most Popular Videos The Outrage Over United Airlines Explained Amazon Is On a Roll Spicer: Hitler Didn't Use Chemical Weapons in WWII United Airlines Passenger Violently Removed From Flight Luxury Homes Scale Back on Bedrooms Most Popular Articles Spicer Apologizes for Comment About Assad and Hitler United Chief Apologizes to Passenger After Outcry U.S. Says Russia Tried to Cover Up Syria Sarin Attack Opinion: Peggy Noonan Wins 2017 Pulitzer Prize for Commentary What to Do When You’re on an Overbooked Flight Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos The Outrage Over United Airlines Explained Amazon Is On a Roll Spicer: Hitler Didn't Use Chemical Weapons in WWII United Airlines Passenger Violently Removed From Flight Luxury Homes Scale Back on Bedrooms Most Popular Articles Spicer Apologizes for Comment About Assad and Hitler United Chief Apologizes to Passenger After Outcry U.S. Says Russia Tried to Cover Up Syria Sarin Attack Opinion: Peggy Noonan Wins 2017 Pulitzer Prize for Commentary What to Do When You’re on an Overbooked Flight Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper BS Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Companies US stocks end down; geopolitical risks weigh ahead of earnings Business Standard Wal-Mart to eliminate hundreds of corporate jobs gobally: Report Earlier this year, Wal-Mart cut 1,200 corporate jobs mostly in human resources Reuters  |  Chicago  April 12, 2017 Last Updated at 03:32 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUvORq Many of the cuts will affect 'hundreds' of positions in Wal-Mart's international and technology businesses. (Photo: Reuters) ALSO READ Job sites witness surge as layoff scare looms in IT, e-commerce sector Were he seeking any other job, Trump would be flagged by HR US job growth accelerates in January, but wages lag Top mistakes candidates make when applying for a tech job LeEco admits to job cuts but denies closing down India biz Wal-Mart Stores Inc is eliminating more corporate jobs this month, the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday, citing people familiar with the matter. The latest round of job cuts will involve "hundreds" of positions in Wal-Mart's international and technology businesses along with its warehouse chain, Sam's Club, according to the report. Wal-Mart's job cuts started in 2016 when the retailer said it was eliminating 7,000 back office positions and moving more of its workforce to the sales floor. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart cut 1,200 corporate jobs mostly in human resources even as it continued to invest in its e-commerce operations. Wal-Mart did not immediately respond to a Reuters request seeking comment. Read More On Walmart | Layoffs | Wall Street | Chicago | Job Layoff | Walwart Job | Wal-mart | International | Companies PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Enhance Your Negotiation Skills with MIT Faculty. FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Club ITC - 25% earnings on dining at ITC Hotels Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Learn Negotiation Strategies and Tactics from MIT New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Wal-Mart to eliminate hundreds of corporate jobs gobally: Report Earlier this year, Wal-Mart cut 1,200 corporate jobs mostly in human resources Earlier this year, Wal-Mart cut 1,200 corporate jobs mostly in human resources Wal-Mart Stores Inc is eliminating more corporate jobs this month, the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday, citing people familiar with the matter. The latest round of job cuts will involve "hundreds" of positions in Wal-Mart's international and technology businesses along with its warehouse chain, Sam's Club, according to the report. Wal-Mart's job cuts started in 2016 when the retailer said it was eliminating 7,000 back office positions and moving more of its workforce to the sales floor. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart cut 1,200 corporate jobs mostly in human resources even as it continued to invest in its e-commerce operations. Wal-Mart did not immediately respond to a Reuters request seeking comment. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Wal-Mart to eliminate hundreds of corporate jobs gobally: Report Earlier this year, Wal-Mart cut 1,200 corporate jobs mostly in human resources Wal-Mart Stores Inc is eliminating more corporate jobs this month, the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday, citing people familiar with the matter. The latest round of job cuts will involve "hundreds" of positions in Wal-Mart's international and technology businesses along with its warehouse chain, Sam's Club, according to the report. Wal-Mart's job cuts started in 2016 when the retailer said it was eliminating 7,000 back office positions and moving more of its workforce to the sales floor. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart cut 1,200 corporate jobs mostly in human resources even as it continued to invest in its e-commerce operations. Wal-Mart did not immediately respond to a Reuters request seeking comment. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Whirlpool exec reports property settlements, says company will ‘continue to be responsible’ following plant sale Little Rock Tech Park to hold grand opening on April 24, 16 tenants have signed leases Visit Rogers hires digital marketers to promote tourism The Supply Side: Suppliers pushed for ‘best price,’ more in-store demos Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Witnesses describe botched executions in Oklahoma, Alabama; American Bar objects to executions Opponents: Exonerations show death penalty should be banned Poll: Arkansans disapprove of state legislature’s performance Trump’s EPA drops stipulated penalties on Fort Smith’s federal consent decree ‘Truck platooning’ soon to be seen on Arkansas interstates Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Whirlpool exec reports property settlements, says company will ‘continue to be responsible’ following plant sale Visit Rogers hires digital marketers to promote tourism Trump’s EPA drops stipulated penalties on Fort Smith’s federal consent decree Willie Nelson, the Outlaw Music Tour to play the Walmart AMP in Rogers Video / Podcasts Former Arkansas Attorney General Steve Clark recalls first lethal injection Poll: Arkansans’ support for death penalty unfazed by upcoming execution schedule Senate Majority Leader Hendren says tax reform, highway funding linked TB&P Daily: Michael Tilley on a tightening state budget TB&P Daily: SXSW with CJRW’s Zack Hill Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail The Supply Side: Suppliers pushed for ‘best price,’ more in-store demos ‘Truck platooning’ soon to be seen on Arkansas interstates Carriers merge to form a $6 billion company Little Rock slackwater harbor expansion awaiting Trump administration approval Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us The Supply Side: Suppliers pushed for ‘best price,’ more in-store demos BusinessLatest NewsThe Supply Side by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 9 hours ago 62 views  Tags: The Supply Side 0 SHARES Share Tweet Price matters to consumers, but so does convenience, according to Tony Rogers, senior vice president and chief marketing officer for Walmart U.S., who laid out the retailer’s strategy to win with customers at the Supplier Summit held earlier this year. He said 78% of consumers won’t continue shopping with a retailer who has low prices if it’s too time consuming. He also said the Bentonville-based retailer continues to bridge online and in-store shopping experiences which the company believes is the winning formula for the future. Walmart continues to look to its supplier base to help with the evolving Walmart story. But Rogers made it quite clear that “everything starts with price.” “If you want to be featured in the tab, on the floor, etc., you must have price leadership,” Rogers said. He adds that product quality is a close second. Rogers challenged suppliers to help Walmart with a “wow” factor that customers can’t refuse. For starters, Rogers said Walmart is pushing for more retailtainment in its stores. He defined retailtainment as something that makes consumers smile or feel good about their shopping experience. He encouraged suppliers to feature brand characters like Tony the Tiger or the Pillsbury Doughboy in stores. For instance, Disney characters like Doc McStuffins could sign autographs in the store and provide photo opportunities with children in conjunction with a new toy or licensed apparel launch. Also, suppliers who have famous personalities under contract — such as Drew Barrymore and CoverGirl — could look for ways to have the celebrities make one or two guest appearances in stores to promote the item and take photos. Rogers also said suppliers could help with “great merchant driven displays.” Creative soft drink or Kleenex displays could reflect some cause or consumer interest from NASCAR to breast cancer. Harkening back to the early days of Wal-Mart Stores, Rogers also mentioned an event of some sort in the parking lot. It was customary for the retailer to have events in the parking lots years ago, whether it was pony rides for kids or sidewalk sales. Rogers asked suppliers to think outside the box and look for opportunities to help drive excitement in and outside of stores. He said Walmart believes retailtainment is a good way to reinvent the relevance of a physical shopping experience in a digital world. The retailer is looking for suppliers to help provide more sensory experiences for shoppers. This can be done using touch screen displays associated with particular items. Using augmented and virtual reality, consumers could see what a shade of foundation makeup or lipstick might look like on their face before they buy it. Rogers said Walmart is interested in creating a more personal and engaging way for consumers to shop, and suppliers can help by bringing suggestions to the table. DEMO FOCUS Rogers said Walmart set a goal of 1.5 million in-store demos this year, almost doubling what they did last year. He said demos can’t just be the traditional items, but they must also include general merchandise in order to deliver a “total box experience.” For instance a Ninja Juice Maker could be demonstrated in conjunction with a price promotion for the kitchen appliance. Customers could see the product in action and taste the juice for themselves. Rogers said store demos should be in more stores and on more days this year, not just the typical Saturday schedule. The retailer is also eager to see complimentary items demonstrated together for instance a probiotic juice by Tropicana was recently demonstrated in concert with Quaker breakfast flat wafers late Sunday afternoon in the Walmart Supercenter located in Jane, Mo. Walmart execs said suppliers need to commit to retailtainment, and they can do so by connecting marketing and merchandising. Rogers said demos will continue to align to category marketing programs, for instance planning events around NCAA football and basketball games, professional games in select markets as well as holiday promotional events like Easter, Halloween and Christmas. He also said the shared commitment by suppliers and Walmart to retailtainment should help improve the overall shopping experience and drive more sales. Three other areas of improvement Rogers also sees happening include: Better service to customers; Operational enhancements within stores that resonate with customers; and Innovation around marketing and promotional content that connects with consumers. He said there will be less rules with demo stations that give suppliers more flexibility. Rogers encourages suppliers to bring forward their marketing and retailtainment ideas even if Walmart has said “no” before. Rogers said demos are growing around the retailer’s store fleets. He said there are 5,500 event specialists signed up to date, but Walmart hopes to have 12,000 by the end of the year. He said Walmart is also working on the back end to deliver customizable reports as well as pre/during/post event sales and inventory analysis for those suppliers who do demos. STORE INVOLVEMENT Rogers said Walmart stores responded well to Walmart U.S. CEO Greg Foran’s “clean, fast and friendly” initiative, and now it’s time to bring some excitement into the stores. Not only is Walmart hoping shoppers find a better shopping experience, but they are also likely to find lower prices on many items. And the retailer continues to roll back pricing with the help of suppliers. Though Walmart sought to ramp up retailtainment in the past two years, Rogers said this time there is more store involvement. He said Walmart U.S. has 1.2 million employees in its stores “happy to help.” The retailer also brought back Walmart radio inside stores over the past year to help make the shopping experience and work experience a little more cheerful. Now, Rogers said Walmart is taking retailtainment to the next level. He said simplifying store signage to help aid navigation and leveraging local Facebook in bigger ways are two areas that Walmart has made vast improvements. –––––––––––––––––– Editor’s note: The Supply Side section of Talk Business & Politics focuses on the companies, organizations, issues and individuals engaged in providing products and services to retailers. The Supply Side is managed by Talk Business & Politics and sponsored by Propak Logistics. Comments comments Previous post Trump's EPA drops stipulated penalties on Fort Smith's federal consent decree Next post Visit Rogers hires digital marketers to promote tourism Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Justin Allen Previewing Arkansas’ amendment debates ahead of the 2018 election Martha Londagin ‘The food’s the thing,’ but not everything Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, germ wagons, and getting state-ified Scott Cashion What we’ve done in the name of national security Gov. Asa Hutchinson Gov. Hutchinson: Legislative accomplishments and ‘greater milestones’ Latest Popular Whirlpool exec reports property settlements, says company will ‘continue to be responsible’ following plant sale 4 hours ago Witnesses describe botched executions in Oklahoma, Alabama; American Bar objects to executions 5 hours ago Opponents: Exonerations show death penalty should be banned 8 hours ago Poll: Arkansans disapprove of state legislature’s performance 8 hours ago Little Rock Tech Park to hold grand opening on April 24, 16 tenants have signed leases 8 hours ago Walmart U.S. to cut 10% of local tech division jobs, Sam’s Club also cutting staff 13,872 views Jonesboro may lose one of its two convention center projects 2,546 views Merchants beginning to take shape, secure space in 8th Street Market 2,378 views ‘Truck platooning’ soon to be seen on Arkansas interstates 1,628 views Fort Smith-based Beaty Capital buys Masonic Temple in Cleveland, closer to opening Fort Smith Temple 1,200 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Wal-Mart eliminates more corporate jobs News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Wal-Mart eliminates more corporate jobs Wal-Mart Stores Inc said on Tuesday it is eliminating more U.S. corporate jobs this month, even as it invests in improving its e-commerce operations and in regaining its low-cost pricing advantage in the U.S. retail sector. Posted 12 Apr 2017 05:00 Updated 12 Apr 2017 06:10 FILE PHOTO: Shopping carts are seen outside a new Wal-Mart Express store in Chicago July 26, 2011. REUTERS/John Gress/Files Enlarge Caption  Email More A A CHICAGO: Wal-Mart Stores Inc said on Tuesday it is eliminating more U.S. corporate jobs this month, even as it invests in improving its e-commerce operations and in regaining its low-cost pricing advantage in the U.S. retail sector. Wal-Mart confirmed the latest round of job cuts, which will involve "hundreds" of positions in its international and technology businesses, along with its Sam's Club warehouse chain. "As we said in January, to fuel our growth and our investments we have to manage our costs and our capital decisions with discipline," Wal-Mart spokesman Randy Hargrove said. "This means we will continue to find ways to operate more efficiently and effectively." He gave no details on the number of positions to be eliminated. The Wall Street Journal first reported the move on Tuesday. Wal-Mart's job cuts started in 2016 when the retailer said it was eliminating 7,000 back-office positions and moving more of its workforce to the sales floor. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart cut more than a 1,000 corporate positions, mostly in its human resources department. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; editing by Steve Orlofsky and Dan Grebler) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wal-Mart eliminating hundreds of corporate jobs: source By Afp Published: 17:43 EDT, 11 April 2017 | Updated: 17:43 EDT, 11 April 2017 e-mail Walmart's new cuts will affect employees in the international division, its technology services division and in its Sam's Club business Wal-Mart Stores is eliminating hundreds of corporate jobs in a cost-cutting move, a person familiar with the matter said Tuesday. The cuts will affect employees in Wal-Mart's international division, its technology services division and in its Sam's Club business. The layoffs are centered in administrative functions, said the person, confirming a story in the Wall Street Journal. Wal-Mart has been targeting e-commerce growth and looking to offset increased spending in that realm with belt-tightening elsewhere. "To fuel our growth and our investments we have to manage our costs and our capital decisions with discipline," a Wal-Mart spokesman said. "In order to achieve this, from time to time you'll see the company eliminate positions in an effort to stay lean and fast. In some areas, we'll invest in new positions but in other cases, we'll operate more efficiently and work to change our processes and become more digital to change the work itself." Wal-Mart, the world's biggest retailer, cut 1,000 administrative and e-commerce jobs at the start of 2017, even as it pledged to create 10,000 jobs in the United States. In 2016, Wal-Mart cut 18,000 jobs through store closures and automation. Some of the workers affected by those cuts found posts elsewhere at the company. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS SPOILER ALERT: Megan McKenna clashes with Chloe Sims on TOWIE following rumours of the blonde's 'close' bond with her ex Pete Wicks Jennifer Aniston stuns in a plunging leather bustier as she cosies up to husband Justin Theroux at star-studded Louis Vuitton in Paris A-list event Former Hollyoaks star Lee Otway looks almost unrecognisable as he shows off his new ripped physique following dramatic lifestyle overhaul 'He's got five girlfriends so he's doing okay!' Simon Cowell reveals Eric, 3, has 'his charm with the ladies'... as he discusses having more children  Little Mix's Jesy Nelson shows off her incredibly ripped abs and buxom cleavage in sexy sports bra as she poses for behind-the-scenes tour snap Forget spending hundreds of pounds on whiter teeth! How £8 CHARCOAL polish will give you an A-list smile... (and it's available at Boots)  SPONSORED 'Best day of my life, I'm divorced!' Jodie Marsh runs through garden stark NAKED to celebrate singledom... as she reveals she will 'never be duped again' Zip sync battle! Voluptuous Chrissy Teigen tries in vain to squeeze her large assets into tight zip-up outfit Hilarious Mila Kunis steps out in fitted jeans and slouchy top... after husband Ashton Kutcher thanked her for teaching him 'lessons in character' Casual She's a real beach babe! Britney Spears sizzles in tiny white bikini as she splashes around the surf in Hawaii Looking good Make-up free Charlotte Crosby is unrecognisable as she dresses up in period costume to play Sir Isaac Newton's mother in Drunk History 'I would be godfather if asked!' Simon Cowell says pal Cheryl is 'ecstatic' at becoming a mum and hopes they will work together again... but NOT on The X Factor 'I definitely want to be a mother': Khloé Kardashian reveals hopes for marriage and babies with Tristan Thompson... but doesn't want to 'pressure' him Lean girls! Amanda Seyfried steps out with husband Thomas Sadoski for first time without her bump after welcoming daughter Gave birth last month Experts reveal easy hacks to make your family's life healthier  From cooking classes, to colourful and delicious family dinners. SPONSORED Robin reliant! Thicke proves to be a dependable dad as he treats son to day out as he closes in on custodial agreement with Paula Patton Police raid storage locker in search of Mel B's 'sex tapes' as Spice Girl gets restraining order against nanny who she claims is extorting her after 'pregnancy' 'I had a moment of feeling free...': Orlando Bloom discusses THAT naked paddle boarding moment as he insists he and ex Katy Perry are still 'friends'  'The guest list is spectacular': Stevie Wonder, 67, set to wed third wife Tomeeka Bracy, 42, in a star-studded beachside ceremony in Jamaica Molly McFadden, 15, enjoys family time at Chessington as mum Kerry Katona reveals she's 'heartbroken' that her eldest is moving to become a surgeon EXCLUSIVE - On an escapade: New mom Janet Jackson spotted for first time since splitting from husband Wissam Al Mana while shopping for furniture  Back to work! Bella Thorne exudes glamour in sexy red gown for new Freeform series Famous in Love Main character Paige Townsen Jennifer Lawrence 'heartbroken' over suicide of old friend and MTV reality star Clay Adler who 'brings her back to her humble beginnings'  Kelsey Grammer and his fourth wife Kayte take their baby boy Auden to lunch in Beverly Hills At 62, the five-time Emmy winner is 25 years older  'She's struggling': Billie Lourd's uncle reveals she is 'acting like everything is fine on Instagram' since mother Carrie Fisher's death Putting on a brave face Peep show! Ashley Graham poses in her underwear in revealing selfie as she models crop top The 29-year-old posed in a pair of skimpy undies 'I knew my assailant': Abigail Breslin breaks silence about her own sexual assault during awareness month Bravely opened up about her own experience  'Doing what's best for our child': Naya Rivera says she and ex-Ryan Dorsey excel at co-parenting... after pool PDA with David Spade Still have a relationship Getting into the groove! Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, puffs on a roll up cigarette while spending spring break in Miami with friends 'I can't explain how scary it's been to be so open': Marnie Simpson confirms the release of revealing tell-all autobiography titled Stripped Bare Taking things up a gear! Cara Delevingne flaunts her trim figure in hotpants and a crop top as she poses astride a motorbike in new Puma campaign 'Talking was a very strong part of the healing': Stephen Fry speaks candidly about his mental health battle as he teams up with royals for new campaign PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Just horsing around! Sweet Harper Beckham, 5, proves her riding talents as she saddles up for an afternoon at the stables in LA PICTURED: Cops interrogate man with drone after he's spotted lurking around outside Kendall Jenner's Hollywood home She's laying low Animal attraction! Geordie Shore's Gaz Beadle and girlfriend Emma McVey look loved up as the couple hit Sydney's Taronga Zoo Dating since August  Leading lady! Katherine Jenkins puts on glamorous display in elegant black dress as she attends Carousel after-party following West End debut  Kids at heart! The Kardashians get sucked into the rides at a carnival in Cleveland as Khloe talks marriage and kids with boyfriend Tristan Thompson Quality time in the sky! Reese Witherspoon brings her daughter Ava on a magical sunset helicopter trip along the California coast Riding high Any second now! VERY pregnant Ciara rocks figure-hugging dress as she joins friend for lunch at Bel Air Hotel She is reportedly due in early April  Get to the chopped salad! Arnold Schwarzenegger takes military Hummer to meet daughters for lunch in Venice Action man persona 'My plan is to impregnate Char': Stephen Bear reveals he wants to have a BABY with girlfriend Charlotte Crosby by next year .  'Drowning out the pain 'cos you're not mine': Stephanie Davis releases song entitled 'Missin'... rumoured to be about rehab-bound ex Jeremy McConnell 'I felt like I was becoming hateful': Sheryl Crow argues for empathy on her new album after 'losing faith in our country' Started a petition General Hospital star Peter Hansen passes away at age 95 The actor has played lawyer Lee Baldwin on General Hospital since 1965 Pamela Anderson puts on a VERY busty display as she flashes her lace bra under floral wrap dress for sunset walk with photographer David LaChapelle in Venice The cat's meow! Paris Hilton rocks feline themed hat during leisurely stroll with boyfriend Chris Zylka and sister Nicky Purr-fect cap Meghan Markle spotted strolling to yoga appearing relaxed after it's revealed the actress's half-sister plans to write a tell-all book about her 'Living in a love bubble': New mum Cheryl professes her joy in subtle note... as beau Liam Payne simply states he is 'happy' Broken the silence Paris Jackson 'fears' for younger brother Blanket, 15, as he 'lives alone on family estate without legal guardians Katherine and TJ' Protective sibling Basil's back on the BBC! John Cleese to star in his first sitcom for the broadcaster since Fawlty Towers ended in 1979  Return to TV Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves makes statement in snake-print blazer as he enjoys dinner in London... after heading to Harley Street to get more Botox  Michelle Williams cuts an elegant yet edgy figure in an unus lacy dress as she attends Louis Vuitton launch in Paris Silk slip Cops called to Kendall Jenner's Hollywood home again... after security becomes suspicious of man with drone LAPD officers called What a ride! Diane Kruger goes hell for leather in tight trousers as she strikes model pose with new Audi sports car Rock chick He's Schreded! Shirtless Liev Schreiber shows off his muscular frame while holidaying with his children in Maui That's definitely NOT a dad bod Nick Jonas shows off karate moves with Sophie Turner after Nicki Minaj jokes that she 'roughed him up' a bit Out in West Hollywood Geordie Shore reunion! Gaz Beadle catches up with former reality co-star Vicky Pattison's ex-boyfriend Dan Conn in Bondi In Australia Simply irresistible! Christina Milian rocks tiniest of denim skirts with distressed jean jacket and mesh top at LA party Party girl When you got it! Olivia Culpo goes braless in a very low-cut plunging top as she steps out in ripped jeans in Los Angeles  Low key Gwyneth Paltrow raves about the health benefits of a CHLOROPHYLL shot on her lifestyle website Goop... but health experts label it an 'unnecessary fad' Cate Blanchett shows off her style credentials in structured sleeveless jacket as she attends Louis Vuitton event in Paris Chic Bunny fun! Megan Fox enjoys fun-filled family Easter egg hunt with her husband Brian Austin Green and their three sons Treasure hunt Jackie Kennedy Onassis, 62, wanted a date with Alec Baldwin when he was 33 - and she got it - her close friend James Hart reveals in his memoir Lucy Mecklenburgh puts on a stylish display in striped shirt dress as she enjoys sun in Los Angeles ahead of Coachella Off-duty glamour Hollywood wives club! Luciana Barroso and Elsa Pataky touch down in Brisbane ahead of reunion with husbands Matt Damon and Chris Hemsworth Charlize Theron uses her 4in spiked heel in epic car fight scene in new Atomic Blonde trailer Plays an undercover MI6 Agent Moving in with Taylor Lautner? Billie Lourd selling $2.3million Santa Monica home... just one year after buying it Loved up with her Scream Queen co-star 'It's not true, any of it': Sugar Bear denies Mama June's abuse allegations claiming she's 'just p***ed over his new marriage Family drama  Working it out! Diane Kruger shows off toned physique after grueling workout...as she steps out solo without new beau Norman Reedus New love Cat who got the cream? Sienna Miller radiates happiness at movie screening... a week after Brad Pitt 'flirting' rumors Looked radiant Hello boys! Former TOWIE star Lauren Pope showcases her incredible physique in powder pink two-piece as she checks into health spa 'Getting Jaden ready!' Will Smith chops off son's dreadlocks on the Toronto set of their film Life in a Year It was a shockingly clean cut look Binky Felstead shows off her growing baby bump in chic jumper dress as she enjoys lunch with MIC co-stars to celebrate Stephanie Pratt's birthday Birthday girl Stephanie Pratt rings in her special day with adorable puppy Max... as she claims looking after her dog is like 'having a child' Puppy love Louis Tomlinson will not be criminally charged for LAX airport brawl and will instead attend informal hearing Singer summoned to the LA City Attorney's office t Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana returns to the home they once shared to deliver toys for their son following shock split This certainly isn't a Victoria's Secret ad! Lingerie model Rachel Hilbert goes bra-less as she poses in a sizzling new photoshoot for Maxim What Car Share needs is a pair of jump leads and a lot more spark: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  Stuck in first gear PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Heavily pregnant Jennifer Metcalfe shows off her bump in floral swimsuit as she enjoys babymoon in Tenerife with beau Greg Lake Friendly exes: Sienna Miller is spotted with former fiance Tom Sturridge in New York.... amid claims Brad Pitt was 'seriously flirting' with her Kelly Rowland flashes her legs in floral frock as she promotes new book in NYC after getting VERY candid about her post-pregnancy body Lea Seydoux flaunts her toned physique in an elegant trouser suit at Louis Vuitton dinner three months after 'giving birth to baby boy George' Leggy beauty Miranda Kerr looks impossibly chic in a prim lace dress and smart leather coat at Louis Vuitton bash in Paris Elegant attire Revealed: Connie Britton was network's top choice to play Kerry Washington's Olivia Pope before Scandal creator insisted on black actress From the Fast and the Furious to R&R: Jordana Brewster stuns in navy polka dot bikini as she hits the beach in Hawaii with her young sons Leading man Larry Lamb cuts a dapper figure as he leads the stars at the premiere of his new movie The Hatton Garden Job in London Heaven sent! Zara Holland shows off enviably toned figure as she promotes new swimwear brand by stomping through London in a bikini Frock star! Jennifer Garner vamps up her look with sexy little black dress and heels on solo outing Swapped her usual casual attire Gigi Hadid plays the modern pin-up girl with big hair and busty Tommy Hilfiger shirt after posing for the brand's new denim line campaign Pregnant Tamsin Egerton displays her baby bump in a loose T-shirt and jeans as she steps out with boyfriend Josh Hartnett Family joy David Beckham is left dripping in sweat following an intense workout session at SoulCycle in Los Angeles  Ripped 'It's a lot of work': Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin share ELLE covers with four other models as they reflect on fashion industry Shared spotlight PICTURED: New mom Irina Shayk steps out for ice cream two weeks after welcoming daughter Lea de Seine with Bradley Cooper Baby joy Trouble and stripe! Michelle Keegan wears skimpy vest top and cropped jeans as she heads out into the sunshine with husband Mark Wright   PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham looks unusually casual as she and husband David wear matching black workout gear during family day out in sun-soaked LA Gerard Butler shows off his softer side with sweet co-star as he continues to film scenes for latest flick Keepers in Scotland Filming continues 'I haven't had any complaints!' Dennis Quaid reveals he has had a threesome, discusses his manhood and admits to calling ex-wife Meg Ryan Baby on the way! Laguna Beach alum Talan Torriero announces he's expecting first child with wife Danielle Baby joy 'A new great love': Grey's Anatomy star Camilla Luddington and her partner Matthew Alan welcome baby daughter Hayden Baby joy Lovely in leather! Make-up free Ashley Graham ditches the glamour for sleek biker jacket and comfy sweatpants Casual So in sync! Christine Lampard and husband Frank step out for shopping spree in matching ensembles... after she confesses to jealousy over her man Oi oi, saveloy! Danniella Westbrook chows down on a meaty treat after going for a jog in the sunshine... ahead of jetting off to Spain for rehab TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou shows off her pert posterior in skinny jeans and a backless top as she steps out after Danielle Armstrong brawl Vin Diesel teams up with Michelle Rodriguez to promote The Fate of the Furious in New York as his secret tribute to Paul Walker in the film is revealed Pink to make 'em wink! Glamorous Pamela Anderson shows off her cleavage in a pastel pencil dress as she sips fizz from her balcony in Venice Liam Gallagher cuts a sporty figure as he goes out and about with girlfriend Debbie Gwyther in London Do you know something we don't? Gemma Arterton is the picture of elegance in white silk trousers and semi-sheer blouse as she discusses Hollywood sexism at BUILD Series interview Model Lily-Rose Depp munches on McNuggets as she makes an emergency fast food pit stop after touching down in Paris Chowing down 'My job is to protect my boys': Jeff Brazier reveals 'awkward' chat about the HPV virus with son Freddy... and admits the vaccine could have saved Jade Goody 'Perfect shades of pink!' Make-up free Sofia Vergara shows colorful cheeks after running a '102 fever' from filming in the rain in Rome 'My greatest fear is becoming fat again': Gary Barlow opens up about his strict diet as reveals he takes home cooked food to work just like the rest of us Helen Skelton and rugby player husband Richie Myler announce the arrival of a second son by posting sweet snap TV presenter gave birth Zara Holland swaps sizzling swimwear for skinny jeans as she steps out in London with her glamorous mum Cheryl following break in Barbados TOWIE's Amber Turner flaunts her toned figure in a skimpy black crop top and leggings as she hits the gym She's been at the centre of several dramas 'They'll never be friends': TOWIE's James Lock reveals girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou and ex Danielle Armstrong haven't spoken since shock brawl 'You only help rich families save money': Viewers blast Susanna Reid's 'budget' cookery show for assisting a couple who spend £205 a week on food Isn't it Spring? Hollyoaks star Nikki Sanderson sports a unseasonably warm bobble hat as she hits the shops in Manchester Feeling the chill? Harry Styles shows off his effortlessly cool style as he arrives in New York ahead of debut solo performance on Saturday Night Live Going solo PICTURED: Tori Spelling rocks casual dungarees as she is spotted out and about for the first time since delivering her FIFTH child Beau 'It looks like he has a skin condition!' Holly Hagan undergoes first round of laser surgery to remove traumatic tattoo of ex Kyle Christie's face Make-up free Danielle Lloyd masks her baby bump during day out with fiancé Michael O'Neill... after revealing they explored gender selection for a daughter 'You looked like JLo': Eamonn Holmes grovels to wife Ruth Langsford after declaring Charlotte Hawkins 'the most beautiful bride he's ever seen' My angels! Drew Barrymore enjoys outing with her sparkly mini-me daughters Olive and Frankie in New York City Out and about 'Twinning with my mommy!' Real Housewives Of New Jersey's Ashlee Holmes wears matching outfits with seven-month-old son 'It's not going to happen!' Lisa Kudrow puts final nail in Friends movie coffin... as she talks about THAT creepy celebrity guest star Ed Sheeran settles $20M lawsuit over hit song Photograph following claims he 'copied and exploited' X Factor winner Matt Cardle's track Amazing  'Time to get lei'd!' Kendra Wilkinson gets a little cheeky as she shares swimsuit snaps with husband Hank Baskett in Hawaii Family break MTV reality star and friend of Jennifer Lawrence, Clay Adler, dies aged 27 after shooting himself in the head in the desert in front of his friends 'I haven't got any boobs': Trinny Woodall embraces her pert bust after baring all in bizarre video... as fans are left 'shocked' by her appearance Michelle Williams looks effortlessly chic as she cosies up in a tan coat for a spring break in Paris after filming new movie in New York City Chic 'Fake abs for $11.81!': Ludacris mocks himself for CGI muscles with link to body prop after fans roast new music video Hit back at critics Bradley Walsh reveals plans to release more music after he beat Zayn Malik to for biggest-selling debut album in Britain Hey, big seller 'So much better than I ever imagined!' Katherine Heigl gushes about her diverse family now she's a mother of three Happy families 'Megan's annoyed I didn't call': TOWIE's Chloe Sims is adamant she owes co-star McKenna nothing over THOSE Pete Wicks rumours Tom Cruise slips into character as he films thrilling action sequences on motorcycle and in a helicopter on set of M:I6 - Mission Impossible 'I'm representing the four-pack': Ludacris jokes about being 'the smallest guy on set' compared to burly F8 co-stars Dwayne Johnson and Vin Diesel A Laurel laughs! Steve Coogan continues to transform into iconic comedy character whilst donning a navy beret for new biopic in Bristol 'Finding a sense of self not just in front of the camera!' Emma Roberts reveals what's next after almost two decades of acting as she stars in style shoot 'Your vajayjay won't look the same': Kelly Rowland candidly details how pregnancy and birth affected her body, from 'bleeding' to 'UFO nipples'  Pregnant Chelsee Healey proudly shows off her burgeoning bump in tight ribbed pink dress as she celebrates 26 weeks milestone Blossoming bump Katie Price defends controversial pictures of daughter Princess, nine, mimicking poses... as she appears with disabled son Harvey to promote anti-bullying 'I remember being hungry and afraid': Simone Biles cries while talking about how she was adopted by her grandparents after birth mother's drug abuse Hop to it! From Tyra Banks' LILAC lips to Kristen Stewart's metallic pink lids, we show you how to wear pastel without looking like an Easter egg No time to make lunch, Pippa? Miss Middleton is spotted carrying goods from a pricey Kensington eatery as the wedding countdown officially begins  Fun day at the office: Paula Patton giggles between takes on set while filming Somewhere Between with co-star Devon Sawa 'Can't wait to marry you!': Julianne Hough gushes about fiancé Brooks Laich as she shares Instagram snap of hockey hunk Paid tribute to her fiance I Got You! Cher causes a commotion at a celebrity hot spot with restaurant workers forming a human wall to keep the diva safe Fans in a frenzy 'This continuity is ridiculous!' EastEnders fans go wild for blunder as they see Michelle Fowler's hair grow INCHES in a matter of minutes 'I don't think the US has changed me': Cat Deeley insists she's still down-to-earth after THAT restaurant rant... but admits she'd only return for huge pay Her two loves! Famke Janssen enjoys leisurely bike ride with boyfriend Cole Frates and her beloved pet pooch Licorice Sporty Kate Beckinsale, 43, shows off age-defying physique in sizzling selfie as bikini-clad daughter Lily, 18, proves good looks run in the family in beach snap 'She had a similar shape to mine': Tracee Ellis Ross credits Jennifer Lopez for improving her self image after years of 'idolizing skinny models' Peru Two drug mule Michaella McCollum dons a very skimpy dress as she enjoys the nightlife on party isle Ibiza with a friend Partying in style Don't be a Coachella cliché! FEMAIL recreates looks that cool girls Zoë Kravitz, Kendall Jenner and Taylor Swift wear to the annual music festival  'This is a real riot': Orange Is The New Black season five teaser picks up on Daya Diaz's gun-wielding cliff-hanger Dramatic 'There's nothing sexier than life experience': Connie Britton, 50, talks ageing in Hollywood as she flaunts her legs on cover of Good Housekeeping Robert Kardashian KNEW OJ Simpson was guilty claims Caitlyn Jenner but joined defense team to get back at his recently remarried ex Kris  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Johnny Depp turns director as he toys with camera before puffing a cigarette while playing cop in LAbyrinth Portrays LAPD detective Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 26° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 56-63 We set you thinking Wednesday 12 April 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World China's H7N9 bird flu death toll at 47 in March: government data 1491979159 Singapore 24hr Starbucks Reserve store opens in Changi Airport T3 1491977760 World Johor cops launch crackdown on Singaporean fine dodgers 1491979311 Singapore Licences of 9 retailers suspended for selling tobacco to minors: HSA 1491979009 World China's Xi calls for peaceful resolution of North Korea tensions in call with Trump 1491978490 World Taiwan bans sale, consumption of dog and cat meat 1491977820 World Fury in Vietnam over United passenger dragged from plane 1491977675 World EU's Juncker says Italy going in right direction: newspaper 1491977542 World White House accuses Russia of Syria chemical attack 'cover up' 1491977173 Business Akzo Nobel reports Elliott, PPG for allegedly sharing 'sensitive' information 1491976719 Business Akzo Nobel receives request from Elliott for shareholder meeting 1491975016 World A journey to Scarborough Shoal, the South China Sea's 'Waterworld' 1491969240 Business Exclusive: Inside edge - Trump advisor Icahn's big bet against biofuels credits 1491974174 World 100k signatures goal reached on petition calling for investigation into United Airlines’ incident 1491971760 Singapore Jurong West still without full Internet services as more damaged cables found 1491959520 Singapore Video consultations now available at 4 healthcare institutions for selected conditions 1491971820 Business United Airlines faces mounting pressure over hospitalized passenger 1491963746 Business Trump's message to bankers: Wall Street reform rules may be eliminated 1491971202 Voices Too many unknowns when it comes to herbal products 1491971808 China&India Chinese girl, 10, left on airliner by parents 1491960360 Sports United States, Canada and Mexico launch joint-bid for 2026 World Cup 1491898560 Entertainment Chef’s Table director to eat at Restaurant Andre and Burnt Ends 1491908160 China&India It’s racist! Chinese social media erupts over incident 1491940920 Business Wal-Mart offers discounts for online orders picked up in store 1491970089 World Chinese state tabloid warns North Korea against nuclear test 1491964440 Singapore New NSL signalling system to be tested on Sundays for two months 1491966180 Entertainment Britney coming to Singapore? 1491900960 Business Private non-landed resale prices rise for fifth straight month 1491940920 Sports S’pore Sevens shindig ‘will only get bigger, better’ 1491940920 Business Banks move to replace physical dongles with digital tokens 1491917760 Singapore Kallang River area set to be walking, cycling haven 1491940920 World Reports emerge detailing United Airlines passenger's troubled past 1491927360 World ‘No one should ever be mistreated this way’: United CEO apologises 1491953940 World Blasts hit Borussia Dortmund team bus, leaving player hurt 1491963360 Sports All forms of rugby will gain from rugby sevens boom: Jason Robinson 1491967915 Business Lack of clarity on Toshiba earnings audit is a problem: Japan finance minister 1491963528 World Venezuela's Maduro jeered by crowd as unrest grows 1491964167 Business Exclusive: Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO 1491962960 World North Korea warns of nuclear strike if provoked; Trump 'armada' steams on 1491952529 Business Toshiba files results unapproved by auditor; warns of 'going concern' risk 1491931472 World Japan plans joint show of force with U.S. carrier headed to Korean peninsula: sources 1491962573 World Spicer apologises for ‘insensitive’ reference to Holocaust 1491961918 Entertainment Museum asks fans of Kermit, Elmo to help pay for exhibit 1491961911 World South Korea presidential frontrunner Moon pledges extra budget if elected 1491960960 World Brazil judge orders corruption probe into a third of Temer's cabinet 1491960669 World U.S.-Russia tensions over Syria will not 'spiral out of control': Mattis 1491956820 World Macron, Le Pen hold French election lead but investors eye Melenchon surge 1491939539 Business Automakers hope to reach U.S. deal on 2025 vehicle emissions 1491958192 World ‘Charging Bull’ sculptor accuses NYC of violating his rights 1491958311 Business United Airlines faces mounting pressure over hospitalized passenger 1491955454 Business Wal-Mart eliminates more corporate jobs Shopper pushes a cart outside a Walmart store in Monterrey. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:00 AM, April 12, 2017 Updated: 6:40 AM, April 12, 2017 CHICAGO - Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N> said on Tuesday it is eliminating more U.S. corporate jobs this month, even as it invests in improving its e-commerce operations and in regaining its low-cost pricing advantage in the U.S. retail sector. Wal-Mart confirmed the latest round of job cuts, which will involve "hundreds" of positions in its international and technology businesses, along with its Sam's Club warehouse chain. "As we said in January, to fuel our growth and our investments we have to manage our costs and our capital decisions with discipline," Wal-Mart spokesman Randy Hargrove said. "This means we will continue to find ways to operate more efficiently and effectively." He gave no details on the number of positions to be eliminated. The Wall Street Journal first reported the move on Tuesday. Wal-Mart's job cuts started in 2016 when the retailer said it was eliminating 7,000 back-office positions and moving more of its workforce to the sales floor. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart cut more than a 1,000 corporate positions, mostly in its human resources department. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Wells Fargo's aggressive sales tactics hit small firms: WSJ Wells Fargo's 'Jump into January' was grim start to the year Wells Fargo report: no 'pattern of retaliation' against whistleblowers Weak crude oil stunts U.S. energy IPOs, boosts outlook for M&A Wall Street sees Fed balance sheet normalization plan by year end: Reuters poll Wall Street falls as Fed minutes reverse earlier rally Wall Street ends slightly higher; China meeting eyed Wall Street ends down; geopolitical risks weigh ahead of earnings Wall Street ends choppy session up slightly; energy helps Wall Street down after weak jobs, Fed comments, Syria airstrikes Inside Today World China's Xi calls for peaceful resolution of North Korea tensions in call with Trump Taiwan bans sale, consumption of dog and cat meat Fury in Vietnam over United passenger dragged from plane EU's Juncker says Italy going in right direction: newspaper White House accuses Russia of Syria chemical attack 'cover up' Business Skittish investors seek safe harbor in yen, gold, bonds Akzo Nobel reports Elliott, PPG for allegedly sharing 'sensitive' information Akzo Nobel receives request from Elliott for shareholder meeting Exclusive: Inside edge - Trump advisor Icahn's big bet against biofuels credits Trump's message to bankers: Wall Street reform rules may be eliminated Sports All forms of rugby will gain from rugby sevens boom: Jason Robinson S’pore Sevens shindig ‘will only get bigger, better’ Yeo powers through women’s singles qualifers at OUE Singapore Open FAS elections: Team Game Changers loses one individual candidate United States, Canada and Mexico launch joint-bid for 2026 World Cup Entertainment Museum asks fans of Kermit, Elmo to help pay for exhibit DJ Paul Oakenfold plays at 'highest party on earth' — on Everest Chef’s Table director to eat at Restaurant Andre and Burnt Ends So, you wanna make a movie... Britney coming to Singapore? About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Wal-Mart eliminates more corporate jobs News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Wal-Mart eliminates more corporate jobs Wal-Mart Stores Inc said on Tuesday it is eliminating more U.S. corporate jobs this month, even as it invests in improving its e-commerce operations and in regaining its low-cost pricing advantage in the U.S. retail sector. Posted 12 Apr 2017 05:00 Updated 12 Apr 2017 06:10 FILE PHOTO: Shopping carts are seen outside a new Wal-Mart Express store in Chicago July 26, 2011. REUTERS/John Gress/Files Enlarge Caption  Email More A A CHICAGO: Wal-Mart Stores Inc said on Tuesday it is eliminating more U.S. corporate jobs this month, even as it invests in improving its e-commerce operations and in regaining its low-cost pricing advantage in the U.S. retail sector. Wal-Mart confirmed the latest round of job cuts, which will involve "hundreds" of positions in its international and technology businesses, along with its Sam's Club warehouse chain. "As we said in January, to fuel our growth and our investments we have to manage our costs and our capital decisions with discipline," Wal-Mart spokesman Randy Hargrove said. "This means we will continue to find ways to operate more efficiently and effectively." He gave no details on the number of positions to be eliminated. The Wall Street Journal first reported the move on Tuesday. Wal-Mart's job cuts started in 2016 when the retailer said it was eliminating 7,000 back-office positions and moving more of its workforce to the sales floor. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart cut more than a 1,000 corporate positions, mostly in its human resources department. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; editing by Steve Orlofsky and Dan Grebler) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Home News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Weather Watchers Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week Big 22 Diamond Kings Starting Five Report It Community Community Events Community Resources Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Contests Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Obituaries 48° F Overcast Hi: 66° F Lo: 43° F Youngstown Radar Current Conditions Satellite Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW Latest Headlines Mom found with needles down pants pleads not guilty to child endangering April 11, 2017 Canfield officers said they found pills, syringes, crack pipes, and a burnt spoon in the car with the Salem woman and her two kids. Local schools asking voters for more money, say expenses have gone up April 11, 2017 Three area school districts have levies that will appear on the ballot in May — requesting financial help for things from budget cuts to ne… Video captures Warren police officer playing with neighborhood kids April 11, 2017 Daycare center limits addiction treatment facility in East Liverpool April 11, 2017 Doctor, nanny face drug charges following Canfield raid April 11, 2017 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Weather Watchers Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Current Conditions 48° F Overcast Feels Like: 44° F Wind: WNW 9 Humidity: 77% Dewpoint: 41° F Sunrise: 6:49 AM Sunset: 7:58 PM Youngstown Weather Interactive Radar Sponsored by: Sports Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week Big 22 Diamond Kings Starting Five Latest Headlines Gennett’s 3 hits, 3-run HR power Reds over Pirates 6-2 April 11, 2017 Juan Nicasio (0-1) allowed a run in the seventh for Pittsburgh. Brantley lifts Indians to 2-1 win in opener over White Sox April 11, 2017 Michael Brantley doubled home Francisco Lindor with two outs in the 10th inning. Turvey powers Crestview to win over East Palestine April 11, 2017 AP source: Cavaliers to sign Dahntay Jones for playoffs April 11, 2017 Jackson-Milton Baseball Stats (Thru Apr. 10) April 11, 2017 Report It Community Community Events Community Resources Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Contests Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Obituaries Search for: Search the site 48° F Overcast Hi: 66° F Lo: 43° F Austintown crime activity: Police officer punched after fight at club Police investigated the following incidents in Austintown from April 6 - 10: By WKBN Staff Published: April 11, 2017, 5:21 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Related Coverage Austintown crime activity: Woman admits having irresistible urge to steal Thursday, April 6 2:58 p.m. – 700 block of Notre Dame Ave., officers arrested Sage Powell on an active warrant for theft and 27-year-old Christopher Hylton on an active warrant for complicity. Police said they found marijuana and a pipe on Hylton. He was issued a summons for possession of drugs and drug paraphernalia. 4:32 p.m. – 100 block of Placid Blvd., reported theft from a car. The victim said someone stole a police wallet, two leather coats, sunglasses, and $50 cash from his car while it was parked at his house sometime the week before. He said he may have left the door unlocked. 6:03 p.m. – 6000 block of Mahoning Ave., a Walmart employee reported the theft of a smart TV. She said surveillance video shows a man walking out the door with the TV without paying. 6:19 p.m. – 6000 block of Mahoning Ave., a Walmart employee reported the theft of over $2,000 in items early that morning. She said surveillance video shows a man loading up a large tote bag with food, toiletries, baby clothes, and electronics. Friday, April 7 1:49 a.m. – Oakwood Ave. and N. Meridian Rd., 49-year-old Elizabeth Pless, of Youngstown, arrested during a traffic stop on an active warrant out of Georgia. Saturday, April 8 2:45 a.m. – 4700 block of Mahoning Ave., officers arrested 24-year-old Edna Starks, of Alabama, after they said she hit several parked vehicles with her car in the parking lot of Bill’s Place bar. Police said they could smell alcohol from Starks’ car, and that her eyes were bloodshot and she was losing her balance. She had been fighting with another woman in the parking lot when she ran her car into the woman’s, according to a police report. The woman said she had to jump away to avoid getting hit. In the process, police said Starks accidentally backed into another car. She is charged with OVI and felonious assault, along with some traffic citations. 3:25 a.m. – 1100 block of N. Canfield Niles Rd., police arrested 27-year-old Ashley Mines, of Youngstown, at the Pilot gas station on an active warrant for theft. 11:39 a.m. – 200 block of S. Edgehill Ave., a homeowner said a duffle bag containing clothing, toiletries, and prescription medication was stolen from his front porch. 3:30 p.m. – Mahoning Ave. and S. Four Mile Run Rd., officers arrested 27-year-old Ross DeWeese, of Mineral Ridge, during a traffic stop on an active warrant for receiving stolen property and drug paraphernalia. Sunday, April 9 2:33 a.m. – 1700 block of S. Raccoon Rd., 21-year-old Dewayne Jordan, of Warren, was arrested after he punched a police officer. Officers said a group of 25 to 30 people were arguing with security staff at Elevate Night Club when a man punched a guard in the face. Police sprayed pepper spray into the crowd, which they said was only two to three men at that point, and the man ran away. When officers caught up to him, they said Jordan tried to pull an officer away from the man and that Jordan punched the officer in the chest. The officer punched Jordan in the face and another tased him. He is charged with assault on a police officer. Police couldn’t find the other man who ran away. 4:59 p.m. – I-680 Southbound and SR 11 Northbound, police smelled marijuana coming from a car and pulled it over. Officers searched the car and found marijuana and items used to smoke it, according to a police report. The driver, Angelle Schneider, of Youngstown, was issued a summons for possession of marijuana. Monday, April 10 3:45 a.m. – Mahoning Ave. and S. Four Mile Run Rd., police arrested 51-year-old Mark Jones, of Florida, after a man said Jones assaulted him. They saw him stumbling along, nearly falling in the road, according to a police report. Officers said Jones was very drunk and couldn’t stand on his own. He was issued a summons for disorderly conduct while intoxicated. Disclaimer: The following reports do not reflect the total activities or calls received by the Austintown Police Department. Looking for more crime activity? See more communities here: Austintown Boardman Niles Warren Youngstown . Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Austintown crime activity: Employee reports theft of cooking grease Austintown crime activity: Woman admits having irresistible urge to steal Boardman crime activity: Suspect posed as officer, tried pulling driver over Warren crime activity: Police find stolen pills, coins after man passes out Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WKBN 27 First News provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. No links will be permitted. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKBN.com © 1998-2017 WKBN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc | All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Weather Sports MyValleyDeals MyValleyDining Tributes Station Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts WKBN news app WKBN weather app ION Television LAFF Get TV Admin Business Closed Captioning FCC Public File (WKBN) WKBN EEO Report WKBN FCC 398 Children’s Report Privacy Policy Terms of Use Nexstar Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Whirlpool exec reports property settlements, says company will ‘continue to be responsible’ following plant sale Little Rock Tech Park to hold grand opening on April 24, 16 tenants have signed leases Visit Rogers hires digital marketers to promote tourism The Supply Side: Suppliers pushed for ‘best price,’ more in-store demos Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Witnesses describe botched executions in Oklahoma, Alabama; American Bar objects to executions Opponents: Exonerations show death penalty should be banned Poll: Arkansans disapprove of state legislature’s performance Trump’s EPA drops stipulated penalties on Fort Smith’s federal consent decree ‘Truck platooning’ soon to be seen on Arkansas interstates Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Whirlpool exec reports property settlements, says company will ‘continue to be responsible’ following plant sale Visit Rogers hires digital marketers to promote tourism Trump’s EPA drops stipulated penalties on Fort Smith’s federal consent decree Willie Nelson, the Outlaw Music Tour to play the Walmart AMP in Rogers Video / Podcasts Former Arkansas Attorney General Steve Clark recalls first lethal injection Poll: Arkansans’ support for death penalty unfazed by upcoming execution schedule Senate Majority Leader Hendren says tax reform, highway funding linked TB&P Daily: Michael Tilley on a tightening state budget TB&P Daily: SXSW with CJRW’s Zack Hill Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail The Supply Side: Suppliers pushed for ‘best price,’ more in-store demos ‘Truck platooning’ soon to be seen on Arkansas interstates Carriers merge to form a $6 billion company Little Rock slackwater harbor expansion awaiting Trump administration approval Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Willie Nelson, the Outlaw Music Tour to play the Walmart AMP in Rogers BusinessNorthwest ArkansasTourism by Talk Business & Politics staff (staff2@talkbusiness.net) 10 hours ago 47 views  0 SHARES Share Tweet Willie Nelson & Family will headline a concert July 6 at the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion in Rogers, the AMP announced Tuesday (April 11). The Outlaw Music Festival Tour also includes Sheryl Crow, Jason Isbell and the 400 Unit, Margo Price and Lukas Nelson & Promise of the Real. Gates open at 6 p.m. and the show begins at 7 p.m. Tickets go on sale April 21 at 10 a.m., and prices range from $46 to $155.50. Tickets can be purchased in person at the Walmart AMP Box Office in Rogers or the Walton Arts Center Box Office in Fayetteville, by calling 479-443-5600 or visiting the AMP website. “We had such a blast launching and playing last year’s Outlaw Music Festival in Scranton, we had to take it out on the road this summer,” Willie Nelson said in an AMP press release. The concert will also include “festival attractions,” like local cuisine, craft beers and handmade goods from local artisans. Production company Blackbird Presents is hosting the event. “We made it our mission to assemble an extraordinary lineup and bring this experience to music fans all over the country,” Keith Wortman, CEO of Blackbird Presents, said in the release. “I’m looking forward to more unforgettable music moments and I’m honored to be working with these incredible musicians.” The performance is part of the AMP’s 2017 Cox Concert Series, which debuts April 22 with Blink-182. Boston will play April 25. Train is set to play May 22, and Third Eye Blind is scheduled for July 12. Steve Miller Band with Peter Frampton will play July 18, and Tedeschi Trucks Band with the Wood Brothers and Hot Tuna will play July 25. Lady Antebellum will play Aug. 5. Comments comments Previous post AHTD gets $14.2 million in federal emergency relief funds for storm damage in late 2015, early 2016 Next post U.S. beef export gains, access to China benefits packers like Tyson Foods Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Justin Allen Previewing Arkansas’ amendment debates ahead of the 2018 election Martha Londagin ‘The food’s the thing,’ but not everything Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, germ wagons, and getting state-ified Scott Cashion What we’ve done in the name of national security Gov. Asa Hutchinson Gov. Hutchinson: Legislative accomplishments and ‘greater milestones’ Latest Popular Whirlpool exec reports property settlements, says company will ‘continue to be responsible’ following plant sale 4 hours ago Witnesses describe botched executions in Oklahoma, Alabama; American Bar objects to executions 5 hours ago Opponents: Exonerations show death penalty should be banned 8 hours ago Poll: Arkansans disapprove of state legislature’s performance 8 hours ago Little Rock Tech Park to hold grand opening on April 24, 16 tenants have signed leases 9 hours ago Walmart U.S. to cut 10% of local tech division jobs, Sam’s Club also cutting staff 13,873 views Jonesboro may lose one of its two convention center projects 2,546 views Merchants beginning to take shape, secure space in 8th Street Market 2,379 views ‘Truck platooning’ soon to be seen on Arkansas interstates 1,628 views Fort Smith-based Beaty Capital buys Masonic Temple in Cleveland, closer to opening Fort Smith Temple 1,204 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports My Success Story CNBC Upstart 25 CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities SXSW Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Retail Consumer Retail Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Wal-Mart is cutting hundreds of jobs to slash costs Krystina Gustafson | @KrystinaGustafs 9 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Daniel Acker | Bloomberg | Getty Images An employee unpacks merchandise at a Walmart location in Chicago. Wal-Mart is eliminating hundreds of jobs in its latest attempt to cut costs as it invests in online. The layoffs span the company's international, technology and Sam's Club divisions. They follow Wal-Mart's decision to eliminate some 1,000 corporate positions earlier this year, including 200 in its e-commerce division. A spokesman for the retailer confirmed the job cuts to CNBC, which had originally been reported by Dow Jones. "It's really a continuation of what we said back in January," Wal-Mart spokesman Randy Hargrove told CNBC. "It's all part of managing our costs and our capital." Indeed, the company said earlier this year that it was looking at its corporate head count for ways to operate more efficiently. That round of layoffs came a few months after Wal-Mart's investor day, when the retailer said it would invest more of its dollars into digital and slow its physical store growth. In total, Wal-Mart has eliminated roughly 18,000 jobs since early last year, Hargrove confirmed. However, many of the affected employees have been reassigned, he said. Roughly 6,000 of the 7,000 employees who had their back-office positions eliminated were reassigned, Hargrove said. "Well over" 50 percent of the 10,000 of the store employees who lost their jobs due to last year's store closures were also retained, Hargrove said. And the company will hire 10,000 workers through new store openings, he said. The Wal-Mart news comes just a few days after a disappointing jobs report that was hurt by retail layoffs. Nearly 30,000 retail workers lost their jobs in March, leading to the worst two months for the industry's job creation since December 2009. Watch: Wal-Mart doing something right show chapters Telsey Advisory Group analyst: Wal-Mart is doing something right    Friday, 7 Apr 2017 | 5:07 PM ET | 05:07 Krystina GustafsonEditor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Latest News Dow 20,651 -6.72 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,867 -14.15 -0.24% S&P 500 2,354 -3.38 -0.14% 2:56 A.M. ET WH Smith logs 4% growth in pretax profit 2:55 A.M. ET Tesco posts 30% rise in adjusted operating profit 2:51 A.M. ET Updated United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap 2:21 A.M. ET Updated How to dazzle voters on the campaign trail? Upstart French candidate turns to holograms 12:02 A.M. ET This is the one place in America where even doctors can’t buy a home 12:01 A.M. ET Millennials are too forgetful to redeem their credit card points 4/11 KPMG partners fired over ethics breach 4/11 Asian markets slip as yen hits 5-month high 4/11 Trump to lift federal hiring freeze Wednesday 4/11 Updated Republican wins surprisingly close Kansas congressional election 4/11 Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ 4/11 Elliott attempting to oust Azko board chairman 4/11 China's consumer inflation rises in March 4/11 Japan machinery orders rebound in February 4/11 Agent Provocateur's U.S. unit files chapter 11 4/11 Tesla investors seek more independent board members 4/11 Fox News host Bill O'Reilly announces vacation amid advertiser revolt 4/11 Updated FBI had FISA warrant to snoop on ex-Trump adviser Carter Page: report 4/11 Samsung Galaxy S8’s ‘virtual assistant’ won’t be ready for U.S. launch 4/11 PC companies must sell to businesses or die, but what about Apple? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Wal-Mart slashes hundreds of corporate jobs By Sarah Nassauer Published: Apr 11, 2017 6:45 p.m. ET Share Layoffs hit international business, tech group and Sam’s Club Getty Images Since early 2016, Wal-Mart has cut more than 18,000 U.S. jobs. By SarahNassauer Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is cutting hundreds of corporate jobs this month, following similar layoffs earlier this year, as the retail giant looks for ways to save as it spends billions to improve its e-commerce operations and existing stores. The cuts fell broadly Tuesday and over the past few days on the international side of Wal-Mart’s business, as well as its technology group and at its warehouse chain Sam’s Club, according to people familiar with the matter. Wal-Mart’s chief executive Doug McMillon has told analysts that the company’s efforts to compete with Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.52%   would mean a renewed commitment to low-cost operations, including some layoffs. The move adds to a string of job cuts and layoffs over the last year. Earlier this year Wal-Mart WMT, +0.51%   cut about 1,00 corporate jobs, including 200 in its e-commerce department. An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com. This security attack costs companies over $3 billion in losses(1:49) Proofpoint CEO Gary Steele talks to MarketWatch about the cyber attacks that caused over $3 billion in losses in 2016 and how companies and individuals can protect themselves. Also popular on WSJ.com: United CEO apologizes to passenger pulled from plane. Seoul plays down possibility of pre-emptive U.S. strike on North Korea. More from MarketWatch How to not get bumped from a flight (and how to make the most money if you do) White House says removal of passenger from United Airlines was troubling United Airlines could pay dearly in China as passenger-dragging video spreads Quote References AMZN -4.68 -0.52% WMT +0.37 +0.51% Most Popular United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ Warren Buffett’s big bet on United Airlines could be costing him millions These airlines bump the most passengers involuntarily (United isn’t No. 1) Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple store MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $902.36 -4.68 (-0.52%) Volume 3.0M Open $907.04 High $911.24 Low $897.50 P/E Ratio 183.99 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 432.8B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $73.43 +0.37 (+0.51%) Volume 5.6M Open $73.00 High $73.45 Low $72.93 P/E Ratio 16.73 Div Yield 2.78 Market Cap 221.6B
99 Ways to Love Our Military Login Registration Home About Us Advertising Contact Us Follow us: Twitter Facebook Search MP Articles Active Duty Vets Market Place Auto + Motorcycles Business Directory Careers Classifieds Education Financial Health + Fitness + Beauty Housing + Real Estate Legal Night Life + After Hours Restaurants Services + Retail Travel + Hotel Reviews Books Movies MP Columns 2016 Election Travels with Hian Chargers Report Publisher’s Point Preaching to the Choir Siegel Sidebar The Veteran Fashionista Base Shopping Commissary Navy Exchange Jobs ‘Heidi’ is a story that never ages By Jeri Jacquin April 8, 2017 Movies On DVD available exclusively at Walmart from Ominbus Entertainment and director Alain Gsponer comes the tale of a young girl who capitives everyone with “Heidi.” Heidi (Anuk Steffen) meets her Grandfather Alpohi (Bruno Ganz) when the young girls’ Aunt Dete (Anna Schinz) has no where else to leave her. The Grandfather has a reputation with the locals as an angry man who hasn’t a kind word or deed for anyone. Heidi isn’t scared of her Grandfather, in fact she is delighted to be outside in the fresh air and greenery. Heidi even makes friends with the young goat herder Peter (Quirin Agrippi) as they spend time taking care of Grandfathers goats. Unexpectedly, Aunt Dete shows up ready to take Heidi back but Grandfather isn’t having it and tells her to leave. That doesn’t stop Aunt Dete when she finds Heidi on the mountain and scoops her away to Frankfurt to live in the home of a young girl in a wheelchair named Klara Sesemann (Isabelle Ottmann). Grandfather is beside himself but the town’s people jeer at him happy that Heidi is away from him. Nanny Fraulein Rottenmeier (Katharina Schuttler) keeps an eye on both girls running a strict household and not to happy with Heidi. The two girls become fast friends but that doesn’t stop Heidi from missing her beautiful mountains and Grandfather. When Klara’s father Herr Sesemann (Maxim Mehmet) sees how happy his daughter is, returning Heidi to Grandfather isn’t something he wants to do. But Klara’s Grandmother (Hannelore Hoger) has come to care for Heidi and sees that the young girl is torn. With the help of the staff Heidi is told she is going home and Klara is inconsolable. Back in the mountains Heidi immediately returns to the life of open skies, green grass and goats. Grandmother comes for a visit asking Grandfather if Klara can stay for a while visiting with Heidi. Happy to share her life with Klara, Heidi takes her anywhere the wheelchair can go. Peter isn’t happy feeling left out of Heidi’s friendship and one moment of anger changes everything for Klara! One little girl brings out the best in them all. Steffen as Heidi is adorable but then again she would have to be. Playing this iconic role, this young actress does an amazing job. Ganz as Grandfather doesn’t want anything to do with Heidi but his heart quickly melts and having her in his life becomes extremely important. Ganz as Grandfather begins with a wall between he and the young girl. Told that he should take care of his own granddaughter, it is only a matter of time before he experiences something missing in his life — love. Ganz gives the role the right touch of a man wanting to be alone until his own family needs him. Schinz as Aunt Dete doesn’t have what’s best for Heidi at heart and is, to my way of thinking, worse than Grandfather. Taking her far away is heartbreaking and dropping Heidi off like luggage made me think ‘good riddance’. That makes for a good performance! Ottoman as Klara is just as afraid as Heidi even if for different reasons. Heidi gives this confined young girl a reason to want something more. Schuttler as Fraulein Rottenmeier doesn’t think much of Heidi and has no problem showing her distain but that doesn’t stop the mountain girl from winning everyone else over. Hoger as Klara’s Grandmother clearly sees what is happening to both Klara and Heidi and even proves that Heidi can be taught. Son Herr Sesemann played by Mehmet is still refusing to deal with the loss of his wife or that his daughter is in a wheelchair but life has a way of surprising them all. Ominbus Entertainment is committed to sharing the most acclaimed independent films. With Omnibus Entertainment, they can bring even more of the most interesting and watchable films which is what fans have come to expect. To discover more about Omnibus Entertainment please visit www.filmmovement.com. Johanna Spyri wrote the novel “Heidi” in 1880, which has become an all-time children’s classic. Actually written as a two-volume novel of “Heidi: Her Years of Wandering and Learning” and “Heidi: How She Used What She Learned” has been translated into more than 50 languages from the original German. It has brought plays, films and television shows and I don’t see that stopping any time soon. This story brings family together with this Dove Foundation Family Approved film. That is important to those wanting to extend their home entertainment library to include films the whole family can enjoy together. “Heidi” is about love, loyalty, friendship, learning who you are and what you can accomplish and, most importantly, being true to yourself and your dreams. I can’t imagine “Heidi” doing anything less. In the end — she continues to be a timeless classic little girl! Comments comments Recommend to friends About the Author Jeri Jacquin Jeri Jacquin covers film, television, DVD/Bluray releases, celebrity interviews, festivals and all things entertainment. Recent Issue Facebook Military Press Newspaper 5 days ago One hundred years ago today, the US officially entered the 'Great War.' ... See MoreSee Less 7 things you may not know about WWI militarypress.com By Katie Lange | DoD News, Defense Media Activity World War I – a.k.a., the Great War – broke out in 1914 and significantly shaped the rest of the 20th Century, abroad and here at home. April 6, 20… View on Facebook ·Share Military Press Newspaper 2 weeks ago Win a digital copy of "Rogue One" here! ... See MoreSee Less Ready to ‘Go Rogue?’ www.militarypress.com It’s time to go back and visit a galaxy far, far away and the sooner the better! I happen to have something awesome to give away to help get you there. Up for grabs is a chance to win the Digital M… View on Facebook ·Share Military Press Newspaper 1 month ago Military Press Newspaper shared MCAS Miramar and 3rd MAW's post. ... See MoreSee Less Today, the Silent Drill Platoon, the United States Marine Drum and Bugle Corps and the official Marine Corps Color Guard perform during the Battle Color Ceremony at MCAS Miramar. Photo View on Facebook ·Share Military Press Newspaper 1 month ago Military Press Newspaper shared Camp Pendleton's photo. ... See MoreSee Less In case you can't make it to today's performance, don't miss our LIVE coverage of the Battle Color Detachment aboard Camp Pendleton. Live coverage begins at 3:30 p.m. PST here on Facebook or at the link below! #CampPen75 www.dvidshub.net/webcast/10648 Photo View on Facebook ·Share Military Press Newspaper 1 month ago Military Press Newspaper shared The War Horse's post. ... See MoreSee Less The War Horse What we say and do each day represents who we are, and there is no time off for Marines. We are all-in 24/7, and if that commitment to your excellence interferes with your me time or if you can't or are unwilling to commit to contributing 100 percent to our corps' warfighting ability by being a good teammate and improving cohesion and trust then I have to ask you, "do you really want to be a Marine?" - General Robert B. Neller, Commandant of the Marine Corps. View on Facebook ·Share View on Facebook Follow on Twitter Twitter Tweets by @mpnewspaper Twitter Facebook © 2014 The Military Press | 858-537-2280 × Authorization Login Password Registration Login Remember me Enter with social networking Unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem. With Twitter Connect With Google + × Registration Name Email Password Confirm Password Autorization Register * All fields required
Latest News Dow 20,651 -6.72 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,867 -14.15 -0.24% S&P 500 2,354 -3.38 -0.14% 2:56 A.M. ET WH Smith logs 4% growth in pretax profit 2:55 A.M. ET Tesco posts 30% rise in adjusted operating profit 2:51 A.M. ET Updated United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap 2:21 A.M. ET Updated How to dazzle voters on the campaign trail? Upstart French candidate turns to holograms 12:02 A.M. ET This is the one place in America where even doctors can’t buy a home 12:01 A.M. ET Millennials are too forgetful to redeem their credit card points 4/11 KPMG partners fired over ethics breach 4/11 Asian markets slip as yen hits 5-month high 4/11 Trump to lift federal hiring freeze Wednesday 4/11 Updated Republican wins surprisingly close Kansas congressional election 4/11 Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ 4/11 Elliott attempting to oust Azko board chairman 4/11 China's consumer inflation rises in March 4/11 Japan machinery orders rebound in February 4/11 Agent Provocateur's U.S. unit files chapter 11 4/11 Tesla investors seek more independent board members 4/11 Fox News host Bill O'Reilly announces vacation amid advertiser revolt 4/11 Updated FBI had FISA warrant to snoop on ex-Trump adviser Carter Page: report 4/11 Samsung Galaxy S8’s ‘virtual assistant’ won’t be ready for U.S. launch 4/11 PC companies must sell to businesses or die, but what about Apple? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Wal-Mart slashes hundreds of corporate jobs By Sarah Nassauer Published: Apr 11, 2017 6:45 p.m. ET Share Layoffs hit international business, tech group and Sam’s Club Getty Images Since early 2016, Wal-Mart has cut more than 18,000 U.S. jobs. By SarahNassauer Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is cutting hundreds of corporate jobs this month, following similar layoffs earlier this year, as the retail giant looks for ways to save as it spends billions to improve its e-commerce operations and existing stores. The cuts fell broadly Tuesday and over the past few days on the international side of Wal-Mart’s business, as well as its technology group and at its warehouse chain Sam’s Club, according to people familiar with the matter. Wal-Mart’s chief executive Doug McMillon has told analysts that the company’s efforts to compete with Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.52%   would mean a renewed commitment to low-cost operations, including some layoffs. The move adds to a string of job cuts and layoffs over the last year. Earlier this year Wal-Mart WMT, +0.51%   cut about 1,00 corporate jobs, including 200 in its e-commerce department. An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com. This security attack costs companies over $3 billion in losses(1:49) Proofpoint CEO Gary Steele talks to MarketWatch about the cyber attacks that caused over $3 billion in losses in 2016 and how companies and individuals can protect themselves. Also popular on WSJ.com: United CEO apologizes to passenger pulled from plane. Seoul plays down possibility of pre-emptive U.S. strike on North Korea. More from MarketWatch How to Make Cheap Earbuds Sound Like $200 Headphones United Airlines Passenger Violently Removed From Flight Apple loses top spot on Laptop Magazine’s best brands ranking for 2017 Quote References AMZN -4.68 -0.52% WMT +0.37 +0.51% Most Popular United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ Warren Buffett’s big bet on United Airlines could be costing him millions These airlines bump the most passengers involuntarily (United isn’t No. 1) Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple store MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $902.36 -4.68 (-0.52%) Volume 3.0M Open $907.04 High $911.24 Low $897.50 P/E Ratio 183.99 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 432.8B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $73.43 +0.37 (+0.51%) Volume 5.6M Open $73.00 High $73.45 Low $72.93 P/E Ratio 16.73 Div Yield 2.78 Market Cap 221.6B
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Topics Handbook Cities More Topics Architecture Interior Design Tiny Homes Prefab Home Tech House Calls For Sale Longform Maps Handbook Cities Atlanta Austin Boston Chicago Detroit Hamptons Los Angeles Miami New Orleans New York Philadelphia San Francisco Seattle Washington DC ✕ Property Lines In Baltimore, Under Armour’s owner invests in a $5.5 billion bet on his city New, 2 comments Can a high-stakes, high-tech real estate development spur real economic growth? by Patrick Sisson Apr 11, 2017, 12:57pm EDT tweet share pin A rendering of Port Covington, a 5.5 billion-dollar development project in Baltimore funded by Sagamore Development, a real estate firm owned by Under Armour founder Kevin Plank. Sagamore Development The opening of any new hotel carries a certain amount of optimism and symbolism. That went double for the March debut of Sagamore Pendry, the latest high-end hotel to open in Baltimore. It wasn’t just the luxurious look of the 128-room hotel—complete with a steakhouse, whiskey bar, outdoor pool, and nods to horse racing, a reference to Maryland’s history of raising thoroughbreds—that made news. The building, once featured on the television show Homicide, part of the string of true-crime dramas that have given many an unsavory impression of the city, has a certain symbolic resonance, and its renovation is a signal things are changing. It’s a sentiment the company, Sagamore Development, has channeled for Port Covington, a $5.5 billion waterfront development plan and one of the nation’s largest real estate projects. Located on the Patapsco River, this new city-within-a-city is viewed by many backers and Baltimoreans as a catalyst to raise the city’s profile and build a 21st-century economy. Bankrolled by Kevin Plank—the hometown entrepreneurial success story and billionaire founder of Under Armour, the athletic-apparel giant and owner of Sagamore—and public funding, this site isn’t just a massive investment in infrastructure, industry, and waterfront property, though it’s definitely all those things. It includes 2.5 miles of restored waterfront, 40-plus acres of new parks, 14.1 million square feet of mixed-use development on 235 acres spread across 45 city blocks, a new 3.9-million-square-foot Under Armour global headquarters, a light-rail station, and a score of next-generation manufacturing centers and startup spaces. According to Sagamore executives, it’s not just a Plank investment (the company is expected to invest $327.8 million in what is expected to be a total of $5 billion in public and private funds over the lifetime of the project). It’s meant to be the place where the next Kevin Plank develops ideas and builds dreams. “We haven’t done this in a transactional way; we consider this development fundamentally important to the city,” says Tom Geddes, CEO of Plank Industries, which owns Sagamore. “What the team has put together is so significant, by the time it’s done, it won’t be thought of as the Under Armour project in the same way it’s thought of today.” Despite being located just a few miles downriver from the Inner Harbor, a tourist attraction and model of industrial waterfront redevelopment, “this was an area that was pretty much unknown to many people in Baltimore,” says Marc Weller, president of Sagamore Development. “There were several failed attempts to develop here; even a Sam’s Club and Walmart couldn’t make it work. That’s a pretty bad sign if Walmart can’t make it work.” Building something from nothing, according to Sagamore representatives, is a significant investment by Plank in growing both his company’s future—Under Armour, which made $4.8 billion last year after posting 22 percent growth, is rapidly expanding—and the city and community he calls home. An independent analysis found the project would create 35,000 new jobs. A $135.9 million benefit agreement with the city, including promises to build affordable housing, provide $10 million in loans to local businesses to train the local workforce in next-generation manufacturing and technology, and hire Baltimore residents, aims to make this a new innovation hub. While Port Covington is also a big bet by the city, which approved a $660 million-dollar Tax Increment Financing deal (or TIF) to help develop infrastructure in the neighborhood, it’s a project whose scope and size wouldn’t be possible without a private benefactor. It’s ambitions—to build a model of the life-work-play lifestyle that’s both a magnet for the creative class and an engine for local development—raise the question of whether this type of project can both provide capital that benefits the entire city’s economy and help local residents who have traditionally been left out of the “innovation economy." An overhead rendering of Port Covington’s plan once the development is finished. Sagamore Development This massive investment is happening at the same time as an equally ambitious plan in West Baltimore, called Innovation Village, seeks to create that same economic catalyst from the ground up. The product of years of neighborhood organizing and redevelopment work by residents in traditionally underserved neighborhoods such as Sandtown-Winchester, Druid Heights, Marble Hill, Bolton Hill, and Reservoir Hill, this initiative measures its budget in millions, not billions. But by taking a different approach, it hopes to make a similar-sized impact. “For years, the crime story was all people were talking about when they spoke about Baltimore,” says Richard May, the former financial management consultant and current chairman of the Innovation Village development. “You can get a crab cake here and then you get shot. But there’s so much innovation happening here, great, world-changing ideas, that have historically come out of places like Baltimore.” According to Weller, Plank made the deliberate choice to keep his company in Baltimore, and decided to do more than simply develop the office campus-as-an-island concept. By funding Port Covington, he can not only develop talent for Under Armour and create world-class facilities, but also develop the land nearby and give a boost to the city. With that in mind, he created Sagamore (named after his Baltimore County horse farm) as a privately owned investment company in 2012, which by 2013 began purchasing parcels of land in Port Covington. The city sees Plank’s plan as a transformative investment. According to William Cole, president and CEO of the Baltimore Development Corporation, a city-contracted nonprofit that pushes public-private investment projects, this is a huge opportunity for the city and a chance to transform an underutilized piece of land, create tens of thousands of new jobs, and keep a marquee name in town, all while building a brand-new tax base. It’s hard to imagine a better plot of land to work with: acres of waterfront property adjacent to I-95, the busiest highway on the East Coast. Rendering of a view from I-95 once Port Covington is completed. Sagamore Devleopment Some city residents and politicians have raised their eyebrows over the public financing for the deal, arguing about the TIF, which diverts tax revenues towards infrastructure projects, and whether it’s robbing the city of income for schools and other programs. But according to Cole, this deal’s structure makes it a good bet for Baltimore. “It’s important to remember that the TIF is only for infrastructure,” he says. “None of this will go towards Under Armour’s campus or other private buildings [Sagamore sold the land for Under Armour’s HQ to the company, which will develop it with its own funds]. This isn’t a capital-rich city, so we need to use other means of financing to make this project possible. And without an anchor tenant, and the financial strength of Under Armour, we wouldn’t consider this a viable option.” Port Covington’s promise, in part, lies in being a draw for the creative class, the tech-savvy, entrepreneurial workforce that every developer and city planner in the country seems to be chasing after. It certainly will have all the hallmarks of a millennial-friendly development: Forty acres of waterfront parks; a gigabit-speed internet network; marketing by Marcus Stephens, the expert behind Under Armour’s branding, who now works for Plank Industries; as well as an array of workshops and workspaces, including the Foundery, a makerspace offering everything from CNC milling to blacksmithing, and City Garage, a 20,000-square-foot tech hub and innovation center. These are also the areas where South Baltimore residents will be able to participate in skills and workforce classes, like a new manufacturing bootcamp funded by Sagamore. “The ethos of the project is going to be to attract the creative class,” says Steven Siegel, Executive Vice President of Sagamore Development. “This is about innovators, artisans, and craftspeople.” Baltimore, like many cities, wants to retain its young talent (the city’s millennial population of roughly 105,000 is 17 percent of the city’s total). The city boasts more than 13 colleges and universities, including top-flight schools such as Johns Hopkins University, and needs “retention tools for young talent,” according to Cole. With so many people finishing their degrees in town, city officials want to find a way to keep them around. According to Jen Meyer, CEO of Betamore, a local nonprofit startup incubator, it’s a serious concern. Many local tech workers see their path leading out of town. “People who study here tend to think that if they want a technology job, they need to move somewhere else: Boston, Austin, Silicon Valley, New York,” she says. “Port Covington offers a live, work, play situation in a location where there haven’t been many options like that.” Meyer adds that there are also a lot of underemployed locals looking for something better. Port Covington is trying to address these needs too. According to Geddes, the developers have formed a partnership with six local, high-need communities in South Baltimore that have traditionally felt disconnected from the city, providing planning input as well as job opportunities and workforce development. “We have a real partnership with them,” he says. “This isn’t a check-writing relationship. We have an entity with a shared board, and we engage in visioning exercises with them to get their input into actions that impact their communities.” While Port Covington follows a build-it-and-they-will-come strategy, across town, Innovation Village wants to focus more on what’s already here. The idea—linking together local community groups and schools, such as Coppin State University, and creating a web of incubators and startup support services in a roughly 1,300-acre disinvested area of West Baltimore—has begun to take shape over the last few years, with the help of roughly $7 million in state and local funds. An early sketch of the project replacing the infamous Murder Mall housing project. MCB The capstone development will be the replacement of a decrepit and abandoned 27-building housing development infamously known as Murder Mall, which is nearly demolished, with a $100 million mixed-use project by MCB Real Estate, which will include hundreds of mixed-income apartments, retail and office space, and a 50,000-square-foot tech hub for local businesses. May hopes to create a plan that focuses on the future and economic vibrancy; that brings new life into an area full of history while keeping people in place. “We knew this presented an incredible opportunity to get ahead of redevelopment and shape what could be on that site,” he says. “Looking back on history, especially urban renewal, it’s important for neighborhoods to realize that once it’s built, it’s hard to get it removed. It’s hard to move something if it causes a problem.” May says the way to holistically develop, and avoid gentrification, is to focus on a first wave of companies that aren’t just profit motivated, but also purpose motivated. Companies such as Conscious Venture Labs (which received $100,000 from the city), which are focused on nonprofit work or workforce development. At the epicenter of the neighborhood where Freddie Gray lived, he says, we need to help locals be a key part of turning ideas into businesses. Everyone matters, and everyone has talent, and everyone should participate. May says the way to holistically develop, and avoid gentrification, is to focus on a first wave of companies that aren’t just profit motivated, but purpose motivated. The backbone, however, is outreach and partnerships. May and the Innovation Village team are working with schools in West Baltimore, as well as pushing and promoting restaurants, small businesses, and neighborhood-level retail. This boots-on-the-ground push, and the cultivation of relationships, recalls one of the city’s more complimentary nicknames: Smalltimore, a reference to its close-knit population. “It’s not just the innovation economy and the creative economy that we need,” says May. “The regular blocking and tackling of small businesses is also part of the plan.” A row house in the Reservoir Hill neighborhood of Baltimore, which will be included in the Innovation Village Plan. Urbanfeel: Flick/Creative Commons “Innovation Village has found a way to create a destination, not in a building but in a neighborhood,” says Cole, the president of the Baltimore Development Corporation. “These are areas that have struggled to attract development, and retail has lagged behind. There’s plenty of housing stock, but no jobs for those who live there. Now, people don’t have to go to a new neighborhood to find a place to work.” While both developments work at different scales and take different approaches, their proponents see them as complementary more than anything else. May anticipates that many of those who work and learn in Innovation Village will eventually be hired for a job at Port Covington. There’s plenty of room for collaboration between both developments. It’s all about activating all of a city’s talent. “We have 400,000 African Americans in Baltimore, and three out of four people self-identify as people of color,” May says. “We need to make sure, if we’re living in a democracy, that the economy works for a majority of the citizens a majority of the time.” Next Up In Property Lines Austin eco-development Whisper Valley bets big on sustainable suburbs from Curbed Chicago In Chicago’s Woodlawn, community development sparks talk of neighborhood renewal from Curbed NY New South Bronx waterfront development has residents asking who it's for Flint, Michigan, looks to shake off stigmas of the past with a rising downtown As small businesses struggle, these U.S. cities are helping entrepreneurs thrive New high-end developments bring the city to the suburbs Trending Own Fixer Upper’s ‘Barndominium’ for $1.2M The five-bedroom home comes with a charming Dutch roof, contemporary interior styling, 16 acres of private land, and a whole bunch of drama. Tiny desert cube house has everything you need for $275K Clad in weathered corrugated steel, the compact home takes advantage of its one-acre site by way of sliding glass doors and an expansive rooftop deck. Off-road camper was built to survive the Australian Outback Trailers by Conqueror Australia boast an array of adventure-oriented amenities that make backcountry survival a breeze. Where should you live in 12 U.S. cities? Twelve different Curbed city sites have created quizzes to help you decide which neighborhood is perfect for you. Hyperloop One reveals plan to connect 35 U.S. cities Hyperloop One says its new network would connect 83 million Americans. But will this really ever happen? More Trending Newsletter Enter your email address Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 61. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Immigrant households impact success of real estate market, says report The country’s immigrant population helped housing bounce back from recession, and may help drive future ownership by Patrick Sisson Sony's new e-paper tablet could change how designers sketch Lightweight and just over half a centimeter in thickness, the DPT-RP1 should appeal to anyone who loves notebooks and working on paper—but also loves a streamlined and organized workspace. by Lauren Ro The Fair Housing Act: an explainer On its anniversary, the importance and continued relevance of the landmark civil rights bill by Patrick Sisson 1 comment / new Tiny desert cube house has everything you need for $275K Clad in weathered corrugated steel, the compact home takes advantage of its one-acre site by way of sliding glass doors and an expansive rooftop deck. by Lauren Ro 1 comment / new Where should you live in 12 U.S. cities? Twelve different Curbed city sites have created quizzes to help you decide which neighborhood is perfect for you. by Megan Barber Gorgeous concrete house is stacked with courtyard gardens Inserted between two concrete facades, the courtyard gardens and glass walls bring natural light and ventilation to every room. by Selina Cheah Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Community Guidelines Masthead About Curbed All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse These 3 Companies Captured 84% Of American Business Last Year Brett Hershman , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} April 11, 2017 1:58pm   Comments Share: Related WMT Gold Miners, Skechers, Wal-Mart, Whole Foods: Fast Money Picks For April 10 The Market In 5 Minutes Stocks Seek Direction As Trump Starts Over On Tax Refom (Investor's Business Daily) A recent report from the NPD Group shows three businesses captured at least 84 percent of American’s business in 2016. The 3 Leaders Of all the companies including in the report, Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE: WMT) captured the highest percentage of American business, with 95 percent of Americans buying from the company at least once a year. McDonald’s Corporation (NYSE: MCD) came in at No. 2 with 89 percent of American buyers. Target Corporation (NYSE: TGT) rounds out the top three at 84 percent. Checkout Penetration Index The report comes from checkout tracking data from the checkout penetration index and confirms that these three retailers have “become fully woven into American life — reaching an extraordinary percentage of buyers at least once a year.” The index is based on millions of receipts from actual transactions across all retailers and restaurants, both online and in brick-and-mortar. Strong Performances Of Note The restaurant with the biggest percentage increase in the top 25 was Chick-fil-A, experiencing a 5-percentage-point increase in penetration in 2016, while the biggest gain in retail came from Dollar Tree, Inc. (NASDAQ: DLTR), seeing a 3-percentage-point increase. Both companies have been aggressively expanding operations nationwide. “The battle for every consumer dollar is heating up, and we must shift from studying what consumers purchase to how they spend their money,” said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst at the NPD Group. “Consumers spending on experiences is overlapping with their purchases of products, making every item and visit so important to competing in today’s rapidly changing marketplace.” Related Links: Here's Why Amazon and Wal-Mart's Price War Is Bad News For Major Brands McDonald's Is Getting Serious About Menu Changes __________ Image Credit: By MikeMozartJeepersMedia - Own work, CC BY-SA 3.0, via Wikimedia Commons Posted-In: Chick-fil-A Dollar Tree Marshall Cohen mcdonaldsNews Top Stories Markets Media Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (DLTR + MCD) Wall Street Knows What Teens Like Should Ulta Beauty Split Its Stock? Can Teen Sentiment Inform Stock Picks? What Do Wall Street Analysts Think Of The Panera Up-For-Sale Report? Dollar Store Bears Come Out Of Hibernation; Deutsche Stays Positive On Dollar Tree Teens Rank Corporations By Coolness; Do Rankings Correlate To Success? View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on WMT Trending Recent 1 GERN, SHOS: 16 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 UAL, TWTR: United Air Facing A Twitter Tailspin As Responses To Overbook... 3 GSAT, STRP: Straight Path Communications Buyout Blindsides Shor... 4 JUNO, SLP: 6 Stocks To Watch For April 10, 2017 5 IM, LAYN: Earnings Scheduled For April 10, 2017 6 AGX, SEAC: 6 Stocks To Watch For Apr... 7 IDRA, SALE: 20 Stocks Movin... 1 AAPL: Apple Has Biggest Intraday Decline Of 2017 And Rebounds 2 JPM, BAC: Q1 Earnings Kick Off: Can Big Banks Reignite Sagging Rally In The Space? 3 KR, AMZN: Sell-Side's View On Whole Foods' New Activist Inve... 4 TNXP, PLSE: 16 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Tuesday 5 STX: Seagate Higher After Longbow Upgrade 6 TWX: Welcome To Sesame Street, Julia! You're... 7 DISH, STRP: Speculative Spectrum Names In Play... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Apple Has Biggest Intraday Decline Of 2017 And Rebounds
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search An Activist at the Whole Foods Table: What it Means for WFM's Turnaround Chances ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More An Activist at the Whole Foods Table: What it Means for WFM's Turnaround Chances By Victoria Craig Published April 11, 2017 Food and Beverage FOXBusiness Facebook Twitter Comments Print A customer exits a Whole Foods Market in New York City, U.S., February 7, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid (Copyright Reuters 2017) There’s a food fight brewing at Whole Foods (WFM). Continue Reading Below Facing stiff competition from “main stream” rivals like Kroger (KR) and Walmart (WMT) and six-straight quarters of sales declines at stores open at least a year, the upscale grocer -- credited with kick starting the organic food craze – now has an activist investor interested in accelerating a turnaround and a potential sale. Jana Partners this week disclosed a nearly 9% combined stake in the company and outlined a host of problems it wants Whole Foods management to address.  The New-York based hedge fund is calling for changes at the Texas-based grocer and, in turn, a reversal of “chronic underperformance” for Whole Foods shareholders. To accomplish its goals, Jana said, if necessary, it would also consider nominating individuals for election to Whole Foods’ board of directors. Though in its disclosure filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Jana said it wouldn’t try to be a part of a Whole Foods merger or sale, the activist could still consider pressuring Whole Foods to take those actions on its own. Whole Foods shares, which have gained 11% since the start of the year, leaped 10% on the news late Monday, though they fell along with the broader market on Tuesday to around $33 apiece. In response to Jana’s interest in the company, Whole Foods in a statement said it welcomes the investment and is “open to the views and opinions of all of our shareholders.” Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT “We value constructive dialogue toward our shared goals of creating shareholder value, successfully executing on our strategic priorities and taking actions that will position the company for continued success,” the statement read. Tech, Taste and a Turnaround Wall Street analysts were mixed on what Jana’s interest in Whole Foods means for the future of the company – some groups, including a team at Credit Suisse, moved to an outperform rating and bumped up its price target on the stock to $40, while others – including a team at UBS, took a more pessimistic view through a sell rating alongside a lower price target of $34.17. The Credit Suisse team, led by Edward Kelly, saw Jana’s stake as a long-awaited catalyst the stock needed to move higher, and an opportunity for Whole Foods to either fix its problems once and for all, or sell the business. “Part of our positive thesis on [Whole Foods] is that good brands don’t underperform forever. We believe [Whole Foods] has superior brand value but has arguably been mismanaged as the company failed to adapt to the evolving food retail landscape,” the team said. Those issues – including a lack of cohesive technology platforms, customer data, and a weak pricing strategy – were among problems Whole Foods identified in its fiscal first quarter earnings call as it outlined plans to scale back on both the number of existing stores and planned openings alongside more investment in its core customer – dubbed the “Whole Foodie.”  To that end, Morgan Stanley Research (MS) data show lower prices at other grocers remains the primary reason for shoppers not to make the trip to Whole Foods. But analysts there believe a bigger focus on customer data -- through a previously announced partnership with dunnhumby (a consumer science company) and Nielson -- will help Whole Foods better understand its core customer and offer more deals, value opportunities and emphasis on quality to not only drive shoppers through the doors more often, but encourage them to up their spending once they’re there. “We believe 365 can be a part of Whole Foods’ reset strategy and refocus on its core consumer,” Morgan Stanley Research equity analyst Vincent Sinisi said. “In this new format, Whole Foods has a testing ground for new products, pricing strategies and technologies. We believe trying out new items such as per item pricing (versus per pound) and digital ordering kiosks can be done in a lower risk manner in 365 locations. This can provide [Whole Foods] with data and firsthand experience ahead of rollouts across its core store base.”  Not everyone on the Street is on board, though. The smaller, lower-priced 365 stores could cannibalize Whole Foods’ full-line stores, warned a team of Credit Suisse analysts led by Michael Lasser. The biggest challenge they see boils down to competitive pricing, and the grocer’s struggle to win not just the core Whole Foods shopper, but marginal shoppers as well. While the team views Jana’s plans as “ambitious,” it also said the challenges facing Whole Foods run deep and a more meaningful evolution of its business model is needed to see long-term success.  Related Content After Losing Customers to Walmart and Kroger, Whole Foods Fights to Keep 'Whole Foodies' As Traditional Retail Struggles, Wall Street Cheers Canada Goose's Prospects Retail Socks March Job Gains, Jobless Rate Drops to ’07 Low Neiman Marcus Sees Experiences, Tech as Way Forward Amid Retail Slowdown Payless Files for Bankruptcy Protection, will Close Nearly 400 Stores What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper BS Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Economy & Policy » News India to initiate free trade talks with Georgia Business Standard Modi govt to launch Rs 6000 crore 'SAMPADA' scheme for farmers Modi govt will soon launch an umbrella programme 'SAMPADA' for food processing sector PTI  |  New Delhi  April 11, 2017 Last Updated at 22:14 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUuv4D Farmers ALSO READ All 42 mega food parks to be operational in 2 yrs, says Badal At least $10 bn of FDI waiting for right signals, says Harsimrat Kaur Badal Not just Tesco, Auchan, Walmart, even Biyani & Reliance keen on food FDI: Harsimrat Kaur Badal Govt to promote new technologies to reduce food wastage Fill infrastructural gaps hampering food processing in India: Assocham The government will soon launch an umbrella programme 'SAMPADA' for food processing sector with Rs 6,000 crore outlay to integrate current and new schemes aimed at reducing food wastage and doubling farmers' income. Announcing this, Food Processing Minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal said her ministry would soon approach the Cabinet for the approval of 'Scheme for Agro-Marine Produce Processing and Development of Agro-Processing Clusters (SAMPADA).' "We will shortly launch an umbrella scheme SAMPADA for overall development of the food processing sector. It will include ongoing schemes like mega food parks and cold chain projects as well as three new schemes that we will launch," Badal told reporters here. To create infrastructure for improving the entire food supply chain, three schemes- 'Creation/ Expansion of Food Processing and Preservation Capacities', 'New Agro-Processing Clusters' and 'Backward and Forward Linkages' are on anvil. Badal said the government is taking steps to boost food processing sector as part of its objective to bring down post harvest losses preferably to zero level, provide quality food to consumers at cheaper price and for doubling of farmers' income. The Centre has so far sanctioned 42 mega food parks and 234 cold chain projects with 139 lakh tonnes of preserving and processing capacity of agro-produce worth Rs 35,000 crore. The post-harvest losses is estimated at Rs 92,000 crore annually, she said, adding that these food parks and cold chains would help in cutting this wastage. These projects, being set up with a total investment of about Rs 15,000 crore, will also generate employment for 3.5 lakh persons and benefit 15 lakh farmers. "We are mapping all agro-clusters in the country. Under the new scheme, we will provide up to Rs 10 crore of subsidy grant for creating infrastructure at each of these clusters so that seamless transfer of food products from producing to consuming centres becomes a reality," Badal said. The minister held an interaction with promoters of newly- allotted 101 Integrated Cold Chain Projects here. Elaborating on proposed SAMPADA scheme, Special Secretary in the ministry Jagdish Prasad Meena said the Rs 6,000-crore programme will be implemented by 2019-20 fiscal. "This programme will help create infrastructure for linkage of entire supply chain," he added. Last month, food processing ministry sanctioned 101 new cold chain projects being set up by firms like Big Basket, Amul and Haldiram entailing Rs 3,100 crore in investments. The ministry's grant-in-aid for these projects will be Rs 838 crore, while the remaining over Rs 2,200 crore will come from the private sector. Read More On Sampada Scheme | Harsimrat Kaur Badal | Food Processing | Food Wastage | Sampada | Economy & Policy | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Enhance Your Negotiation Skills with MIT Faculty. FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Club ITC - 25% earnings on dining at ITC Hotels Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Your personal loan can help you consolidate debt Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards 6 ways to secure your mobile phone against attackers Learn Negotiation Strategies and Tactics from MIT New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Modi govt to launch Rs 6000 crore 'SAMPADA' scheme for farmers Modi govt will soon launch an umbrella programme 'SAMPADA' for food processing sector The government will soon launch an umbrella programme 'SAMPADA' for food processing sector with Rs 6,000 crore outlay to integrate current and new schemes aimed at reducing food wastage and doubling farmers' income.Announcing this, Food Processing Minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal said her ministry would soon approach the Cabinet for the approval of 'Scheme for Agro-Marine Produce Processing and Development of Agro-Processing Clusters (SAMPADA).' "We will shortly launch an umbrella scheme SAMPADA for overall development of the food processing sector. It will include ongoing schemes like mega food parks and cold chain projects as well as three new schemes that we will launch," Badal told reporters here.To create infrastructure for improving the entire food supply chain, three schemes- 'Creation/ Expansion of Food Processing and Preservation Capacities', 'New Agro-Processing Clusters' and 'Backward and Forward Linkages' are on anvil.Badal said the government is taking steps to boost food ... The government will soon launch an umbrella programme 'SAMPADA' for food processing sector with Rs 6,000 crore outlay to integrate current and new schemes aimed at reducing food wastage and doubling farmers' income. Announcing this, Food Processing Minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal said her ministry would soon approach the Cabinet for the approval of 'Scheme for Agro-Marine Produce Processing and Development of Agro-Processing Clusters (SAMPADA).' "We will shortly launch an umbrella scheme SAMPADA for overall development of the food processing sector. It will include ongoing schemes like mega food parks and cold chain projects as well as three new schemes that we will launch," Badal told reporters here. To create infrastructure for improving the entire food supply chain, three schemes- 'Creation/ Expansion of Food Processing and Preservation Capacities', 'New Agro-Processing Clusters' and 'Backward and Forward Linkages' are on anvil. Badal said the government is taking steps to boost food processing sector as part of its objective to bring down post harvest losses preferably to zero level, provide quality food to consumers at cheaper price and for doubling of farmers' income. The Centre has so far sanctioned 42 mega food parks and 234 cold chain projects with 139 lakh tonnes of preserving and processing capacity of agro-produce worth Rs 35,000 crore. The post-harvest losses is estimated at Rs 92,000 crore annually, she said, adding that these food parks and cold chains would help in cutting this wastage. These projects, being set up with a total investment of about Rs 15,000 crore, will also generate employment for 3.5 lakh persons and benefit 15 lakh farmers. "We are mapping all agro-clusters in the country. Under the new scheme, we will provide up to Rs 10 crore of subsidy grant for creating infrastructure at each of these clusters so that seamless transfer of food products from producing to consuming centres becomes a reality," Badal said. The minister held an interaction with promoters of newly- allotted 101 Integrated Cold Chain Projects here. Elaborating on proposed SAMPADA scheme, Special Secretary in the ministry Jagdish Prasad Meena said the Rs 6,000-crore programme will be implemented by 2019-20 fiscal. "This programme will help create infrastructure for linkage of entire supply chain," he added. Last month, food processing ministry sanctioned 101 new cold chain projects being set up by firms like Big Basket, Amul and Haldiram entailing Rs 3,100 crore in investments. The ministry's grant-in-aid for these projects will be Rs 838 crore, while the remaining over Rs 2,200 crore will come from the private sector. PTI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Modi govt to launch Rs 6000 crore 'SAMPADA' scheme for farmers Modi govt will soon launch an umbrella programme 'SAMPADA' for food processing sector The government will soon launch an umbrella programme 'SAMPADA' for food processing sector with Rs 6,000 crore outlay to integrate current and new schemes aimed at reducing food wastage and doubling farmers' income. Announcing this, Food Processing Minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal said her ministry would soon approach the Cabinet for the approval of 'Scheme for Agro-Marine Produce Processing and Development of Agro-Processing Clusters (SAMPADA).' "We will shortly launch an umbrella scheme SAMPADA for overall development of the food processing sector. It will include ongoing schemes like mega food parks and cold chain projects as well as three new schemes that we will launch," Badal told reporters here. To create infrastructure for improving the entire food supply chain, three schemes- 'Creation/ Expansion of Food Processing and Preservation Capacities', 'New Agro-Processing Clusters' and 'Backward and Forward Linkages' are on anvil. Badal said the government is taking steps to boost food processing sector as part of its objective to bring down post harvest losses preferably to zero level, provide quality food to consumers at cheaper price and for doubling of farmers' income. The Centre has so far sanctioned 42 mega food parks and 234 cold chain projects with 139 lakh tonnes of preserving and processing capacity of agro-produce worth Rs 35,000 crore. The post-harvest losses is estimated at Rs 92,000 crore annually, she said, adding that these food parks and cold chains would help in cutting this wastage. These projects, being set up with a total investment of about Rs 15,000 crore, will also generate employment for 3.5 lakh persons and benefit 15 lakh farmers. "We are mapping all agro-clusters in the country. Under the new scheme, we will provide up to Rs 10 crore of subsidy grant for creating infrastructure at each of these clusters so that seamless transfer of food products from producing to consuming centres becomes a reality," Badal said. The minister held an interaction with promoters of newly- allotted 101 Integrated Cold Chain Projects here. Elaborating on proposed SAMPADA scheme, Special Secretary in the ministry Jagdish Prasad Meena said the Rs 6,000-crore programme will be implemented by 2019-20 fiscal. "This programme will help create infrastructure for linkage of entire supply chain," he added. Last month, food processing ministry sanctioned 101 new cold chain projects being set up by firms like Big Basket, Amul and Haldiram entailing Rs 3,100 crore in investments. The ministry's grant-in-aid for these projects will be Rs 838 crore, while the remaining over Rs 2,200 crore will come from the private sector. PTI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Advanced Microgrid Solutions to Design, Install and Operate 40 MWh of Advanced Energy Storage Systems at Select U.S. Walmart Stores BENTONVILLE, Ark. and SAN FRANCISCO, April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Advanced Microgrid Solutions ("AMS") announced today they would work with Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. to deploy AMS's Hybrid Electric Building® technology in select Walmart stores in the U.S.  Under the agreement, AMS will design, install and operate advanced energy storage systems at Walmart stores that will improve efficiency, guarantee energy savings, and provide fast, flexible grid support to local utilities, all at no upfront cost to Walmart. In the first phase of the project, AMS will install 40 megawatt hours ("MWh") of advanced energy storage systems at 27 Walmart stores in Southern California.  These energy storage systems will allow the retail giant to reduce costs by permanently reducing each store's peak electricity demand while providing dispatchable grid support to Southern California Edison ("SCE").  "Cost efficiency is the hallmark of the Walmart brand," said Mark Vanderhelm, vice president, Energy for Walmart.  "Adding energy storage capabilities to our clean energy resources reduces the capacity needed from the grid and is part of our commitment to increase reliance on renewable energy." A global leader in clean energy and efficiency, Walmart has an ambitious goal to power 50 percent of their operations with renewable energy sources by 2025 and has already installed onsite generation, including solar PV, at 350 of its stores.  Hybrid Electric Buildings® automatically and efficiently optimize a building's overall energy usage, controlling energy consumption and lowering costs, while generating revenues from utilities for grid services.  Southern California Edison, one of the largest grid operators in the U.S., will be able to tap into these advanced energy storage systems to reduce demand on the grid as part of SCE's groundbreaking grid modernization project. "When it comes to sustainable and efficient energy management, Walmart sets the global standard," said Susan Kennedy, CEO of AMS. "Walmart continues to demonstrate its visionary leadership by delivering high quality and low costs for its customers." About Advanced Microgrid Solutions | Advanced Microgrid Solutions (AMS) is pioneering the use of advanced energy storage systems for energy management and utility services. AMS designs, finances, installs and manages advanced energy management solutions for commercial, industrial and government building owners. AMS's energy storage portfolio management software provides continuously optimized resource management, cost reduction and revenue generation for large-scale energy users and utilities.  To learn more, visit www.advmicrogrid.com and follow us on twitter: @advmicrogrid.   SOURCE Advanced Microgrid Solutions CategoriesUncategorized TagsAlternative Energies, Licensing/Marketing Agreements, Oil/Energy, Utilities Post navigation Previous PostPrevious B-TEMIA devient partenaire de Lockheed Martin Next PostNext NYX Gaming Group Sets New Grand National Record with 68,000 Peak Bets-per-minute Search Recent Posts Kobre & Kim Expands Multijurisdictional Insolvency Disputes Capabilities With Senior London Hire Firefly Credit Union to Host Community Blood Drive Increasing Incidence Rate of Skin Disorders Drives the Global Tissue Engineered Skin Substitutes Market Global Multi-parameter Patient Monitoring Equipment Market is Expanding at a CAGR of 4.4% from 2015 to 2023 High Prevalence of Infectious Diseases Drives the Global Antibacterial Drugs Market Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Search Open Menu Gear 2017 Winter Buyer's Guide Gear Reviews Cycle Life The Edge Covet Gear Guy XX Factor Outfitted Gear Archive Affiliate Policy Travel Best Towns National Parks Getaways Travel Archive Fitness Get in the Shape of Your Life Fit List In Stride Performance Plate Fitness Archive Sponsor ContentThe Trailfit Guide to San Francisco Adventure Adventure Sports Athletes Survival The Stream Adventure Archive Culture Best Jobs Eat & Drink Raising Rippers Culture Archive Video Submit a Video Gear Videos Fitness Videos Adventure Videos How-To Videos Magazine Issue Archive Outside iPad App Features Outside Turns 40 Subscribe Print Edition Give a Gift Free Newsletters Podcast Subscribe Science of Survival The Outside Interview Dispatches XX Factor We Need More Images of Women in Outdoor Media A handful of marketing campaigns and magazines, including Outside, are pushing to represent active women as they really are—strong, diverse, and powerful By: Kelly Bastone Apr 11, 2017 Share This Facebook Icon Share Twitter Icon Tweet Pinterest Icon Pinterest SMS Text Email Icon Email The way women are portrayed in media has incredible influence on how girls will view themselves. REI's Force of Nature campaign strives to portray women of all shapes, sizes, ethnicities, and ages getting outside and doing what they love. Photo: Courtesy of REI "That’s a girl's game," my daughter said, pointing to a box in Wal-Mart's toy department. It was Operation, the surgery game that I often played—with girls and boys—when I was a kid. But this new version depicted Doc McStuffins, a cartoon girl who wore a sparkly headband and pink stethoscope. At just six years old, my daughter was already decoding the social cues that indicate what's for her and what’s not. Studies have found that whether we're six or 36, seeing reflections of ourselves on the product’s packaging makes us more likely to buy it and buy into its ethos. Women gravitate to things that have a female image or spokesperson, while men do the same. In the realm of outdoor sports, the packaging has almost always depicted men being active. (Witness GQ’s fall 2016 photo essay on rock-climbing in Joshua Tree, which prompted this brilliant spoof by Outdoor Research).    Photo: Courtesy of REI That's why I'm encouraged to see recent efforts by gear companies and retailers to represent more women in marketing materials, product descriptions, and branded content, including the blogs, videos, and articles that the brands circulate on social media and their websites.  Take REI, which just announced a major initiative to boost its representation of women (and bought a number of ads in our May XX Factor issue, on newstands now). "The Co-op has committed to putting women first and foremost in all of its storytelling for the remainder of 2017," the company said this week in a release.    Photo: Courtesy of REI It's part of REI’s Force of Nature project, which attempts to close gender gaps in the outdoors in four ways: donating $1 million to nonprofits that create opportunities for women in the outdoors; ramping up its design and production of women's technical gear; offering more than 1,000 classes and events targeted at women; and filling its social media channels with images of women backpacking, paddling, cycling, and skiing. In other words, the company will showcase women getting after it—and sell those women more gear in the process. It's smart business that I can get behind.  "For me, it's been crucial to see other women out there as mentors and role models," says Jainee Dial, an outdoorswoman who co-founded the online marketplace for women’s gear​ Wylder in November 2016. The site sells women's products made by environmentally-conscious companies, and it also publishes stories of women setting examples in outdoor athleticism and activism.   Photo: Courtesy of REI "I personally think it's essential to see outdoor women represented in the media in a real and authentic way," says Dial. "Seeing those images, we subconsciously think, 'I can do that too.'" It's a lot like Hasbro's appeal to my daughter. Only Wylder wants its photos of gear-wielding women to change the gender makeup of the entire outdoor community. Such images can embolden women to try new things and get better at activities they're already proficient in—from rock climbing to fishing to hunting. "They're permission, a nudge, an invitation, and social change," says Wylder's co-founder Lindsey Elliott.   Photo: Courtesy of REI Of course, women can represent products that are not intended for women alone—like a tent. I want to see more of that such marketing. This spring, Big Agnes debuted the Tufly SL2+, which isn't specific to women (it's the kind of light-but-livable shelter any backpacker would appreciate). But it was designed by women and Big Agnes touts the female touch on the tent's feature list. The company also donates a portion of its profits to SheJumps, a nonprofit dedicated to increasing female participation in outdoor activities. "I hope we sell a ton of them," says Agnes co-owner Bill Gamber.   So do I.  Filed To: Women's, Gear Share This Facebook Icon Share Twitter Icon Tweet Pinterest Icon Pinterest SMS Text Email Icon Email Subscribe to Outside Save 66% and get All-Access: Print + iPad State AA AE AL AK AP AS AZ AR CA CO CT DE DC FL GA GU HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MP MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA PR PW RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA VI WA WV WI WY Continue Load More Our Mission To inspire active participation in the world outside through award-winning coverage of the sports, people, places, adventure, discoveries, health and fitness, gear and apparel, trends and events that make up an active lifestyle. Facebook Icon Twitter Icon Instagram Icon Pinterest Icon Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ads Media Kit Subscriptions Affiliate-Link Policy RSS © 2017 Mariah Media Network LLC. Big. Crazy. Opinionated. Get the Indefinitely Wild newsletter. Thank you! Submit
Facebook Pinterest Instagram Search Everyday Cooking Meal Planning Grocery Shopping Budget Smart Tips Kitchn Meal Plans Kitchn Menus How To Cooking Lessons Baking Lessons Knife Lessons Meat Lessons Pro Technique Surprising Ideas Cooking School Baking School Living At Home With... Kitchn Life Opinion LOL Healthy Living Children Organizing & Cleaning Cleaning Cleaning Tools Organizing Rental Kitchens Pantry Set Up a Kitchen Gather Kitchn Gatherings Cocktails Dinner for a Crowd Great Gifts Weddings Etiquette Holidays Gift Guides Travel Shopping Recipes Breakfast Lunch Dinner Snacks Dessert Cocktails Baking Videos Salad Mix Recall Issued Over Decomposing Bat Found in Package Food Recall Salad Mix Recall Issued Over Decomposing Bat Found in Package Susmita Baral Apr 11, 2017 Food News Greens Home Share Pin It Email Share Email (Image credit: Christine Han) Share Email When you buy a pack of salad mix, you expect an assortment of greens — a little romaine, maybe some arugula, or even some spinach. For two consumers in Florida, their packaged salads included something less green in color and definitely not vegetarian-friendly: a dead bat. The two people had purchased the Organic Marketside Spring Mix package from the brand Fresh Express — a company that produces and packs salads to supermarkets around the nation — at a Walmart. The product was recalled on Saturday, according to the Food and Drug Administration, after the Mexican free-tailed bat was discovered in the salad. The recall affects the five-ounce pack of Organic Marketside Spring Mix sold in clear containers. The products will have a production code of G089B19 and have a "best if used by" date of April 14. The recalled product was distributed exclusively in Walmart stores in the Southeastern parts of the United States and all mixes included in the recall have been removed from store shelves. (Image credit: Walmart) "Fresh Express takes matters of food safety very seriously and rigorously complies with all food safety regulations including the proscribed Good Agricultural Practices," the company said in a statement. The bat was in a "deteriorated condition" when it was found in the prepackaged salad mix — a CDC spokesman told The New York Times that the creature was likely in the packet for "a number of days." While the CDC rabies lab attempted to uncover if the animal had a disease, they were unable to do so due to how decayed the remains were. Since the two consumers ate some of the salad and rabies could not be ruled out, Florida local and state health officials are assessing the status of the two customers. "In this circumstance, the risk of rabies transmission is considered to be very low, but because it isn't zero, the two people who ate salad from the package that contained the bat were recommended to begin post-exposure rabies treatment," wrote the CDC. "Both people report being in good health and neither has any signs of rabies." Those who have purchased the product are advised to dispose of it and are eligible for a refund. As for anxious salad-lovers nervous to buy a pack of greens, know that a handful of experts are in consensus that finding animals in bagged salads is incredibly rare. Share Email Submit a story Got a tip, kitchen tour, or other story our readers should see? Tell us about it! © 1994–2017 Apartment Therapy, LLC. Advertise With Us About Contact Press Privacy Policy Our Team Jobs Site Map Created with Sketch.
Skip to main content Menu Navigation Close Menu Search SyfyWire Features Original Video Interviews Bad Astronomy Fangrrls lists opinion Podcast rankings Spotlight Trailers TV Recaps TV This Week Trending Bad Astronomy Marvel Fangrrls lists DC Comics Interview Doctor Who Star Trek Sections About Us Contributors FAQ Feedback Newsletter Privacy RSS Feed Terms © 2017, SyfyWire. All rights reserved. Powered by Syfy Follow Facebook Twitter Youtube App Apple Android Search Search Close Search Menu SyfyWire Search terms Type to begin searching Sorry, no results. Check your spelling and try again. Articles Tags Close Search SyfyWire Trending Trending Topics Bad Astronomy Marvel Fangrrls lists DC Comics Interview Doctor Who Star Trek Trending Articles Doctor WhoBritBox All 26 seasons of classic Doctor Who finally have a U.S. streaming home spaceStephen Hawking Stephen Hawking predicts humans won't survive another 1,000 years on Earth Nov 18, 2016 Thor: Ragnarokmovie TrailersMarvel Cinematic Universe Breaking down the first full Thor: Ragnarok trailer Alien: CovenantaliensMarvel Cinematic UniverseDC Comicsrankingslists The 20 deadliest aliens in science fiction Thor: RagnarokChris HemsworthMarvel It's a full-on World War Hulk in first trailer for Thor: Ragnarok Features Featured Topics Interviews Bad Astronomy Fangrrls lists opinion Podcast rankings Spotlight Trailers TV Recaps TV This Week Featured Articles Doctor WhoSteven Moffatopinion Doctor Who's new companion is gay. Now what? Steven UniverseCartoon NetworkSave the Lightvideo gamesInterviewsInterview Cartoon Network and Grumpyface Studios shed light on Steven Universe's first console game SupermanDC ComicsOriginal Videolists Watch: 11 weirdest Superman villains FangrrlsMarvelIron FistDanny RandFinn Jonesopinion Why Marvel should address Iron Fist's legacy and kung fu exploitation in Season 2 The Osiris ChildTrailers Rip into this rowdy new trailer for Aussie sci-fi thriller The Osiris Child Original Video Original Video Articles SupermanDC ComicsOriginal Videolists Watch: 11 weirdest Superman villains imaginary maryOriginal VideoInterviews Watch: Imaginary Mary's Jenna Elfman on the quirkiest sitcom of the season WonderCon 2017Michael choOriginal VideoMarvelDC Comics Watch: Comic artist Michael Cho on making a great cover, working on Star Wars National Siblings DaySiblings DayOriginal Video Watch: 11 important siblings in sci-fi for National Siblings Day WonderCon 2017Interviewsthe vaultComicsOriginal VideoInterview Watch: John Carpenter's The Vault comic writer on the 'Sunshine meets Event Horizon' story FangrrlscolossalAnne HathawayJason SudeikisInterviewInterviewsOriginal Video Anne Hathaway and Jason Sudeikis on their unconventional roles and inconvenient powers in Colossal Fangrrls Fangrrls Articles FangrrlsMarvelIron FistDanny RandFinn Jonesopinion Why Marvel should address Iron Fist's legacy and kung fu exploitation in Season 2 Fangrrlscolossalopinion More than a monster film, Colossal is uncomfortably honest about abuse FangrrlsInto the BadlandsAMCTV Recaps Into the Badlands hosts its very first Baron mixer FangrrlscolossalAnne HathawayJason SudeikisInterviewInterviewsOriginal Video Anne Hathaway and Jason Sudeikis on their unconventional roles and inconvenient powers in Colossal Fangrrlsanimelists 7 anime series that demolish toxic masculinity FangrrlsHarry PotterJ.K. RowlingInterviewsInterview The Harry Potter Alliance: A real Dumbledore's Army uses their passion to make a difference See All Bad Astronomy Bad Astronomy Articles Bad AstronomyOrion Nebulastar formation 500 years ago, a huge multi-star collision in Orion triggered a ridiculously powerful cosmic explosion Bad AstronomySaturnCassini Get ready to say farewell to Cassini Bad AstronomyProduct reviewbinocularsCelestron BA product review: Celestron's EclipSmart solar viewing binoculars Bad AstronomyjupiterHubble Space Telescope Opposing Jupiter: Hubble's view of the largest planet in the solar system Bad Astronomyrainbowfogbow Somewhere over the fogbow Bad AstronomyNebulaSupernova The star EZ Canis Majoris is blowing an immense bubble in space, and you do NOT want to be around when it pops. See All Wonder Woman Wonder Woman Articles Justice League ActionWonder WomanWonderCon 2017InterviewInterviewsOriginal Video Watch: Justice League Action cast and producers explain why the series works Wonder WomanPatty Jenkinsjustice league Patty Jenkins on Wonder Woman's theme music: 'It has its own journey' justice leagueZack SnyderDC Cinematic UniverseTrailersWonder WomanBatmanAquaman A bold age of heroes arrives in brash new Justice League trailer justice leagueAquamanBatmanThe FlashWonder WomanCyborgWarner Bros. The Justice League unites in new teaser clips, character posters ComicsWonder WomanPhil JimenezOriginal Video Watch: Comic artist Phil Jimemez draws Wonder Woman DC ComicsPhil JimenezWonder WomanOriginal Videosuperheroines monthInterviewInterviews Watch: Phil Jimenez digs into why he connects with Wonder Woman See All Powered by Syfy Facebook Twitter Youtube View Latest Close Latest Administration Star Wars CelebrationFantrippingStar WarsThink Geekher universelists Fantripping: 10 travel essentials for Star Wars Celebration Ashley Victoria Robinson Tue, Apr 11, 2017 11:30am Star Wars Celebration is happening this week, and every Jedi, Sith and Grey Force Wielder from a galaxy far, far away is set to descend on Orlando, Florida, to share in the events. Whether you're planning to attend to take part in any of the numerous cosplay events and competitions, fan events thrown by the nerdy news outlets, review shows and podcasters that keep the fandom alive during the cold spells of production -- or hoping to catch an early hint at what Luke Skywalker's first words of the new trilogy are going to be -- traveling to get there can be tough! Lucky for us, we live in the golden age of the geek, and Star Wars stands above them all. There are a ton of cool Star Wars-themed products that can be found anywhere from Wal-Mart to Target to Etsy that can help you travel in style and ease. In order to make sure you have the best experience, we have compiled this list of 10 Travel Essentials for Star Wars Celebration. BB8 USB Car Charger ($30) ThinkGeek has an entire collection of Star Wars products good for the Jedi on the go! Car chargers can be found in a wide variety from any gas station across the world, so what makes this adapter so wonderful? Well, it’s BB8 for one thing, the cutest droid in the galaxy. For a consumer who can’t afford the Sphero BB8 droid for around the house, this one will travel through the stars with you! Here is an adorable and effective way to ensure that your all-important cellphone remains charged if you are heading to Star Wars Celebration by car. Plus, if you’re using it to navigate then BB8 is your co-pilot! The ThinkGeek exclusive also makes sounds, its head swivels and the optical sensor lights up when charging either one or two items from the built-in USB ports. Rey Throw Blanket ($10) Regardless of whether you're traveling by car, rail, boat or plane, one of the paramount concerns of the modern traveler is warmth. No matter how uncomfortable your seat or how hard the floor is that you find yourself waiting on, if you can be warm, it goes a long way. This Rey travel blanket from Wal-Mart is not only very affordable and easy to get your hands on but also incredibly lightweight and soft. It will bring a touch of comfort to everyone’s least favorite part of the trip to Star Wars Celebration, and with Rey adorning the outside, the 40" x 50" blanket is sure to instill strength in its owner as well. Darth Vader Headphones ($75) In spite of all the enthusiasm and excitement that always encompasses the journey to Star Wars Celebration, sometimes a bounty hunter just needs to be alone with their thoughts. If you have a really important podcast to catch up on before you arrive or want to rewatch the latest season of Star Wars: Rebels while you race across the country (or even across the world!), these wired, foldable Darth Vader headphones will do nothing short of heighten your auditory experience. The on-ear, leather memory foam phones feature noise canceling while at the same time warning anyone who might seek to interrupt you that you could possibly be capable of Force choking them if they bother you. Chewbacca Travel Mug ($25) Whether you identify more with the Light or Dark Side of the Force or prefer hot or cold beverages, this fuzzy Chewbacca Travel Mug has got you covered. It definitely makes a bold statement about your love of the Star Wars fandom and exactly who you'd trust your life -- and the integrity of your beverages -- with. There is even the super-fun added bonus of a button along the bottom edge of the travel mug that plays multiple Chewbacca’s classic Wookiee cry! R2-D2 Luggage Set ($140) Are you a cosplayer or someone with a lot of audio or video equipment? Macy's has your back with this adorable R2-D2 luggage set that proves, once and for all, he is the droid you’re looking for. Either pair of bags come with a significant warranty that should hold up to even the most aggressive Sith-inspired packing practices. With Star Wars Celebration being a four-day long event, this luggage set should be able to house all of your most essential belongings. Princess Leia Tote Bag ($18) When you arrive you can’t just go around the convention with your R2-D2 luggage set, stylish though it may be. So this minimalist Princess Leia Tote Bag from Etsy is sure to help with the daytime convention transition. It's a beautiful and simple homage to the most important female character in the Star Wars canon while remaining sizable enough that a geek-on-the-go can carry any important pieces of equipment, costume embellishments or swag you may need throughout the day. Plus, it’s sturdy! Ahsoka Tano Pillow ($25) This 12" Ahsoka Tano pillow is a great companion to the Rey blanket listed above. Bring the best character from Star Wars: The Clone Wars along to inspire rest and relaxation. Even a tiny little hand-stitched pillow like this one can provide such profound relief from the stresses and strains of travel. Not only that but, from this particular Etsy seller, your Ahsoka Tano pillow almost doubles as a travel companion because she is so tiny and cute! Who wouldn't want to use Anakin's padawan to bring a little comfort into their Star Wars Celebration trip? Boba Fett Wallet ($40) Her Universe, owned by Ashley Eckstein, who provides the voice for the aforementioned Ahsoka Tano, produces a variety of outstanding Star Wars clothing and accessories for your day-to-day geeky needs. This Boba Fett wallet in particular is an essential piece for anyone attending Star Wars Celebration. When traveling, you need a billfold that can do more than your average wallet. You might be collecting business cards along the way or need to have an ID or passport in order to travel with greater ease. A sizable wallet such as this is the perfect solution. Anakin’s Lightsaber Flashlight ($17) Like lightsabers, flashlights can be an incredibly useful tool. Not only are they good for finding things in the dark during those late nights or early mornings at Star Wars Celebration but they can also double as a weapon when a wayward bounty hunter or smuggler gets the drop on you. For people who are really clever they can shoot a video with this 10" light with sound effects as a prop, and presto, you can star in your own lightsaber duel. Although, mostly, you're going to wind up needing to find things in the dark more than you could possibly imagine, and this is a cool one to have. Tauntaun Sleeping Bag ($150) ThinkGeek's tauntaun sleeping bag was originally intended to be an April Fool's joke that got way out of hand because we wanted them! Lodgings are difficult at big conventions, and this sleeping bag ensures comfort and warmth no matter what wretched hive of scum and villainy you wind up bedding down in. Besides which, you'll absolutely have the most amazing sleeping bag of all your fellow attendees! The tauntaun sleeping bag (with built-in pillow and a little lightsaber zipper) is worth the investment because it doubles as shelter for when you find yourself waiting in line for Hall H at this year's San Diego Comic-Con. Which of these Star Wars Travel Accessories are you definitely going to pick up before your trip to Celebration? Related Stories Thor: Ragnarokmarvel comicsmarvel studioslists 0 11 things from Thor: Ragnarok trailer pulled directly from Marvel Comics Lucas Siegel Star TrekJames T. KirkCaptain Kirklistsrankingsopinion 9 Captain Kirk's 14 most memorable facial expressions in Star Trek Lisa Granshaw Star Wars Episode IXPrincess Leiacarrie fisherStar Wars 3 Carrie Fisher footage cleared for Star Wars: Episode IX Adam Pockross sciencePhysicsLasersStar Warsdiamond 4 Star Wars “superlaser”: from fiction to science Elizabeth Rayne More from around the web Latest News Blog View Close Latest Dark Horse ComicsFrancesco FrancavillaBlack BeetleComics 0 Francavilla returns to his pulp creation in The Black Beetle: Kara Böcek Matthew Funk Shin GodzillaGodzillaCollectiblesStuff We Love 0 Stuff We Love: Shin Godzilla just mutated into a creepy-cute chibi Elizabeth Rayne Hellboyfoodalcohol 0 Hellboy gets a cinnamon whiskey called Hell Water Carol Pinchefsky Stephen King's ItClownAmerican Horror Story: Freak Showclowns 0 Real-life clowns none too pleased with Hollywood's hatred Jeff Spry LostJJ AbramsDamon LindelofCarlton CuseVolcano 0 Lost finale almost featured a giant exploding volcano Jeff Spry Doctor WhoSteven Moffatopinion 4 Doctor Who's new companion is gay. Now what? Dany Roth SupergirlSupermanTyler HoechlinThe CW 6 Superman officially returning for the Season 2 finale of Supergirl Nathalie Caron WillardBenScream Factory 0 Scream Factory releases the rats in new Blu-rays for Willard and Ben Jeff Spry Steven UniverseCartoon NetworkSave the Lightvideo gamesInterviewsInterview 0 Cartoon Network and Grumpyface Studios shed light on Steven Universe's first console game Lisa Granshaw Twin PeaksShowtime 0 Solve the mystery behind these new Twin Peaks puzzle teasers Matthew Jackson Man of Steel 2Black AdamShazamDwayne "The Rock" JohnsonDC Extended Universe 0 Rumor of the day: will Black Adam make his debut in Man of Steel 2? Don Kaye A Nightmare on Elm StreetRobert Englund 0 Robert Englund declares his favorite Freddy kill of all time Jeff Spry SupermanDC ComicsOriginal Videolists 0 Watch: 11 weirdest Superman villains Matthew Funk Enter the Warriors GateLuc BessonDave Bautistamovie Trailers 2 Luc Besson's fantasy film Enter the Warriors Gate drops a new trailer Nathalie Caron Stuff We LoveWelcome to Night Valebooks 0 Stuff We Love: The Welcome to Night Vale book is even stranger than the podcast Elizabeth Rayne FangrrlsMarvelIron FistDanny RandFinn Jonesopinion 23 Why Marvel should address Iron Fist's legacy and kung fu exploitation in Season 2 Sarah M Star WarsStar wars 40th AnniversaryOmazecontests 0 Star Wars 'Force for Change' offers chance to win three ultimate fan experiences Ernie Estrella Uncharted: The Lost LegacyUnchartedNaughty DogPlaystation 0 Uncharted: The Lost Legacy unveils a stunning cinematic trailer and release date Nathalie Caron The Osiris ChildTrailers 5 Rip into this rowdy new trailer for Aussie sci-fi thriller The Osiris Child Jeff Spry Buck RogersTwiki 0 April 11: This Day in Sci-Fi History Zac Hug Gorillazmusicdamon albarn 0 Gorillaz animated TV series in the works Trent Moore under the skinopinionGhost in the ShellScarlett Johansson 3 Did Ghost in the Shell disappoint? Get your identity philosophy from Under the Skin Dany Roth Bill & Ted Save the UniverseBill & TedBoom! Studios 0 Bill & Ted Save the Universe in new excellent BOOM! Studios comic Nathalie Caron Doctor WhoBBCBBC America 0 The Daleks return in 42 new Doctor Who Season 10 premiere pics Nathalie Caron MegaBots Inc.science 4 That epic Japan vs USA giant robot battle is on for August Jeff Spry Star Wars CelebrationFantrippingStar WarsThink Geekher universelists 2 Fantripping: 10 travel essentials for Star Wars Celebration Ashley Victoria Robinson imaginary maryOriginal VideoInterviews 0 Watch: Imaginary Mary's Jenna Elfman on the quirkiest sitcom of the season Ernie Estrella Universal MonstersThe MummyChris Morgan 2 Universal Monsters writer explains why we don't know which movie comes after The Mummy yet Matthew Jackson WonderCon 2017Michael choOriginal VideoMarvelDC Comics 0 Watch: Comic artist Michael Cho on making a great cover, working on Star Wars Ernie Estrella ArrowManu BennettDeathstrokeThe CW 4 Manu Bennett's Deathstroke is coming back to The CW's Arrow Trent Moore Bad AstronomyOrion Nebulastar formation 9 500 years ago, a huge multi-star collision in Orion triggered a ridiculously powerful cosmic explosion Phil Plait The X-FilesThe X-Files: Cold Casedavid duchovnyGillian AndersonMitch Pileggi 5 X-Files cast reuniting for new Audible audio drama Carol Pinchefsky The Punch EscrowTal M. KleinLionsgate 1 Sci-fi novel The Punch Escrow to be teleported to big screen Nathalie Caron DisneyRoboticsdisney parksBaymaxBig Hero 6 0 Disney files patent for new soft-body, free-roaming robot Jeff Spry The Walking DeadThe Walking Dead Season 7AMCopinion 12 The Walking Dead Season 7 would have been better binged Joseph Baxter Image ComicsSacred CreaturesKlaus JansonFrank MillerComics 0 Image reveals details, and a Frank Miller cover, for Sacred Creatures Matthew Funk 12 MonkeysSyfy 1 The Witness reveals himself in latest 12 Monkeys Season 3 trailer Nathalie Caron Batman v Superman: Dawn of JusticeDoomsdayZack Snyder 4 This Batman v Superman concept art brings Doomsday back to his comic book roots Jeff Spry Sense8netflixThe Wachowskis 2 The Wachowskis' Sense8 returns in new trailer for Season 2 Trent Moore Thor: Ragnarokmarvel comicsmarvel studioslists 0 11 things from Thor: Ragnarok trailer pulled directly from Marvel Comics Lucas Siegel Doctor WhoBBC 4 New Doctor Who video and info tease what's coming up in Season 10 Nathalie Caron Stuff We LoveGeek Culturetelevision 0 Stuff We Love: Maintain your TV habit AND your current wardrobe with geeky exercise games Carol Pinchefsky Load More Close Sidebar
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Advanced Microgrid Solutions to Design, Install and Operate 40 MWh of Advanced Energy Storage Systems at Select U.S. Walmart Stores News provided by Advanced Microgrid Solutions Apr 11, 2017, 12:00 ET Share this article BENTONVILLE, Ark. and SAN FRANCISCO, April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Advanced Microgrid Solutions ("AMS") announced today they would work with Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. to deploy AMS's Hybrid Electric Building® technology in select Walmart stores in the U.S.  Under the agreement, AMS will design, install and operate advanced energy storage systems at Walmart stores that will improve efficiency, guarantee energy savings, and provide fast, flexible grid support to local utilities, all at no upfront cost to Walmart. In the first phase of the project, AMS will install 40 megawatt hours ("MWh") of advanced energy storage systems at 27 Walmart stores in Southern California.  These energy storage systems will allow the retail giant to reduce costs by permanently reducing each store's peak electricity demand while providing dispatchable grid support to Southern California Edison ("SCE").  (PRNewsfoto/Advanced Microgrid Solutions)... "Cost efficiency is the hallmark of the Walmart brand," said Mark Vanderhelm, vice president, Energy for Walmart.  "Adding energy storage capabilities to our clean energy resources reduces the capacity needed from the grid and is part of our commitment to increase reliance on renewable energy." A global leader in clean energy and efficiency, Walmart has an ambitious goal to power 50 percent of their operations with renewable energy sources by 2025 and has already installed onsite generation, including solar PV, at 350 of its stores.  Hybrid Electric Buildings® automatically and efficiently optimize a building's overall energy usage, controlling energy consumption and lowering costs, while generating revenues from utilities for grid services.  Southern California Edison, one of the largest grid operators in the U.S., will be able to tap into these advanced energy storage systems to reduce demand on the grid as part of SCE's groundbreaking grid modernization project. "When it comes to sustainable and efficient energy management, Walmart sets the global standard," said Susan Kennedy, CEO of AMS. "Walmart continues to demonstrate its visionary leadership by delivering high quality and low costs for its customers." About Advanced Microgrid Solutions | Advanced Microgrid Solutions (AMS) is pioneering the use of advanced energy storage systems for energy management and utility services. AMS designs, finances, installs and manages advanced energy management solutions for commercial, industrial and government building owners. AMS's energy storage portfolio management software provides continuously optimized resource management, cost reduction and revenue generation for large-scale energy users and utilities.  To learn more, visit www.advmicrogrid.com and follow us on twitter: @advmicrogrid.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/advanced-microgrid-solutions-to-design-install-and-operate-40-mwh-of-advanced-energy-storage-systems-at-select-us-walmart-stores-300437754.html SOURCE Advanced Microgrid Solutions Related Links http://www.advmicrogrid.com Feb 02, 2017, 12:05 ET Preview: Advanced Microgrid Solutions and Pedernales Electric Cooperative Win $3.24 Million Department of Energy Grant to Advance Grid Integration of Solar Energy in Texas My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Feb 02, 2017, 12:05 ETAdvanced Microgrid Solutions and Pedernales Electric Cooperative... Jan 25, 2017, 06:00 ETTexas Electric Cooperatives to showcase state-of-the-art energy... Explore More news releases in similar topics Alternative Energies Oil & Energy Utilities Licensing You just read: Advanced Microgrid Solutions to Design, Install and Operate 40 MWh of Advanced Energy Storage Systems at Select U.S. Walmart Stores News provided by Advanced Microgrid Solutions Apr 11, 2017, 12:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
SUBSCRIBE NOWfor home delivery Home News Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Local Sports Entertainment Food Opinion Be Social Obits USA TODAY USA TODAY NETWORK Photo-Video Cars Homes Jobs Business Directory Marketplace Archive Moonlighting Subscribe More Home News Weather Local Sports Entertainment Food Opinion Be Social Obits USA TODAY USA TODAY NETWORK Photo-Video Cars Homes Jobs Business Directory Marketplace Archive Moonlighting Subscribe Search Social Follow firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Manage your Newsletters Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 179 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Woman sues Wal-Mart over falling cans in Teterboro A Mahwah mother is suing Walmart Stores Inc. after soup cans allegedly fell from the shelves at the Teterboro store and hit her eight-year-old son causing injuries in 2016. Post to Facebook Woman sues Wal-Mart over falling cans in Teterboro A Mahwah mother is suing Walmart Stores Inc. after soup cans allegedly fell from the shelves at the Teterboro store and hit her eight-year-old son causing injuries in 2016.  Check out this story on northjersey.com: https://njersy.co/2pmRfBd {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 3 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Woman sues Wal-Mart over falling cans in Teterboro Kristie Cattafi , Staff Writer, @KristieCattafi Published 3:32 p.m. ET April 10, 2017 | Updated 11:26 p.m. ET April 10, 2017 The Walmart store in Teterboro Landing, where a mother says her son was injured last year. (Photo: Kaitlyn Kanzler/northjersey.com) 179 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE TETERBORO — A Mahwah mother is suing Wal-Mart Stores Inc. after soup cans allegedly fell from the shelves at the Teterboro store and hit her 8-year-old son, causing injuries. A lawsuit was filed on March 22 in Bergen County Superior Court by the Clifton-based law firm Silverman and Roedel, LLC. The mother claims the store improperly stacked soup cans, which presented a hazard on May 5, 2016. The boy was struck by three soup cans that fell from a height of about 6 feet, at the store,  at 1 Teterboro Landing Drive. Her son suffered lacerations on the bridge of his nose that were repaired with medical glue. Since the accident he has been suffering from headaches, according to the family's attorney David Silverman. Protesters, undeterred by veto, push for $15 minimum wage Leonia man's lawsuit against Costco dismissed Judge revives RHONJ star's legal malpractice lawsuit The lawsuit says he sustained "severe and permanent injuries."  The injuries resulted in "large sums of money for medical and hospital care." The lawsuit lists Wal-Mart and 20 John Does, who the plaintiff believes contributed to the incident and injuries due to their "carelessness and recklessness." The family is seeking costs of damages. The family received a denial letter from Wal-Mart saying the company was not responsible for the injuries, which resulted in the lawsuit being filed, Silverman said. “The safety of our associates and customers is among our top priorities," Wal-Mart spokesman Ragan Dickens said. "While we have not been served yet, we take these claims seriously and will defend ourselves in court.” E-mail: cattafi@northjersey.com 179 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: https://njersy.co/2pmRfBd
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Shopkick Grocery Turns Chores into Rewarding Experiences REDWOOD CITY, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Shopkick, the leading shopping rewards app that engages people with brands and drives in-store action, today launches Shopkick Grocery. Throughout each trip, Shopkick Grocery delivers moments of joy and more reward earning opportunities. With Shopkick Grocery, shoppers can: Earn more rewards: larger product assortment and more grocery stores provide the most opportunities to earn free gift cards while grocery shopping every day Discover new products: lookbooks, videos and offers introduce shoppers to brands and items Create shopping lists: one tap adds products to a personalized shopping list and helps shoppers find rewards for everyday items Get rewarded for trying new recipes: simple recipes inspire shoppers to cook with featured products that are easily added to shopping lists “We know that while essential, grocery shopping can be a bit of a chore,” said Bill Demas, CEO of Shopkick. “We’re changing that with Shopkick Grocery. We’ve extended what we know our users love about Shopkick to the grocery aisle, turning the mundane into a fun and rewarding experience.” Fun and Functional for the Whole Family Shopkick Grocery inspires shoppers and their families to: Gamify the grocery experience – “I use it with my four-year-old son like a scavenger hunt. It makes the entire shopping trip more exciting for him and he loves to scan. Anything to make shopping a game and not a chore is awesome.” – Sarah Akin, Richmond, VA Entertain kids in the aisle – “Shopkick not only entertains my kiddos while we’re shopping, but it helps keep the peace during the trip.” – Amanda Cowey, Victoria, TX Teach the family about money – “Shopkick has helped me teach my daughter how to save money and spend wisely. We scan together in-store and I let her choose how we redeem our kicks.” – Kelly VantHof-Curow, Muskegon, MI Available Everywhere, Day One The company’s biggest launch since its debut, Shopkick Grocery is available today in more than 37,000 stores nationwide, including Kroger, Publix, Safeway, Target, Walmart and more. Interacting with featured content and products from favorite brands like Ben & Jerry’s, Coty, Dole, Mentos, Purina, and Sargento result in even more rewards. Exclusive in-app recipes provide users with simple, seasonal cooking inspiration. Recipes refresh frequently, encouraging trial of new products to keep meal planning exciting and fresh. Turn Trips into Treats Shoppers redeem kicks, Shopkick’s rewards currency, for free premium gifts and gift cards at the stores they love. Daily and weekly grocery chores turn into treats at Starbucks, Target, TJ Maxx, Walmart and many others. At every step throughout the grocery shopping experience consumers are rewarded with kicks; from viewing in-app content and list building while planning at home, to scanning items while in the aisle and making purchases in the store. In the first few months alone (today through early July), shoppers have the opportunity to collect more than a billion kicks! Partners Love Shopkick Grocery For grocers and brands, Shopkick Grocery drives closer relationships with consumers, resulting in a consistent and measurable stream of foot traffic, as well as increased product engagement and in-store sales. In an ever-changing, increasingly mobile world, these retailers and brands are looking to digital solutions that outperform paper circulars and coupons, while preserving margins. “We saw the value in being part of Shopkick’s Grocery assortment during a key shopping period to grow awareness of RAGÚ® pasta sauce and encourage consumers to seek us out in store,” said Amy Becker, Sr. Activation Manager, Mizkan America Inc. “Working closely with our agency partner Mindshare, we identified a full path-to-purchase strategy that extends from home to targeted in-store messaging, where we successfully drove consideration and purchase of RAGÚ sauce in key retailers at a conversion rate that met our benchmark.” Through Shopkick Grocery: Brands drive awareness and sell more products through reward offers presented right at the moment a shopper begins to think about the store visit, while they’re in the aisle and at the register Grocers drive incremental foot traffic and increase basket size, while creating a fun, new experience in their stores that makes customers want to come back Speaking with users who tested Shopkick Grocery, the company found: 65 percent would try a new brand of product if they could earn kicks for purchasing 62 percent would shop at a different grocery store to earn more kicks About Shopkick, Inc. Shopkick is the leading shopping rewards app, bringing moments of joy to everyday shopping. For brands and retailers, we provide high consumer engagement along the entire path to purchase. Our unique pay for performance model has been proven to deliver high ROI, driving incremental foot traffic, visits to shelf, and sales. Some of our leading brand and retail partners include Best Buy, Clorox, Coty, GSK, Georgia Pacific, Marshalls, Nestle, Starbucks, TJ Maxx and Unilever, among others. Shopkick is available for free on the iPhone from the App Store and for Android from Google Play. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious HDI Global Insurance Company Strengthens its U.S. Engineering Lines & Construction Division Next PostNext B2 Payment Solutions Announces Newly-Redesigned Website that Now Features a New eCommerce Store and B2 University Search Recent Posts Rare Earth Metals Sales Market Global Analysis & 2022 Outlook Research Report United States Transparent Conductive Coatings Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Global Paint and Coatings Sales Market 2017-2022 Analysis by Players/Suppliers, Type and Application Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) Trunk Market Analysis and Value Forecast Snapshot by End-use Industry 2017-2027 United States CNG Cylinders Market 2017:Overview, Opportunities, In-Depth Analysis and Forecasts Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
A- A+ only search openDemocracy.net About Submit Login or Register od top nav 2013 openDemocracy About ArabAwakening openGlobalRights BeyondSlavery Human rights and the internet oD-UK About Donate OurNHS New Economics Shine a light OurBeeb openJustice oDR About Beyond propaganda Cultural politics Green Eurasia Migration matters Rights for all Uncivil society oD 50.50 Gender Politics Religion Women, Peace & Security People on the Move Our Africa AIDS Gender & Human Rights More democraciaAbierta Quiénes somos Consejo Asesor Calidad Democratica Experimentación Política Violencias Transformation Activism Economics Intersectionality Nonviolence Culture Love and Spirit Environment Care CanEuropeMakeIt? More Politics & Parliaments Drug policy digitaLiberties Mediterranean journeys in hope openSecurity openMovements openDemocracy oD UK oDR oD 50.50 democraciaAbierta Transformation ourBeeb About us Can Europe Make It? Arab Awakening openGlobalRights Beyond Slavery Shine A Light OurNHS DigitaLiberties Support us→ Trade unions, the internet, and surviving the gig economy Alex J. Wood 11 April 2017 The internet provides new opportunities to strengthen collective action and improve new forms of work. Labor Protests in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 2016. A. Michael Simms/Flickr. (CC 2.0 by) These are hard times for trade unions. Private sector union membership in the US is down to under 7% of workers. While private sector membership in the UK is higher, at 14%, the ability of UK unions to win disputes, outside of some key public services, is nevertheless on the wane. This is clearly demonstrated by the steel industry, once a mainstay of the labour movement but now a sector in which unions are forced to offer up concessions just keep their members in paid work. It is from these weak foundations that unions face the growing winds of change currently ripping through the economy. New economic processes are becoming possible due to the astronomical growth of personal data. This data is produced as more and more of our everyday activities are facilitated by internet-based platforms and smartphone apps. We now live in an almost permanent state of connectivity. The so-called advent of ‘big data’, ‘surveillance capitalism’, ‘self-tracking technologies’, and the ‘quantification’ and ‘datafication’ of social life is helping to disrupt long-held business conventions and is enabling a new flexible temporality of capitalism to emerge.   The wealth of data that now exists about our activities, interests and social groups helps enable ever more sophisticated modelling of demand. If employers can accurately predict demand, this naturally makes closely matching labour supply to it highly attractive. If it is possible to accurately predict those times when labour is needed to meet demand, then why pay for the ‘idle time’ in which someone is not producing profit? It is more lucrative to fragment and redefine working time so as to only pay labour costs for those activities which produce profit. The future is not one in which A.I. is going to take your job, but it might be your manager! No longer is working time understood as a standard, stable eight hours for five days a week but instead is flexible, 24/7, and everyday. Jobs are broken up into ‘gigs’, with self-employed workers being individually contracted to each specific task as employers need. Alternatively, workers may be contracted to a job on a zero hour basis, having their schedules flexibly adjusted in real time to match changing demand. In fact, in the UK in 2010, nearly a third of all workers had their schedules altered by their managers, often at short notice. The search for ever greater flexibility can result in employment relationships which are highly contingent and may take non-standard forms. Workers might be employed on zero-hour, short-hour or other flexible contracts. Others may not even have a labour contract at all, and instead be classified as self-employed. Even workers with standard, full-time, permanent contracts can experience high levels of schedule insecurity or manager-controlled flexible scheduling due to their lack of power within this new temporal order. Organising the flexible workforce However, the temporal fragmentation of work exponentially increases the organisational complexity of workforce management. The connectivity provided by smartphones and other portable and wearable devices also provides a solution by enabling the algorithmic management of workers. This trend is most apparent when the algorithms of companies such as Uber, Deliveroo and Freelancer.com use rating systems to control and discipline labour and ensure the efficient matching of demand and supply. Although central to the gig economy, algorithmic management is beginning to spread into conventional sectors such as retail. Workers not deemed productive enough according to the algorithm’s parameters find that work quickly dries up, and in some cases that they are even ‘deactivated’ (i.e. fired) from the platform. The future is not one in which A.I. is going to take your job, but it might be your manager! Of course, this is not merely a story of technological transformation. The algorithmic fragmentation and control of labour is only possible because of the decline of collective regulation over the last 30 years. Nevertheless, the old rules of the game are being rewritten, and thus far unions have been slow in attempting to influence the new world of work currently taking shape. Unions are in their winter, many of their autumn leaves have fallen. Now they must focus on nurturing the budding new leaves of spring. For unions to blossom again, they must embrace the ever more connected world of the twenty-first century. The algorithmic fragmentation and control of labour is only possible because of the decline of collective regulation over the last 30 years. Some recent examples from the US illuminate how unions can do this by using the internet to organise in these difficult times. As they attempt to orientate themselves to these new data driven economic processes the internet offers a means for rebuilding solidarity among temporally fragmented workers. In 2012 and 2013, the United Food and Commercial Workers’ Union used social media groups to connect spatially and temporally fragmented Walmart workers. The collective identity and shared interests which these groups helped cultivate and sustain sparked powerful protests against Walmart’s low pay and harsh conditions. The networks which the union formed enabled the circumventing of the prevalent negative dispositions towards unions. They also assisted workers in coming together to develop a shared sense of collective interests beyond the nominal shared identification of being a ‘Walmart Associate’ – i.e. not a worker or employee. By reducing the time-space barriers to participation, workers who would otherwise have been dispersed and isolated across dozens of workplaces in hundreds of cities could come together to share their common experiences of injustice. The fact that social media networks are formally de-centred and lacking defined boundaries enables what sociologist Manual Castells refers to as ‘expansive networking’. Expansive networking allows for broad sets of interpersonal connections as anyone can link to the network. This means that a wide-ranging solidarity can be mobilised as other workers, community groups and unions connect to the network. This creates a dynamic communication site in which work situations can be reframed and identities redefined. The expansive solidarity which the internet can facilitate has been key to the ability of UK Indy Unions to support gig and other low-wage workers in taking collective action in industries such as couriering and cleaning. Re-opening space for collective action The internet not only transforms the potential for worker organisation, it also facilitates new forms of collective action. In particular, information can now be shared with a potentially large number of people at low cost. This increases the ease with which it is possible to leverage symbolic power to raise public attention about poor terms and conditions, and damage the reputation of employers. Reputational damage can cause economic harm to businesses by reducing the willingness of customers, clients and states to deal with them. It can even lead to government intervention that limits their commercial activities. The Walmart worker mobilisation resulted in both state increases in minimum wages and unilateral increases in wages by Walmart itself. In this case, reputational damage was successful because the union played the role of orchestrator, providing strategic oversight and sharing information across a participatory network.  While increased use of the internet provides unions with opportunities for greater solidarity and new forms of action, it also brings new threats. For example, the reliance on the internet to spread reputational damage is not without risks. Research into the fast food workers’ movement in the US shows how reputational damage tends to require fast, short-term actions based on spectacle. Such actions privilege visibility and advocacy while neglecting the relationships necessary to sustain campaigns and organising drives over the long term. Therefore, to be effective, such tactics necessitate a strategy based upon building empowering and participatory organisations. Too often, when unions have tried to use the internet, it has entailed the continuation of traditional hierarchal models based on pushing communication down from the top and thus has been of limited success in rejuvenating solidarity. Moreover, the internet is not a neutral space; its infrastructure is largely shaped by a corporate logic which is increasingly utilised for state surveillance. There is a long history of state complicity in the blacklisting of union activists. This makes workers particularly vulnerable to increasing levels of state surveillance; a trend which is not just a privacy issue but also places more general limits on our ability to undertake action aimed at achieving social justice. Greater connectivity is transforming capitalism by fragmenting paid work and giving rise to a new, flexible temporal rhythm. As a consequence, unions must move to this new beat by making greater use of the internet to build new forms of solidarity based on participatory structures – while understanding the fresh risks that doing so poses. This means joining with other social movements to campaign on issues, such as platform cooperativism and data justice, which might seem alien to the raison-d'etre of unions but are essential if the internet is to be used to improve work in the twenty-first century. About the author Alex J. Wood is a researcher at the Oxford Internet Institute, University of Oxford. Trade unions, the internet, and surviving the gig economy ALEX J. WOOD It’s not the gig economy, stupid. DANIEL TOMLINSON A crisis of control: what should the on-demand workforce be demanding? ALICE MARTIN Same as it ever was? Labour rights and worker organisation in the modern economy TOM HUNT Subjects Labour rights in the gig economy This article is published under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International licence. If you have any queries about republishing please contact us. Please check individual images for licensing details. We encourage anyone to comment, please consult the oD commenting guidelines if you have any questions. View the discussion thread. About Editors Advisory Board Contribute Partners Follow us: Beyond Trafficking and Slavery seeks to help those trying to understand forced labour, trafficking and slavery by combining the rigour of academic scholarship with the clarity of journalism. Our goal is to use evidence-based advocacy to unveil the structural political, economic, and social root causes of global exploitation. New ebook releases Download as a PDF Gendered, racist, classist, homophobic, and transphobic violence haunts the world of sex work. Sex workers speak. Who listens? addresses that violence, but it does so from the perspective of sex workers themselves. By publishing their voices directly we hope to help readers resist indifference and to become more critical of states’ interventions. Download as a PDF A call for remembrance is not necessarily a call for closer attention to the details of history, so what exactly should we remember, why, and what do we do with these memories? Slavery: memory and afterlives reflects on these questions in relation to the memory of slavery and the different conversations that can be had about it. Global Supply Chains Hear more voices from the supply chain... Editors Genevieve LeBaron | Prabha Kotiswaran | Joel Quirk | Gabriella Sanchez | Julia O'Connell Davidson | Sam Okyere | Elena Shih | Cecily Jones | Neil Howard | Cameron Thibos | Penelope Kyritsis Write for us We are interested in receiving 750-1250 word, op-ed-style submissions that offer timely, high-quality analysis of relevant issues or respond to our published articles. We will also consider multimedia submissions, such as videos, podcasts, or photo essays. Those interested should follow our submissions guidelines and send their work to Beyond.Slavery@openDemocracy.net. BTS short course The BTS Short Course brings 167 contributions from 150 top academics and practitioners into the world’s first open access ‘e-syllabus’ on forced labour, trafficking, and slavery. This eight-volume set is packed with insights from the some of the best and most progressive scholarship available. Read on... Latest Tweets Tweets about beyondslavery Like us on Facebook Topics Popular representations and dominant discourses Forced labour in the global economy State and the law On history Migration and mobility Race, ethnicity and belonging Childhood and youth Gender ••• Letters to BTS Possible futures Special features Primary links About Submit Secondary links Team Supporters What they say Contact Jobs Privacy Licensing & Syndication Advertise Media Inquiries Vacancies RSS Feed Sections openDemocracy Free thinking for the world openDemocracy UK Investigating the crisis of democracy in Britain oDR Russia and beyond 50.50 Critical perspectives: social justice, gender, pluralism DemocraciaAbierta Global platform for Latin American voices Transformation Where love meets social justice Most Popular Healthy for the long haul: building resilience in human rights workers Fred Abrahams Cyber-feminism in China: between expression and oppression Ting Guo Working to stop the war in Yemen: Interview with peace activist Sam Walton Ian Sinclair and Sam Walton Trade unions, the internet, and surviving the gig economy Alex J. Wood It’s not the gig economy, stupid. Daniel Tomlinson Recent comments openDemocracy Ltd, The Print House, 18 Ashwin Street, London, E8 3DL. Tel: +44 (0) 207 193 0676
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Simon Dawson/Bloomberg Brexit Bulletin: Secret Supermarket Squeeze Supermarkets and bank lobbyists find creative solutions to Brexit price pressures. by Simon Kennedy @simonjkennedy More stories by Simon Kennedy April 11, 2017, 2:30 AM EDT Sign up to receive the Brexit Bulletin in your inbox, and follow @Brexit on Twitter. Supermarkets are imposing a secret squeeze on British consumers to compensate for Brexit-induced cost increases. As Bloomberg’s Sam Chambers reports on Tuesday, grocers such as Tesco and Wal-Mart’s Asda are proving unable to raise prices on staple goods from milk to Marmite because of tough competition from discounter rivals and watchful tabloid newspapers. Their solution? Ratchet up the bill for less frequently-purchased goods such as dental floss, whose costs might not register as readily with shoppers. That’s helping them offset some of the pressures they’re feeling in part from the pound’s post-referendum slide. The strategy comes to light as the British Retail Consortium and KPMG reported that like-for-like retail sales fell 1 percent in March on a year-on-year basis. The Office for National Statistics is predicted to report later on Tuesday that inflation last month remained above the Bank of England’s 2 percent target. May’s City Confidant Frenchman Xavier Rolet aligned with then-Prime Minister David Cameron against Brexit and warned of the economic repercussions of it. Now the 57-year-old chief executive of the London Stock Exchange is trying to turn the loss into a win by working closely with Prime Minister Theresa May to bring a piece of the Aramco initial public offering, the biggest in history, to the U.K. capital. Last week, he traveled with the premier to meet with the king of Saudi Arabia. Theresa May, U.K. prime minister, left, reacts as she attends a meeting with Xavier Rolet, chief executive officer of London Stock Exchange Group Plc, right, inside the Saudi Stock Exchange, also known as the Tadawul All Share Index in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, on Tuesday, April 4, 2017. Simon Dawson/Bloomberg Success would signal to the world that London is still Europe’s top financial center and damp the voices of those in Brussels who say Brexit must come at a price, Bloomberg’s John Detrixhe and Alex Morales report on Tuesday. A failure would be a public embarrassment for May and the executive who is increasingly put into service by the British government. Financial Manifesto The British finance industry released a new Brexit manifesto, arguing the U.K. and European Union should strike a deal that allows both sides access to each other’s markets and goes beyond the option of regulatory equivalence.  The International Regulatory Strategy Group, which is sponsored by the City of London Corporation and TheCityUK, also proposed a joint committee to ensure regulations stay aligned and laid out a way to resolve disputes after any future trade deal. “What we’re trying to do is set out a mechanism by which we feel we can have mutual recognition of our regulatory systems, which will enable cross-border business to continue to flow post-Brexit,” said Mark Hoban, chairman of the IRSG. “We want to try and shape thinking on both sides of the debate.” The Financial Times reported one option for banks is to volunteer to be subject to EU rules in order to gain market access. Further reading: What are the options for banks after Brexit? Brexit Bullets Emissaries of the 27 EU governments excluding Britain meet in Brussels on Tuesday to discuss the draft negotiating guidelines drawn up by EU President Donald Tusk Eurasia Group’s Mujtaba Rahman suggests the two sides address the bill the EU wants to impose by establishing a working group to study it, freeing up time to discuss other topics BMW, Ford and Jaguar Land Rover are among the winners of £110 million from the U.K. for the development of low-carbon vehicles and driverless cars as the government tries to nurture industries of the future Migration Watch says high-skilled British workers might be able to find jobs in the EU even without a Brexit deal thanks to an expansion of the EU’s “blue visa” program Bloomberg View’s Justin Fox analyses the “U.K.’s strange Singapore envy” A survey of 2,500 Swiss companies by UBS finds 65 percent of chief executives believe there will be further withdrawals from the EU, according to the Daily Express Russian billionaire Alisher Usmanov, an owner of Arsenal Football Club, says Brexit offers investors both risks and opportunities. And Finally… Tensions between the two sides during and after last year’s referendum campaign were aggravated by so-called bots spreading fake news on social media, according to a new study. In a presentation to the Royal Economic Society’s annual conference this week, researchers Yuriy Gorodnichenko, Tho Pham and Oleksandr Talavera concluded that automated software agents used to spread incorrect stories drove the two sides of the debate further apart. Their study encompassed more than 28 million tweets sent between May 24 and August 17 last year. A pro-Brexit tweet had a stronger effect on a Leave supporter than a Remain one, they found. “Social bots spread and amplify misinformation, thus influencing what humans think about a given issue,” the authors said. “Policy-makers and social media should seriously consider mechanisms to discourage the use of social bots to manipulate public opinion.” Supporters gather around the Vote Leave Bus during the first day of a nationwide bus tour to campaign for a so-called Brexit in Truro, U.K., on Wednesday, May 11, 2016. Photographer: Luke MacGregor/Bloomberg For more on Brexit follow Bloomberg on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram, and see our full coverage at Bloomberg.com Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read DeVos Undoes Obama Student Loan Protections United CEO Apologizes Again After First Mea Culpa Falls Flat United Is Under Fire for Dragging a Passenger Off an Overbooked Flight Trump Transition Team Faces Spending Review at Warren's Urging Sorry America, Your Taxes Aren’t High Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscribe Manage My Account PB Inner Circle Sign up for Morning Mail e-Edition Advertise Today's Sales Inserts About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Log In News Local News Columns Minnesota Nation World History Webcams Newsroom Directory Submit a News Tip Sports High School Sports Local Sports P-B Playbook Minnesota Sports National Sports Outdoors Life Lifestyles Food Wellness Travel Entertainment Celebrations Kid Scoop Opinion Our Views Letters Columnists Cartoons Obituaries Death Notices Submit Information Events Magazines 507 Magazine At Home Magazine Radish Magazine Rochester Magazine Business Directory AgriNews Blogs Furst Draft Kiger's Notebook Jobs Find a job Post a job Recruitment Advertising Buy & Sell Classifieds Autos Homes Sales & Specials Deals 36° Clear Toggle navigation Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Manage My Account PB Inner Circle Sign up for Morning Mail e-Edition Advertise Today's Sales Inserts About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Log In News Local News Crime and Courts Education Business Politics Elections Destination Medical Center Columns Answer Man Heard on the Street Minnesota Nation World History Webcams Newsroom Directory Submit a News Tip Sports High School Sports Century Panthers John Marshall Rockets Lourdes Eagles Mayo Spartans Local Sports P-B Playbook Minnesota Sports National Sports Outdoors Life Lifestyles Food Wellness Travel Entertainment 507 Magazine Sudoku TV listings Total TV Celebrations Kid Scoop Opinion Our Views Letters Submit a Letter Commentary Guidelines Columnists Cartoons Obituaries Death Notices Submit Information Events Magazines 507 Magazine At Home Magazine Radish Magazine Rochester Magazine Business Directory AgriNews Blogs Furst Draft Kiger's Notebook Jobs Find a job Post a job Recruitment Advertising Buy & Sell Classifieds Marketplace Community Housing Personals Sale Service Vehicle Place your ad Autos Homes Brokers Builders Agents Open Houses Real Estate Classifieds Advertise Sales & Specials HyVee Deals 36° Rochester, MN (55903) Today Cloudy with rain developing later in the day. High 61F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 80%.. Tonight Overcast with rain showers at times. Thunder possible. Low 44F. Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 60%. Updated: April 12, 2017 @ 12:54 am Full Forecast top right promo - flex2 Home News Local News Close Buy Now Development coming to South Broadway after the School District sells the Golden Hill property to Ryan Companies. centerpiece Retail center could transform South Broadway Jeff Kiger, jkiger@postbulletin.com Jeff Kiger Business Reporter Apr 10, 2017 Updated 11 hrs ago (…) A proposed South Broadway retail development could dramatically reshape Rochester's physical landscape as well its retail one. Twin Cities-based Ryan Cos. has been working on purchasing the former Golden Hill School on the corner of South Broadway and Third Avenue Southeast since 2015. Now the $1.7 million deal is expected to close on April 28. Mid-America Real Estate, working with Ryan Cos., is now marketing the area online with a brochure that shows a significant transformation of the area. A small hill that separates the former school from Walmart to the south is slated to be removed along with the Golden Hill building to create a new commercial area. Mid-America's materials estimate that the proposed project will be completed by fall of this year. It maps out the 8.8 acre site running along the angled Third Avenue and extending just a few feet away from the northwest corner of the nearby Walmart store. A recently installed traffic light will feed cars from Broadway to the new Ryan/Mid-America development. The plan calls for four commercial buildings, housing 54,500 square feet of space, to be constructed next to each other. Two of the stores are listed as having national retail tenants, Marshalls and Ulta Beauty. Buy Now Development coming to South Broadway after the School District sells the Golden Hill property to Ryan Companies. Marshalls, marked as occupying the largest of the four buildings, is a corporate sibling of Massachusetts-based TJ Maxx that carries inexpensive clothes, home goods and other items. There are more than 975 Marshalls stores. The Illinois-based Ulta is a national chain that carries cosmetics, skin-care products, fragrances, and hair-care items. The beauty retailer has 974 locations in the U.S. and has plans to open 100 more stores this year. Representatives from Marshalls or Ulta were not able to confirm a commitment to the future center on Monday. No one from Mid-America or Ryans Cos. were available to comment on the project. Ryan Cos. has long marked the site for development, though no details about tenants or size have been released publicly before this. Mark Schoening, Ryan's senior vice president of national retail development, has said previously they plan to build a retail center on the site. In January, the firm filed for a demolition permit to clear away the long-empty 36,000-square-foot school. However, the Rochester Public School District still owns the property, though the school board has been working to sell it to Ryan. The school board decided to sell the unused Golden Hill building in 2014 and signed a purchase agreement with Ryan Cos. in 2015 for $1.8 million. That price was later reduced to $1.7 million. The agreement has been extended a few times as Ryan Cos. worked on plans for the site. Now both sides say they expect the sale happen on April 28. This isn't the only project the Twin Cities developer has planned for that busy corner. In August 2016, Ryan Cos. paid $580,000 for the nearby property at 2276 S. Broadway, where a former BP gas station is slated to be demolished. The land is directly across Third Avenue Southeast from the proposed retail center. Ryan has filed plans to build a Starbucks coffee shop on that site, which would complement the nearby businesses. What's your reaction? Angry 7 Sad 5 Funny 6 Wow 13 Love 42 Angry 7 Sad 5 Funny 6 Wow 13 Love 42 Jeff Kiger Business Reporter Jeff has worked at newspapers as a reporter, columnist, editor, photographer and copy editor since 1992. He started at the Post Bulletin in 1999. Kiger is the PB's business reporter and writes a daily column, "Heard on the Street." Follow Jeff Kiger Close Get email notifications on Jeff Kiger daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Jeff Kiger posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Jeff Kiger Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Flex2 - Morning Mail - Horizontal for Articles More Headlines Let's have a tractor parade Noseworthy nominated to major pharmaceutical board Heard on the Street: New tenants on the way to fill an empty Big Box Winona is asking for input on historic Masonic drops decision Multimedia Photos: Girls golf, Stewartville Invitational Photos: Century, Mankato West baseball Photos: The annual Randolph FFA Tractor Parade Slideshow: Rochester's Best-Looking Restaurants What do you think? Event Calendar Submit an Event View All Events top right promo - flex2 What do you think? Most Viewed Articles Collections Articles Mayo Clinic doc: Trump has 'community on edge' over vaccines 'Medicine is really about giving back' Can we keep world-renowned doctors? Retail center could transform South Broadway Answer Man: Is Red Wing soon to get a Hy-Vee? Seen and Heard: State leaves big mark during broadcaster's short stay Lawsuit alleges Dallemand authorized payment for fake software As autism rates rise, the vaccination debate rages on Wojcik facing new ethics complaint Our View: Direct care workers should get pay raise Collections Photos: Mock crash at Kasson-Mantorville High School Photos: R/C racing at Tea's Hobby & R/C Raceway Slideshow: Rochester's Best-Looking Restaurants Photos: Triton, Lake City softball Photos: Kasson-Mantorville, Cannon Falls baseball Photos: PEM, Southland softball Photos: John Marshall, Duluth East baseball Photos: Century, Mankato West baseball Photos: Girls golf, Stewartville Invitational Week in Photos: 4-8-17 Today's Paper PostBulletin.com FEATURED ADS Shop Speical at HyVee Featured Businesses Hy-Vee Rochester North 507-289-1815 News Sports Life Opinion Multimedia Obituaries Magazines Blogs Weather AgriNews Log In Services About Us Contact Us Newsroom Directory Careers Advertise Subscription Services Purchase Photo Reprints Submission Forms Contact us PostBulletin.com 18 First Ave. S.E. Rochester, MN 55903 Phone: 800-562-1758 or 507-285-7600 Email: webmaster@postbulletin.com © Copyright 2017 Post-Bulletin Company, LLC, 18 First Ave. S.E. Rochester, MN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Login Profile Print Edition PageView Flip PDF Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Contact Us About Us Advertise Past Issues !!Date!! Browse Archives     Front Page Local Video Sports Obituaries Opinion Education Classifieds Subscribe Front Page News Local Region Nation Video Sports Obituaries Opinion Community Lifestyles Classifieds Subscribe   Other Publications   Argus Champion Message for the Week 2017-04-11 / Front Page Tweet Print Windsor man arrested following police pursuit Suspect a 'person of interest' in Claremont Walmart carjacking By CAMERON PAQUETTE cameronp@eagletimes.com Wayne Keough — COURTESY OF VERMONT STATE POLICESPRINGFIELD, Vt. — A Windsor man classified as a “person of interest” in a carjacking Friday night in Claremont was apprehended early Monday morning following a police pursuit that started in Claremont and ended in Springfield, Vermont. According to Vermont State Police, 39-year-old Wayne Keough hit speeds of up to 120 miles per hour during the pursuit, which started in Claremont before heading west into Weathersfield and down Interstate 91 into Springfield, ending in a crash. Claremont Police Chief Mark Chase said the pursuit started in the area of Mulberry Street around 3:30 a.m. when an officer on patrol recognized the driver of a 1999 Jeep Cherokee as Keough, who had an active warrant for his arrest out of Vermont. The officer initiated the pursuit, which initially went toward the center of town before heading west on Main Street toward Weathersfield. Chase said the suspect is a “person of interest” in the investigation of a carjacking that took place at the Claremont Walmart around 11 p.m. Friday night. In that incident, the suspect allegedly assaulted the victim, a Walmart employee who was leaving the store, took their keys and drove away in their vehicle. Police later recovered the stolen vehicle. The suspect in that incident is described as a white man with dark short hair, a goatee, and a dark-colored sweatshirt. “We’re following up on that possible lead,” Chase said. Claremont police called off the pursuit close to the Vermont border due to speed. There was no property damage in New Hampshire as a result of the pursuit. “We were in communications with Vermont authorities” prior to ending the pursuit, Chase said. The pursuit continued at 3:43 a.m. when a Vermont State Police trooper on Route 12 in Weathersfield located the suspect and attempted to stop him. The chase continued down I-91, with speeds reaching 120 miles per hour at times, according to state police. The vehicle left I-91 and continued into the town of Springfield, eventually crashing. According to police, Keough fought with troopers, who had to use tasers. Keough was taken to Springfield Hospital for an evaluation before being arrested and transported to Southern State Correctional Facility, where he is currently lodged on $1,000 bail. Keough has a hearing scheduled in Windsor County District Court on Tuesday at 1 p.m. for the charges of driving under the influence, gross negligent operation, attempting to elude, resisting arrest, and driving with a suspended license. Keough had been placed on escape from furlough on March 9. According to Chase, warrants have been submitted to the state of Vermont for Keough's arrest for felony charges of robbery and reckless conduct. "Mr. Keough has a number of charges in Vermont at this time where he is being held and it is the intention of the state of New Hampshire that when Keough has completed his sentence that he be held and returned to the state of New Hampshire to answer to these charges and any other that are filed against him," Chase said in an official statement. Return to top Login to post comments Most Viewed Stories Windsor man arrested following police pursuit Charlestown woman pleads guilty to fraud charges Charlestown Health Center set to open in July Click here for digital edition Tweets by eagletimesnh Copyright 2011-2017 Eagle Times, All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services
Left Foot Forward Economy Public Services Social Security Immigration Sustainability Europe MediaWatch About Writers Donate Events Trending Labour economy NHS Brexit Follow @leftfootfwd About Writers Donate Events Search Email signup Go Email Address Go Email Address Go ×Close ×Close Sustainable Economy Fifty U.S. companies stashed $1.6tn offshore in 2015 – and Trump will make it worse Today Sustainable Economy Calls for UK to take action on crown territories and dependencies Share Tweet Share Shares 0 Image: Crown Copyright/Jay Allen The amount of money stashed offshore by the 50 biggest U.S. companies jumped by $200 billion in 2015, according to a new report from Oxfam. Using a secretive network of 1,751 subsidiaries in tax havens, the companies — including Pfizer, Goldman Sachs, Wal-Mart and Apple — secreted a total of $1.6 trillion offshore. The Rigged Reform report also warns that big companies are pumping investment into political lobbying in order to win even greater tax breaks. And while the situation was bad in 2015, Donald Trump’s proposed tax reforms will skew the American tax system further, in favour of the wealthy and powerful. The president has proposed slashing corporation tax from 35 to 15 per cent, enhancing the risk of a ‘race to the bottom’ in international tax policy. He has also proposed a protectionist Border Adjustment Tax, which is expected to harm poor consumers in the U.S. and poor communities around the world. Additionally, Oxfam estimates that tax reforms proposed by President Trump and leaders in Congress could give the 50 top companies a windfall of between $312 and $327 billion on the profits they hold offshore. Oxfam’s Head of Inequality Ana Arendar said: ‘These companies have deepened their use of tax havens and increased efforts to build influence to push for even greater tax breaks than they already have,’ commented Oxfam’s head of inequality, Ana Arendar. “Corporate tax dodgers cheat the US out of approximately $135 billion in unpaid tax revenues every year and poor countries out of an estimated $100 billion annually.” Oxfam specifically calls on the UK government to pass an amendment to its Criminal Finances Bill that would compel British Overseas Territories to publish registers revealing the owners of companies set up there. Arendar continued: “This report shows how tax avoidance continues to help the rich get richer at the expense of the poor. Governments, including the UK and the US, must work together to ensure all big businesses pay their fair share.” Theresa May has repeatedly promised to build an economy that works for everyone. The opportunity seems fairly clear. See: A year on from the Panama Papers, a post-Brexit ‘Global Britain’ should lead on transparency Share Tweet Share Shares 0 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email (will not be published) (required) Website Comment Search Email signup Go Email Address Go Email Address Go ×Close ×Close 7ads6x98y
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Food & Drink April 9, 2017 8:03 AM Packaged salads recalled from Walmart after dead bat found inside Fresh Express recalled its Organic Marketside Spring Mix from Walmart stores in the Southeastern United States Saturday because a dead bat was found in a packaged salad in Florida. i By David J. Neal dneal@miamiherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Fresh Express recalled its Organic Marketside Spring Mix from Walmart stores in the Southeastern United States Saturday because a dead bat was found in a packaged salad in Florida. As the U.S. Food & Drug Administration’s recall chart notes, if there’s the possibility of bat body parts, there’s a “minimal risk of rabies contamination.” The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says it’s working with the FDA and the Florida Department of Health to investigate the situation. While Fresh Express’ recall notice tiptoes around the bat issue — “Fresh Express was notified that extraneous animal matter was allegedly found in a single container of the salad” — the CDC had this to say on its website: “Two people in Florida reported eating some of the salad before the bat was found. The bat was sent to the CDC rabies lab for laboratory testing because bats in the United States sometimes have been found to have this disease. The deteriorated condition of the bat did not allow for CDC to definitively rule out whether this bat had rabies.” The CDC did say the risk of rabies transmission is very low, but not zero, so the organization recommended the two eaters of the organic salad begin treatment as if they’d been exposed to rabies. Both report good health so far, according to the CDC. As for the recalled product, it comes in a five-ounce, clear container. The best-by date is April 14, 2017, with production code G089B19. Customers can toss it or return it to the Walmart of purchase. Those with questions can call the Fresh Express Consumer Response Center 800-242-5472 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. In addition to Florida, the salads went to Walmart stores in Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia. David J. Neal: 305-376-3559, @DavidJNeal Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Food & Drink Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:52 Gunman opens fire at Shops of Merrick Park Pause 0:32 Thieves swipe cases of booze from Coral Gables liquor store 0:56 Families check out the gadgets at Maker Faire Miami 0:20 Helicopter Landing at Coral Gables High School responding to shooter at Merrick Park 0:54 WOW takes flight from Miami 2:22 Ellington: "We're excited for this road trip." 3:17 UM Hurricanes coach Mark Richt reviews scrimmage 1:24 Miami Beach Pride Parade 1:39 Lincoln Road landmarks lit up for Pride 0:25 Country singer Dustin Lynch gives the scoop on Tortuga festival Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 24 days ago How to make a St. Patrick's Day drink 1:06 24 days ago How to make a St. Patrick's Day drink 0:56 24 days ago How to make an Irish coffee 1:15 a month ago Calle Ocho hosts croqueta-eating contest View more video Food & Drink Packaged salads recalled from Walmart after dead bat found inside Taste wine like a pro with these tips E. coli outbreak involving peanut butter substitute reaches Florida Artisan breakfasts, lunches served at new Madruga Bakery in Coral Gables Is there rubber or plastic in your taquito? A recall just in case Entertainment Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Subscribe | Sign in. 48° Fair See complete forecast Search menu Advanced Search Archives Site map Submit a photo News Today's news Weather Local news Town Talk Lights & Sirens Old Home Town Events Obituaries City hall Business State & regional Kansas government Crime, fire & courts Legal Announcements Schools & education First Bell KU news Heard on the Hill Haskell Couples Births Sound off Statehouse Live Sports KUsports Haskell Royals Chiefs Sporting KC High school Professional Columns KU Today Events Health Entertainment Living Faith Food Travel Home & Garden Pets Volunteers Events Health Opinion Staff blogs Editorials Letters to the editor Saturday column On the street Discussion/Forums Your turn Local columns Syndicated columns Submit your letter Multimedia Videos Photo galleries Audio slide shows Submit a photo Help Subscribe Social media directory Contact us Email & Text alerts Advanced search Submit a photo Submit a news item Emergency resources Username FAQ's Business Directory Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Apartments Deals Coupons Circulars LJWorld.com weblogs Shelf Life Five books that have stayed with me Posted by Lawrence Public Library Staff April 11, 2017 at 11:12 p.m. Advertisement When I saw the Lawrence Public Library Book Squad’s first Squad Goal (Re-read a book you haven’t read in more than 5 years), I was excited for an excuse to pick up one of the books that have been sitting untouched on my shelf for longer than I care to admit. It also gave me an excuse to reflect on the many books I’ve read over the years. Here are five that have stayed with me: by Lawrence Public Library Staff "The Accidental Florist" (Jane Jeffry Series) by Jill Churchill When I was in high school, my grandmother introduced me to Jill Churchill’s Jane Jeffry mysteries. Starting with "Grime and Punishment," the series follows the suburban housewife turned amateur sleuth who, with the help of her neighbor, solves the string of unrelated murders that happen around her. In the final installment, "The Accidental Florist," Jane marries her longtime beau, Detective Mel VanDyne, and it wouldn't be a Churchill mystery without someone turning up dead. Hanging on to these books has been a way to keep connected to my grandmother after she passed away more than a decade ago. "Where the Heart Is" by Billie Letts Beyond serving pizza and ice cream at a gas station, my only extracurricular activity in high school was book club. I’m pretty sure this was the first pick my sophomore year. Seventeen and pregnant, Novalee Nation is abandoned by her boyfriend at a Wal-Mart in Sequoyah, Oklahoma with just $7.77. She takes up temporary residence in the discount department store and meets a number of friendly, caring people who help her adapt to the community. With characters as eccentric as their names — Sister Husband and Benny Goodluck, for example — and heartbreaking events, it’s a story I never forgot. Overall, I think it’s a well-crafted representation of low-income, small town life in the Midwest. "The Bluest Eye" by Toni Morrison My junior year of college, I took an author study class on Morrison. There were about nine other students, and over the course of a semester, we read and discussed the seven novels she had published up to that point. It was basically like a book club, but with quizzes and term papers. "The Bluest Eye" was my absolute favorite, and I learned so much from it. The story — centered on a young black girl who dreams of having blue eyes — exposed me to a world that I will never be familiar with and opened my eyes to the damage of popular culture’s portrayal of beauty as “whiteness.” Definitely memorable. "Reservation Blues" by Sherman Alexie As an English major, I also took a course on Native American literature. Among the mix of books, short stories and poetry, we read Sherman Alexie’s novel about a group of misfits from a Spokane Reservation in Washington who form a blues band. Robert Johnson — the famous blues singer, who, legend has it, sold his soul to the devil — winds up on the reservation in search of a local medicine woman called Big Mom and leaves his guitar in the hands of Thomas Builds-the-Fire. Thomas convinces two others from the reservation to form a band and they garner near-instant fame in the Northwest. "Invisible Monsters" by Chuck Palahniuk I read this in one sitting at an overnight job I had right out of college. A model recovering from having her lower jaw blown off in an accident meets a transgender woman who introduces herself as Brandy Alexander (among many other names) and drives across the country selling stolen drugs at nightclubs. In my favorite scene, the model and Brandy are at the top of Seattle's space needle flinging postcards off the edge. On the back of each they scribble little sayings like "All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring. We must never, ever be boring." The best thing about re-reading books is that it can remind you of where you were when you first read one, and of how that book has affected or changed your perspective. For the Squad Goal, I ended up re-reading "Reservation Blues," and I was immediately taken back to both the Spokane Reservation in Washington and my college dorm room where spent a number of late nights trying to keep up with the reading. What books have stayed with you? — William Ottens is the cataloging and collection development coordinator at the Lawrence Public Library. Print Comment E-mail to a friend Facebook Tweet LinkedIn StumbleUpon Google + Tumblr Wordpress Reddit Copy and paste the link: Comments Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Sign in to comment Login/Signup Reply Tags library loading... Most discussed Most e-mailed Trump records call for GOP hopeful in House race in Kansas April 10, 2017 · 8 comments Blog: Commercial property that owes city, county $180K in back taxes sells for $1 at auction; east side shopping center in foreclosure April 11, 2017 · 6 comments Editorial: Consolidation makes sense April 11, 2017 · 3 comments Letter to the editor: It's all over April 10, 2017 · 13 comments Aging Lawrence High School would receive bulk of bond issue funds; a look at most pressing needs April 9, 2017 · 17 comments Lawrence City Commission to discuss consolidation of facilities, potential purchase of Riverfront Plaza April 9, 2017 · 13 comments Letter to the editor: Fair is fair April 9, 2017 · 18 comments Senate confirms Trump pick Neil Gorsuch to Supreme Court April 7, 2017 · 28 comments Lawrence school board to swear in new member, hear report on district's equity efforts April 9, 2017 · 8 comments City to offer municipal bonds to Lawrence residents to support fire truck purchase April 10, 2017 · 5 comments More KU success of two other Memphis natives helped lead Lawson brothers to Kansas April 10, 2017 More Advertisement Sections Today's news / Local / State / Sports / Entertainment / Living / Business / Opinion / Faith / Politics / LJWorld.com News archives / About / Feedback / Contact / Media licensing requests / Terms of service / Staff / Jobs / Sitemap / e-Edition Services Subscribe / Advertising / Customer service / Online Store Submit News / Photo / Events / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary / Births / Letter to the Editor / Press release / DMCA Notice Also online Photos / Podcasts / Videos / Circulars / Mobile edition / Email Alerts & Newsletters / Kansas Weddings Magazine / Social media directory Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 Lawrence Journal-World. All rights reserved. See our terms of use for RSS feeds.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Cherry Coke Debuts in China With Special Edition Cans The Oracle of Omaha is a well-known fan of Coca-Cola. Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Apr 11, 2017 at 10:47PM In this segment from Motley Fool Money, the team looks at an unusual marketing plan cooked up between the world's leading soda company and the world's greatest investor. Will putting an octogenarian on cola cans seize the attention of Chinese customers? Buffett is indeed a popular man in the most populous nation.  A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on April 7, 2017. Chris Hill: Berkshire Hathaway owns more than 9% of Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO) stock. To help Big Red with the recent launch of Cherry Coke in China, Berkshire is pitching in by lending one of their assets: Warren Buffett special edition cans of Cherry Coke will feature Buffett's likeness and will be available in China as long as supplies last. Coca-Cola's chairman and CEO, Muhtar Kent, said, "I can't think of a better way to launch Cherry Coke than with its best-known fan on the package." Really, Simon? That's the best way? Simon Erickson: Hey, I'm not guaranteeing this, but I've heard that it makes you smarter if you drink the can that has Warren Buffett on it. Hill: You know what? I could think of a few Fools around here that are big enough fans of Warren Buffett that they would pick up a few limited edition cans of Cherry Coke. Erickson: Sure. And China loves Warren Buffett. The Omaha World Herald reported over 3,000 Chinese investors read Berkshire's annual meeting last year. He's a great public figure, great for the brand, and probably going to sell some more Cokes out there in the country. Hill: In all seriousness, we've seen Buffett's likeness being used in China in other promotional efforts. So, maybe not all that surprising, that he's on the cans of Cherry Coke. Erickson: And I thought it was a flattering depiction of him on the Coke can, as well. Hill: Yeah, I think, if you're Warren Buffett, you're probably fine with that drawing that they've done up. I've certainly seen worse. Jason Moser: It makes him look a little bit younger. My rule of thumb, if it makes you look a little bit younger, everything's OK. Chris Hill owns shares of Coca-Cola. Jason Moser owns shares of Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). Simon Erickson owns shares of Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Apr 11, 2017 at 10:47PM Consumer Goods Stocks Coca-Cola NYSE:KO $42.66 down $0.03 (-0.07%) Read More Why lululemon athletica inc. Stock Plunged 20.5% in March Why Lowe's Companies Inc. Stock Rose 11% Last Month Better Buy: Shake Shack vs. McDonald's There Are Still Plenty of Reasons to Love Nike Why Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. Stock Jumped 28% in March Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Cherry Coke Debuts in China With Special Edition Cans @themotleyfool #stocks $KO
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Costco Wholesale Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Costco Wholesale Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costco Wholesale (COST) Receives Daily News Impact Rating of 0.24 CONSOL Energy (CNX) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Canacol Energy Ltd (CNE) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Brokerages Set Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) PT at $5.17 Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc (HII) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Momo (MOMO) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.19 Natural Gas Services Group (NGS) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.05 Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings (OLLI) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.33 Energen Co. (EGN) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.09 Per Share SurModics (SRDX) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Likely to Effect Stryker (SYK) Share Price Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact Synchrony Financial (SYF) Share Price CYS Investments Inc (CYS) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Electromed, Inc. (ELMD) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Ashland Global Holdings Inc. (ASH) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Assa Abloy (ASAZY) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Lion Biotechnologies (LBIO) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Inotek Pharmaceuticals Corp (ITEK) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows Silgan Holdings (SLGN) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.01 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Effect NetScout Systems (NTCT) Stock Price Costco Wholesale (COST) Receives Daily News Impact Rating of 0.24 April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News articles about Costco Wholesale (NASDAQ:COST) have trended somewhat positive recently, according to Alpha One Sentiment. The research group, a unit of Accern, rates the sentiment of news coverage by monitoring more than 20 million blog and news sources. Alpha One ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Costco Wholesale earned a coverage optimism score of 0.24 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave news articles about the retailer an impact score of 77 out of 100, meaning that recent news coverage is likely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the immediate future. These are some of the media stories that may have effected AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis’s analysis: Whole Foods Markets: Cramer’s Top Takeaways (finance.yahoo.com) PHOTO GALLERY: QuikTrip Moves to Top of Favorite Places to Fill Up (csnews.com) Who Are The Conscious Companies? (nasdaq.com) Op-Ed: Here's what's driving me crazy about the GDP number (finance.yahoo.com) Wal-Mart's Sam's Club Has a New Way to Drive Sales (finance.yahoo.com) COST has been the topic of a number of analyst reports. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $175.00 price target on shares of Costco Wholesale in a research report on Sunday, February 5th. Citigroup Inc upgraded shares of Costco Wholesale from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, December 19th. Robert W. Baird reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $180.00 price target on shares of Costco Wholesale in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Barclays PLC set a $158.00 price target on shares of Costco Wholesale and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated a “conviction-buy” rating and issued a $187.00 price target on shares of Costco Wholesale in a research report on Saturday, January 21st. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating, twenty have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $178.73. Costco Wholesale (NASDAQ:COST) traded down 0.34% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $170.63. 1,191,415 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $169.56 and a 200-day moving average price of $160.16. Costco Wholesale has a 12-month low of $138.57 and a 12-month high of $178.71. The firm has a market capitalization of $74.90 billion, a P/E ratio of 31.48 and a beta of 0.89. Costco Wholesale (NASDAQ:COST) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, March 2nd. The retailer reported $1.17 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.36 by $0.19. Costco Wholesale had a net margin of 2.02% and a return on equity of 20.06%. The business earned $29.77 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $29.75 billion. During the same period last year, the firm posted $1.24 earnings per share. Costco Wholesale’s quarterly revenue was up 5.7% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts expect that Costco Wholesale will post $5.67 EPS for the current fiscal year. In other Costco Wholesale news, VP Roland Michael Vachris sold 3,180 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, January 11th. The stock was sold at an average price of $161.73, for a total value of $514,301.40. Following the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 7,123 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,152,002.79. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, insider John D. Mckay sold 4,948 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $168.25, for a total value of $832,501.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 64,532 shares in the company, valued at $10,857,509. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 129,128 shares of company stock worth $21,446,442. Insiders own 0.74% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Costco Wholesale (COST) Receives Daily News Impact Rating of 0.24” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/costco-wholesale-cost-receives-daily-news-impact-rating-of-0-24.html. Costco Wholesale Company Profile Costco Wholesale Corporation is engaged in the operation of membership warehouses in the United States and Puerto Rico, Canada, the United Kingdom, Mexico, Japan, Australia, Spain, and through its subsidiaries in Taiwan and Korea. As of August 28, 2016, the Company operated 715 warehouses across the world. Receive News & Ratings for Costco Wholesale Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Costco Wholesale Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Top Stories Video Live TV new Staff Stories Most Popular  • Front Page News •  All Latest One News Page > Front Page > Wal-Mart cutting about 7,000 back-office store jobs Wal-Mart cutting about 7,000 back-office store jobs Thursday, 1 September 2016 NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart is cutting 7,000 back-office store jobs over the next few months as it centralizes its invoice and accounting departments, expanding a test it announced in June. The nation’s largest private employer said Thursday that the cuts will take place in all of its namesake stores, confirming the move reported by […] » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Wochit News - on September 1, 2016< > Embed Wal-Mart To Lay Off 7,000 Back End Jobs 00:36 On Thursday, Wal-Mart announced that it would be cutting out some back-end office jobs. The retail giant is the single largest employer in the United States, but they will be cutting back on 7,000 office jobs that typically manage store cash flow and manufacturer claims. The move comes as Wal-Mart... You Might Like Recent related news Ralph Lauren To Close Flagship Fifth Avenue Store; Cut JobsThe ongoing retail massacre claimed its latest victim this morning when iconic luxury retailer Ralph Lauren said it would shut its flagship Polo store on Fifth... Zero Hedge 1 week ago - MarketsAlso reported by •Reuters •RTE.ie Jaeger in Beverley under threat of closure as luxury fashion...Jobs at a luxury clothes store in Beverley town centre are under serious threat after a well-known fashion retailer went into administration. UK fashion chain... Hull Daily Mail 1 day ago - UK Other recent news in Front Page BORUSSIA DORTMUND to 'pull together' against Monaco after explosion sees game postponed US accuses RUSSIA of cover-up in Syria chemical attack Asia and Australia Edition: Syria, United Airlines, NORTH KOREA: Your Morning Briefing Explosion Hits Borussia DORTMUND’s Bus in Germany, Wounding a Player Donald Trump spokesman SEAN SPICER outrages with Hitler chemical weapons comments North Korea 'looking for trouble' and US 'will solve problem' DONALD TRUMP says UNITED AIRLINES CEO Blames 'Disruptive And Belligerent' Passenger Who Was Dragged Off Overbooked Flight Girl, 11, killed in STOCKHOLM terror attack is named What makes this EASTER egg so hard to export? UNITED CEO Oscar Munoz says he is outraged in new memo Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Bashar al-Assad Barack Obama Vladimir Putin Katy Perry Current Topics Sean Spicer Dortmund United Airlines Holocaust Soccer Team Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: Ghost in the Shell This Cuban Wine Is Being 'Protected'.. And Not In The Way You'd Imagine! MOVIE REVIEW: Table 19 Which Iconic Villain Is Returning To Doctor Who? Which Sport Is Taking Up 3D Printing - And Soon? Will The Next Generation Of TRUMPs Be Entering Politics? How Frozen Could Have Ended - And Why We're Glad It Didn't Fancy Seeing Transformers 19? Give It Time Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Home Explore Craig Contests Classifieds Extra Extra eEdition Your Health Print Subscription Apps Sign in Register Craig Daily Press Jump to content 38° Fair Hi 74° Lo 33° Home News Local news Your Health Weather Schools and education Agriculture Business Election On the record Faith Obituaries Births Weddings Extra! Extra! Sports Opinion Letters to the editor Columns Submit a letter Discussions Video & Photography Photo Galleries Current Videos Archived Videos Submit a photo Community Submit Anniversary Birth Engagement Letter to Editor News story suggestion Obituary Photos Press release Wedding Classified ad Request Magazines Breaking news alerts E-edition Public notices Vandalism by sanitary napkins: On the record and jail report for April 4 to 11 By Craig Daily Press Staff Report Tuesday, April 11, 2017 Share this Email, Facebook, Twitter Discuss Comment Advertisement Craig Police Department Craig  Saturday, April 8 12:10 a.m. On the 0 block of West Victory Way near the Popular Bar, officers issued summons to two men for fighting. 12:46 a.m. At Columbine Apartments, officers responded to a report of possible domestic violence. A woman called to say her ex was out her house and was yelling at her and accusing her of hitting him. He then locked himself in the bathroom and the woman requested officers’ help removing him from her house. Officers found alcohol was involved and called a taxi for him and he left. 5:41 a.m. At mile post 90 on U.S. Highway 40, mile post 90, officers responded to a report of a suspicious, heavy-set woman walking from Ridgeview towards town dressed in all white. She was wearing shorts and no coat. Officers contacted her and she was simply walking to town for cigarettes. 8:08 a.m. At Walmart, officers responded to report that a dark blue Chevy pickup had loaded several shopping carts into the truck and took them to City Market. It turned out the carts belonged to City Market in the first place. 8:58 a.m. On the 400 block of East Fourth Street, officers responded to a report of possible domestic violence. A woman reported her husband was being abusive again and she was unable to get out of the residence. He had left for work. Officers contacted her and found no proof of a crime at this time. 9:51 a.m. On the 500 block of Yampa Avenue, officers responded to a report of vandalism. The handicapped sign in the parking lot between the bookstore and the Community Budget Center was knocked down and there was broken glass in the lot. 11:48 a.m. On the 300 block of Tucker Street, officers responded to a report of a theft from a Chevy Silverado. A wallet and small pouch with some rocks in it were missing. 7:34 p.m. In Craig, officers took a report of a threat from a man in Salt Lake City who said someone from Craig threatened him over the phone and threatened to kill himself in front of his girlfriend. Sunday, April 9 12:08 a.m. On the 1200 block of West Sixth Street, officers responded to a report of domestic violence. A woman said a male party was in the unit next door and someone was hitting the walls. Officers made contact with the man. 12:21 a.m. At Columbine Apartments on Wickes Avenue, officers responded to a report of a threat and possible theft. A male party reported one of his two roommates stole his wallet and that he was exiled him from his apartment after they threatened to beat him up. He also claimed one of them pointed a gun at him, but officers found that alcohol was involved, that it was verbal only and the parties agreed to go to bed. 11:19 a.m. On Victory Way, officers took a report of a possible drunk driver. A white GMC pickup with Texas plates and two bicycles in the back was weaving all over the road and seen turning into the Westward Motel. It then left and pulled into Ocean Pearl and was stopped by City Market. A male juvenile was arrested for driving under the influence of drugs, illegal possession and consumption of marijuana by an underage person, driving without a valid drivers license, weaving, cracks in the windshield obstructing vision and no registration card in the vehicle. 1:53 p.m. At West Victory Way and Steele Street, officers responded to a report of a suspicious vehicle. A man said he was following a black Suburban with Wisconsin plates that he believed fit the description of something he saw on the news. Reportedly, a fugitive from Wisconsin had stolen a bunch of guns and threatened to shoot everyone up. Officers did not locate the vehicle. 2:50 p.m. At the Public Safety Center, officers took a report of child abuse or neglect. 6:51 p.m. At City Market, officers responded to a report of theft of a shopping cart by a woman in her forties. Monday, April 10 6:42 a.m. At Yampa Avenue and Eighth Street, officers responded to a car crash between a silver SUV and a blue truck. 8:18 a.m. At Craig Middle School, officers responded to a report of a sexual assault on a child. 3:11 p.m. At Sunset Meadows on Ledford Street, officers responded to a report of a trespass. A woman was refusing to leave the property, was smoking out front and then started beating on the windows after the reporting party locked the door. Officers contacted her and she was trespassed. 4:32 p.m. On the 1000 block of East Seventh Street, officers responded to a report of harassment. A female called to report her former boss had threatened and harassed her while she was working there, then started stalking her. She quit the job and moved back to California, and stated that she was now being harassed by the boss’s teenager through Facebook. 4:34 p.m. At the Public Safety Center, officers responded to a report of a brown, leather, tri-fold wallet that was found. 5:38 p.m. On the 1500 block of West Victory Way, officers took a report of rings found at a thrift shop that had been reported stolen in 2012. They had apparently been found by someone else in the lint filter at a laundromat. 7:26 p.m. On the 500 block of Taylor Street, officers responded to a report of a parcel stolen from a residence estimated to be worth around $500. The package apparently contained clothing. 8:38 p.m. On the 1200 block of West Sixth Street, officers responded to a report of vandalism. The culprits appeared to be teenagers and were throwing sanitary napkins and yogurt-like things at vehicles in the apartment parking lot. 10:56 p.m. On the 600 block of East Fourth Street, officers found a BMX bike parked on the bridge. They checked to see if anyone under the bridge but did not find anyone. Moffat County Jail Tuesday, April 4 Kimberly Ann Miner, 37, of Craig, was summoned on suspicion of child abuse. Nathan Leon Navratil, 24, of Craig, was arrested on a warrant for escape from Correctional Alternative Placement Services and a warrant for failure to comply related to dangerous drugs. Micky Denise O’Neal, 55, of Craig, was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of alcohol, possession of open container of alcoholic beverage and failure to dim lights when approaching an oncoming vehicle. James Dwain Thomas, 54, of Maybell, was arrested on suspicion of forgery of checks, theft between $300 and $750 and crimes against at-risk adults and juveniles. Wednesday, April 5 Charles Francisco Barrios, 37, of Craig, was arrested on suspicion of possession of schedule I/II drugs, possession of drug paraphernalia, violation of bail bond conditions, violation of a restraining order and lack of insurance. Cody Darren Jones, 28, of Craig, was arrested on suspicion of domestic violence, child abuse, false imprisonment and criminal mischief. Juan Mendoza-Pacheco, 31, of Aurora, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a courtesy hold for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Thursday, April 6 Brandi Marie Merrill, 26, of Craig, was summoned on suspicion of criminal impersonation. Aaron Brian Stanberry, 40, of Craig, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a parole hold. Friday, April 7 Robin Janine VonBargen, 54, of Dinosaur, was arrested on suspicion of possession of schedule I/II drugs and possession of drug paraphernalia. Blaine A. Alcott, 33, of Kayenta, Arizona, was arrested on a warrant for failure to appear relating to trespass charges. Saturday, April 8 Roger W. Rhoades, 31, of Vernal, Utah, was arrested on suspicion of second-degree burglary, crimes against at-risk adults and juveniles, theft of between $300 and $750 and second-degree criminal trespass. Sunday, April 9 Shane Nickolas Burum, 32, of Craig, was arrested on suspicion of child abuse, domestic violence, third-degree assault and violation of a restraining order. Allen Wayne Hamm, 19, transient, was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of drugs, illegal possession or consumption of marijuana by an underage person, driving without a valid drivers license, weaving, driving with a broken windshield and driving without registration in the car. Joseph Aaron Selbach, 18, of Craig, was arrested on suspicion of first-degree criminal trespass and criminal attempt. Tuesday, April 11 Judith Jane Brown, 59, of Hamilton, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a courtesy hold for a parole violation. Anthony Joseph Cordova, 25, of Craig, was arrested on suspicion of third-degree criminal trespassing and criminal mischief. Kenneth Edward Craig, 59, of Craig, was arrested on a warrant for failure to comply related to stalking charges. Robert Harold Miller, 45, of Craig, was arrested on suspicion of possession of schedule I/II drugs and drug paraphernalia and driving a vehicle without a valid license. More like this story On the record for April 3, 2013 The Record for June 5, 2013 On the record for Jan. 19 On the record for Moffat County jail April 10 On the record for April 28 Comments Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Requires free registration Posting comments requires a free account and verification. Username I have an account. I'm new. Password Forgot? Sign in Password Confirm password Email > 
           Sign up Connect with OpenID Or login with: Connect to Facebook Connect to Twitter Google OpenID Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Tweets from https://twitter.com/craigdailypress/moffat-county Popular stories Lou Hahn: In response to Paul James 3 comments Craig election 2017: Tax measure fails, Ponikvar wins mayor, Camp top winner in council race 2 comments John Pogline: Thanks, Lou Hahn 2 comments John Ponikvar becomes next Craig mayor 1 comment Our View: Educate yourself on sales/use tax measure 2 comments John Kinkaid: Shame on Salt River 1 comment Salt River Project abatements hit Moffat, Routt county pocketbooks 1 comment Vicki Huyser: Ponikvar for mayor 1 comment Craig veteran's ordeal highlights effects of PTSD, brain injury 1 comment Andrea Camp: In response to Kjera's letter on 1A 1 comment Advertisement Craig Daily Press News archives / About / Contact / Terms of Use / Privacy Policy / Staff / Public notices ExploreCraig.com Add your business / Feedback / Contact Craighomefinder.com Craig Real Estate Services Advertising / Order a magazine Submit News / Photos / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary / Birth / Letter to the Editor / Press release Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 Craig Daily Press. All rights reserved.
    Home | About | Archives | Sponsorship | Contact Us | Submit / Suggest            Smart & Final Names Derek Jones As President Of Its Cash & Carry Banner Stores by Smart & Final Posted: Tuesday, April 11, 2017 at 5:16PM EDT COMMERCE, Calif. -- Smart & Final, the neighborhood warehouse grocery store for households and businesses, announced today that Derek Jones will be the new president of its Cash & Carry Smart Foodservice division. With 60 wholesale stores in six western states, Cash & Carry caters to the foodservice industry as a one-stop shop for large and small business needs. Jones will report to Smart & Final President and CEO Dave Hirz. "This is an exciting period of growth for Cash & Carry, and we look forward to Derek's support in delivering great results as we enter a brand new market for the second year in a row," said Hirz. "He has the experience and track record to drive our ongoing expansion efforts in key markets, and we're confident he's the right person for this large, important part of our business." Jones comes to Smart & Final from SpartanNash Company in Grand Rapids, Michigan, a U.S. grocery distributor and retailer, where he was President and Executive Vice President, Wholesale and Distribution Operations. Prior to that, he served in a variety of roles including EVP of Food Distribution, EVP of Retail Operations and EVP of Wholesale Operations. He brings a wealth of knowledge and experience from his 26 years in the retail industry, spanning several positions in operations, distribution and supply chain at Unisource Worldwide, Office Depot, Walgreens and Wal-Mart Stores. A graduate of the University of Arkansas, Jones is Principal and Business Advisor for Future Development Group, LLC, an organization aiming to provide places of learning, support and resources to students. Previously, he served on the Board of Directors for the National Grocers Association and on the Board of Directors for Heart of West Michigan United Way. Headquartered near Portland, Oregon, Cash & Carry Smart Foodservice is a subsidiary of Smart & Final Stores, Inc. and has operated throughout the Northwest for more than 60 years. The division currently has 60 wholesale stores located in Washington, Oregon, California, Idaho, Nevada and Utah catering to the foodservice industry. About Smart & Final Smart & Final Stores, Inc. (NYSE:  SFS), is a value-oriented food and everyday staples retailer, headquartered in Commerce (near Los Angeles), California. The Company offers quality products in a variety of sizes, saving household, nonprofit and business customers time and money. As of January 1, 2017, the Company operated 305 grocery and foodservice stores under the "Smart & Final," "Smart & Final Extra!" and "Cash & Carry Smart Foodservice" banners in California, Oregon, Washington, Arizona, Nevada, Idaho and Utah, with an additional 15 stores in Northwestern Mexico operated through a joint venture. In business for over 145 years, the Company remains committed to giving back to local communities through employee volunteer opportunities and Company donations to local nonprofits. Source: Smart & Final Print Article Send Article Respond Permalink Share Article   del.icio.us   Facebook   Newsvine   LinkedIn   Reddit   StumbleUpon   Twitter Bakery  Dairy  Deli  Floral   Meat & Poultry  Produce  Seafood  Retail & Foodsvc             Got News? Send your latest press releases and announcements to RetailPR@PerishableNews.com © 2017 Phoenix Media Network Inc., All Rights Reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News PG&E Recognized by the Edison Electric Institute and Key Account Customers for Outstanding Customer Service SAN FRANCISCO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–On April 10, 2017, the Edison Electric Institute (EEI) announced that PG&E is a recipient of its 2017 Awards for Outstanding National Key Accounts Program Award for Outstanding Customer Service. The awards recognize EEI member companies and National Key Accounts executives for providing superior service to multi-site customers. “The Commercial Sector team works with some of the most renowned brands on the globe; from Starbucks and McDonalds to Home Depot, Walmart, Costco and Staples. This national recognition represents the culmination of intense focus, talented employees and invested senior leaders. Relentless on creating value for our customers in ways they want and need,” said Aaron August, the director of Business Energy Solutions at PG&E. “I’m tremendously proud of this team, their efforts and demonstration of their ability to represent our organization as a source of value, innovation and excellence.” Votes were cast by EEI National Key Accounts customers, representing a wide variety of industries, including regulated energy companies. Customers were asked to vote for companies that exceed expectations based on a number of traits, from how proactive, empowered and accountable representatives are to a shared philosophy that customers are the reason they are in business. PG&E’s Business Energy Solutions team serves over 300,000 business customers in PG&E’s 70,000 square-mile diverse service territory in California. The team proactively seeks to help customers with their account management needs, partnering with them on their energy needs and opportunities for efficiency. “I’m thrilled and honored that the team was recognized for their amazing efforts. It’s a wonderful group, full of talented Customer Relationship Managers that truly embody what it means to put the customer at the center of everything we do,” said Melissa Clark, a Business Energy Solutions manager for the commercial sector. The Awards for Outstanding National Key Accounts Customer Service were established by the Customer Advisory Group, a group of national chain customers that provide feedback, guidance, and support to EEI’s National Key Accounts program. EEI’s National Key Accounts program is a customer-oriented program where leading multi-site customers and electric company account representatives collaborate to develop efficient energy management strategies that can be integrated into facilities nationwide. About PG&E Pacific Gas and Electric Company, a subsidiary of PG&E Corporation (NYSE:PCG), is one of the largest combined natural gas and electric energy companies in the United States. Based in San Francisco, with more than 20,000 employees, the company delivers some of the nation’s cleanest energy to nearly 16 million people in Northern and Central California. For more information, visit www.pge.com/ and www.pge.com/en/about/newsroom/index.page. http://www.pgecurrents.com/ http://www.facebook.com/pacificgasandelectric https://twitter.com/pge4me http://www.linkedin.com/company/pacific-gas-and-electric-company http://www.youtube.com/user/pgevideo CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Wednesday 12 April: The Commission will publish a Communication on priority actions needed to reinforce the protection of all children in migration Next PostNext Wabash National Recognized as International Award Finalist for Use of Advanced High-Strength Steel in Rear Impact Guard Search Recent Posts Statement from Westlands Water District on 100 Percent Allocation Announcement Wabash National Recognized as International Award Finalist for Use of Advanced High-Strength Steel in Rear Impact Guard PG&E Recognized by the Edison Electric Institute and Key Account Customers for Outstanding Customer Service Wednesday 12 April: The Commission will publish a Communication on priority actions needed to reinforce the protection of all children in migration Wednesday 12 April: The Commission will publish the 6th Progress Report towards an effective and genuine Security Union Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Mittwoch, 12. April | 06:59 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ROHSTOFF INTERNATIONAL 0:52 | 12.04.2017 PG&E Recognized by the Edison Electric Institute and Key Account Customers for Outstanding Customer Service On April 10, 2017, the Edison Electric Institute (EEI) announced that PG&E is a recipient of its 2017 Awards for Outstanding National Key Accounts Program Award for Outstanding Customer Service. The awards recognize EEI member companies and National Key Accounts executives for providing superior service to multi-site customers. “The Commercial Sector team works with some of the most renowned brands on the globe; from Starbucks and McDonalds to Home Depot, Walmart, Costco and Staples. This national recognition represents the culmination of intense focus, talented employees and invested senior leaders. Relentless on creating value for our customers in ways they want and need,” said Aaron August, the director of Business Energy Solutions at PG&E. “I’m tremendously proud of this team, their efforts and demonstration of their ability to represent our organization as a source of value, innovation and excellence.” Votes were cast by EEI National Key Accounts customers, representing a wide variety of industries, including regulated energy companies. Customers were asked to vote for companies that exceed expectations based on a number of traits, from how proactive, empowered and accountable representatives are to a shared philosophy that customers are the reason they are in business. PG&E’s Business Energy Solutions team serves over 300,000 business customers in PG&E’s 70,000 square-mile diverse service territory in California. The team proactively seeks to help customers with their account management needs, partnering with them on their energy needs and opportunities for efficiency. “I’m thrilled and honored that the team was recognized for their amazing efforts. It’s a wonderful group, full of talented Customer Relationship Managers that truly embody what it means to put the customer at the center of everything we do,” said Melissa Clark, a Business Energy Solutions manager for the commercial sector. The Awards for Outstanding National Key Accounts Customer Service were established by the Customer Advisory Group, a group of national chain customers that provide feedback, guidance, and support to EEI’s National Key Accounts program. EEI’s National Key Accounts program is a customer-oriented program where leading multi-site customers and electric company account representatives collaborate to develop efficient energy management strategies that can be integrated into facilities nationwide. About PG&E Pacific Gas and Electric Company, a subsidiary of PG&E Corporation (NYSE:PCG), is one of the largest combined natural gas and electric energy companies in the United States. Based in San Francisco, with more than 20,000 employees, the company delivers some of the nation’s cleanest energy to nearly 16 million people in Northern and Central California. For more information, visit www.pge.com/ and www.pge.com/en/about/newsroom/index.page. http://www.pgecurrents.com/http://www.facebook.com/pacificgasandelectrichttps://twitter.com/pge4mehttp://www.linkedin.com/company/pacific-gas-and-electric-companyhttp://www.youtube.com/user/pgevideoView source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170411006310/en/ Bookmarken NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 08:48 Uhr | 12.04.2017 Busch-Gruppe macht mit ... 08:41 Uhr | 12.04.2017 Original-Research: EQS Group AG ... 08:36 Uhr | 12.04.2017 Staatsanwaltschaft: Vorerst keine ... 08:36 Uhr | 12.04.2017 DSW will Abstimmung über ... 08:32 Uhr | 12.04.2017 Sportartikelhersteller Puma ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min       Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2017 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
skip to main content Site Menu Donate Menu Home Live Music/Events Support WMOT Membership Sponsor Programming Leave a Legacy Vehicle Donation Scholarship Fund Search Menu Home Live Music/Events Support WMOT Membership Sponsor Programming Leave a Legacy Vehicle Donation Scholarship Fund Search Eye Doctors At Walmart? Group Seeks To Bring Optometrists To Retail Stores By Nomin Ujiyediin • 9 hours ago TweetShareGoogle+Email A proposed ballot measure could allow voters to decide on whether eye doctors can practice inside retail stores like Walmart. Brent Fuchs / The Journal Record TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. © 2017 WMOT Employment Contact Us
Fiji Time: 7:01 PM on Wednesday 12 April Home Politics Local Sport World Letters Editorial Nai Lalakai Business Features Classifieds Weather Gallery Archives / Front page / Business Border tax target Reuters Wednesday, April 12, 2017 OPPONENTS of a proposal to create a US border tax on imported goods are targeting lawmakers in their home states for the next two weeks while Congress is in recess, according to organisers of the lobbying effort. The anti-border tax coalition, known as Americans for Affordable Products, includes large corporations that require imports like automakers and retail giants like Target (TGT.N), Best Buy (BBY.N) and Walmart (WMT.N). The tax opponents will target 40 members of Congress in 11 states, said coalition spokesman Joshua Baca. "We're talking to businesses, local associations, having a frank conversation with them about how dumb this idea is," Mr Baca said. His group argues the proposal will raise consumer prices. As part of a total overhaul of the US tax code, Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan has proposed lowering the corporate income tax to 20 per cent from 35 per cent, imposing a 20 per cent tax on imports and excluding export revenue from taxable income. The proposal has some strong corporate backers who say it will boost American jobs and not raise prices, including companies that do considerable amount of exporting, such as Boeing (BA.N), Caterpillar (CAT.N) and Pfizer (PFE.N). The anti-border tax group is planning to host a town hall meeting next week in Nevada with Republican Senator Dean Heller, which will also be co-sponsored by local business groups and Americans For Prosperity, the conservative group funded by the Republican Koch brothers which also opposes the border tax. Town hall meetings have gained more attention recently as events featuring Republican lawmakers have been targeted by activists to voice their opposition to several proposals, including repealing the Affordable Care Act which widened health insurance coverage for about 20 million Americans. Additionally, the anti-tax group will hold a discussion in Ohio with Republican Representative David Joyce, where he will hear from local furniture store owners who would be affected by a border tax, Mr Baca said. Back to top Fiji Times & Kaila Frontpage PDF Downloads Use the free Acrobat Reader to view. Code Inward TTs Outward TTs CAD 0.6446 0.6256 JPY 53.6629 50.6629 GBP 0.3857 0.3777 EUR 0.4555 0.4435 NZD 0.7017 0.6687 AUD 0.6483 0.6233 USD 0.4857 0.4687 from FJD to VUVFJD to TOPFJD to SBDFJD to WSTFJD to PGKFJD to XPFFJD to CHFFJD to SEKFJD to LKRFJD to ZARFJD to PHPFJD to PKRFJD to NOKFJD to INRFJD to DKKFJD to CADFJD to HKDFJD to SGDFJD to JPYFJD to GBPFJD to EURFJD to CNYFJD to NZDFJD to AUDFJD to USD VUV to FJDTOP to FJDSBD to FJDWST to FJDPGK to FJDXPF to FJDCHF to FJDSEK to FJDLKR to FJDZAR to FJDPHP to FJDPKR to FJDNOK to FJDINR to FJDDKK to FJDCAD to FJDHKD to FJDSGD to FJDJPY to FJDGBP to FJDEUR to FJDCNY to FJDNZD to FJDAUD to FJDUSD to FJD $0.00 Exchange Rate updated on 12th, April, 2017 Today's Most Read Stories Soldier answers call of duty 6 sent home Man, 27, jailed for attempted rape of aunt Karan clarifies Waqabaca issue $4.5m owed to fund Champagne rugby Take up 'science' Police probe arson claims Fiji listens to world leaders Flotsam And Jetsam Top Stories this Week Bittersweet journey Thursday (06 Apr) Spotlight on allowances Monday (10 Apr) Disturbance could turn cyclone Saturday (08 Apr) HK7s: Total domination Monday (10 Apr) Man's body found in creek Monday (10 Apr) Grandmother dies after being hit by bus Tuesday (11 Apr) Nair feels sense of liberation, resigns from post Saturday (08 Apr) Kurusiga clears air Thursday (06 Apr) Bash claim Thursday (06 Apr) Resort opens doors Sunday (09 Apr) Contact Fiji Times Advertise with Us Google+ Copyright © 2014, Fiji Times Limited. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Terms of Use Site Feedback
Skip to main content Search form Search Advanced Search Best New Chefs RECIPES Meat & Poultry Comfort Food Soups Breakfast & Brunch Appetizers Salads Side Dishes Desserts Fruits Vegetables Seafood Pasta & Noodles Special Diets DRINKS Wine Cocktails Champagne Coffee Beer Tea TRAVEL Restaurants Wine Regions Around the World Local Flavor HOLIDAYS Spring Recipes Easter Passover Cinco De Mayo Kentucky Derby Mother's Day Memorial Day Father’s Day 4th of July Labor Day NEWS CHEFS Cooking Videos Mad Genius Tips EVENTS F&W Classic in Aspen KITCHEN & HOME Cooking Techniques How To Gift Guides SUBSCRIBE Magazine Give a Gift Newsletters Wine Club Latest The Healthiest Way to Brew Your Tea? Microwave It One of Neil Gorsuch's First Major Decisions Could Be About Lunch More and More States are Moving to Tax Soda How You Can Get Free Slurpees All Week Starbucks' Pink Drink Finally Joins the Permanent Menu Wendy’s Nugget Tweet Could Reach Most Retweeted Status Did Gordon Ramsay Really Insult Indian Food? New Mexico Becomes the First State to Ban Lunch Shaming Geoffrey Zakarian Joins José Andrés in Settling Trump Lawsuit After All That Crowdfunding BrewDog ‘Punks’ Get Chance to Sell Nice Profit Home News Previous This $3,000 Pasta Dress Is Becoming a Celebrity Fave New Investors Want to Overhaul Failing Whole Foods Stores Latest The Healthiest Way to Brew Your Tea? Microwave It One of Neil Gorsuch's First Major Decisions Could Be About Lunch More and More States are Moving to Tax Soda How You Can Get Free Slurpees All Week Starbucks' Pink Drink Finally Joins the Permanent Menu Wendy’s Nugget Tweet Could Reach Most Retweeted Status Did Gordon Ramsay Really Insult Indian Food? New Mexico Becomes the First State to Ban Lunch Shaming Geoffrey Zakarian Joins José Andrés in Settling Trump Lawsuit After All That Crowdfunding BrewDog ‘Punks’ Get Chance to Sell Nice Profit ©  RJ Sangosti / Getty Images By Elisabeth Sherman Posted April 11, 2017 The popular chain has hit hard times. Jana Partners, Whole Foods’ second largest shareholder, has some harsh criticism for the trendy organic grocer. Related Whole Foods Taps Momofuku Alum to Revamp Their Menu Whole Foods Will Let People Juice Their Own Juice In Stores Wegmans Dethrones Trader Joe’s as Best Grocery Store in America According to the New York Times, the hedge fund, which has an almost nine percent stake in Whole Foods, attacked the grocer from every angle, on “everything from how it has handled its brand development to what it says are deficiencies in customer service.” They weren’t even trying to polite in their assessment of the store, at one point calling out it’s “chronic underperformance.” It may come as a surprise given the affluent crowd attracted to it’s aisles, but Whole Foods' sales have been suffering for a while now. It now facing a growing number of competitors—like Walmart and Costco—who want to cash in on the natural food craze, and offer the same selection of organic food at lower prices. Though Whole Foods has slashed prices and offered rewards programs for regular shoppers, their share price continues to drop. Grub Street reports that Whole Foods’ stock “has lost almost half its value since 2013.” “It went from being a darling of Wall Street and so culturally important that it was parodied on ‘The Simpsons,’” Joe Dobrow, the author of “Natural Prophets,” a book about the history of health foods, told the Times. Jana Partners wants to bring in new board members, or perhaps take an even more extreme strategy: analysts at Credit Suisse wrote a report to investors, suggesting that one way to solve the retailer’s problems would be to sell itself. In the past, Amazon and Kroger have been suggested as potential buyers. In fact, Jana is hoping to overhaul the company from top to bottom: They claim that they will, “improve its technology and operations to better compete with larger rivals, shake up its board, and explore how much potential bidders might be willing to pay.” In a statement of their own, a rep for Whole Foods said that they’re “open to the views and opinions of all of our shareholders.” Translation: “We’re open to views and opinions that can help us make money." Previous This $3,000 Pasta Dress Is Becoming a Celebrity Fave Sponsored Stories powered by ZergNet Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement   Holidays & Occasions Chinese New Year Super Bowl Recipes Valentine's Day Recipes Oscar Party Food Mardi Gras Recipes Rosh Hashanah Recipes Halloween Recipes Thanksgiving Ideas Thanksgiving Recipes Christmas Recipes Christmas Dinner Popular Dishes Sandwiches Snacks Bread Recipes Grain Recipes Bean Recipes Chicken Recipes Quinoa Recipes Chicken Breast Recipes French Recipes Italian Recipes Mexican Recipes Subscribe Subscribe to Food & Wine Give a Gift Subscription Food & Wine Books Get Food & Wine iPad Edition Get F&W Mobile Apps Clubs & Events Food & Wine Connoisseur Club Events F&W Classic in Aspen Best New Chefs Contact Customer Service Contact Us Advertising Careers Time Inc. Affluent Media Group Travel + Leisure Departures Centurion Site Map All products and services featured are selected by our editors. Food & Wine may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. © 2017 Time Inc. Affluent Media Group. All rights reserved. View Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. Your California Privacy Rights. Ad Choices. Users of this site agree to be bound by the Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. foodandwine.com is part of the Time Inc. Food Collection and the MyRecipes Network.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports My Success Story CNBC Upstart 25 CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities SXSW Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Cramer: Here's the only thing Jana can do to really boost Whole Foods' stock Elizabeth Gurdus | @elizabethgurdus 8 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters The only thing Jana can do to boost Whole Foods' stock    11 Hours Ago | 01:57 In light of Monday's news that activist investor Jana Partners took up an almost 9 percent stake in Whole Foods, Jim Cramer seems to be the only one asking, "What happens now?" "Do you double down, betting something happens [that is] good, or do you ring the register, maybe take some profits here and now?" the "Mad Money" host asked. To many investors, the latter may sound tempting, despite Whole Foods stock's 10 percent jump on the Jana news. Competitors like Wal-Mart and Kroger have encroached on he high-end grocery chain's turf by bringing cheaper organic and natural options to their shelves. And although Whole Foods has tried to differentiate with its cost-saving 365 brand, array of prepared food options, and community service initiatives, Cramer argues that the brand cannot escape its too-expensive perception. Watch the full segment here: show chapters Cramer: Here's the only thing Jana can do to really boost Whole Foods' stock    7 Hours Ago | 09:29 "The legend of Whole Paycheck, with is image that only the rich can afford to go there, can't seem to be shaken," he said. "Cheaper is a word that's almost never associated with Whole Foods." But Cramer also wonders if Jana, now Whole Foods' second-largest shareholder, can really make a difference in the company's prospects. Not only does Cramer have little faith in Jana's directorial nominees, it has become clear to him that Jana is not just out to buy back shares of Whole Foods, a strategy that has not paid off much since company leaders announced it in 2015. Jana's other initiatives could be to push executives to cut its overhead, boost sales, connect more with customers, or spend on better technology to improve point of sale and customer relations management. Cramer, however, is concerned that Whole Foods' "wildly independent" CEO John Mackey will be reluctant to hand control over to a newcomer. "If anything, he'll ignore Jana and just keep doing it his way," the "Mad Money" host said. Cramer said the best hope for a turnaround — and Jana's possible next move — is "a foreign buyer who wants to take on German Trader Joe's." While Jana could get bailed out if food inflation returns, if the activist fund does not have some interested overseas buyers up its sleeve, Cramer sees no way up for Whole Foods' stock. "Only a sale can make this thing go higher," he said. "So unless Jana has a buyer lined up, I bet you're going to wish you sold Whole Foods if it somehow gets back to that vaunted $34, $35 level." Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Elizabeth GurdusDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WFM --- WMT --- KR --- Cramer's New Book To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Education Topics Topics Home News Sports Business Education Entertainment Life Opinion Weather More Obituaries Classifieds Calendar Real Estate Jobs Shopping NIE Public Notices Contact Us Advertise DRC Digital Media Special Sections View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest Denton news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DentonRC.com! Search the Denton Record-Chronicle Submit Search Education Denton ISD University of North Texas Texas Woman's University Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram All Topics Home News Argyle Aubrey Bartonville Blotter Calendar Cooke County Copper Canyon Corinth Cross Roads Denton Denton County Denton Enterprise Airport Denton Municipal Electric Dish Double Oak Flower Mound Grapevine Lake Hickory Creek Insight Denton Krugerville Krum Lake Dallas Lantana Lewisville Lewisville Lake Nation And World News Gathering Oak Point Photos Pilot Point Politics Ponder Providence Village Ray Roberts Lake Sanger Shady Shores State Texas Legislature The Watchdog Weather Wise County Yesteryear Sports AP Argyle Eagles Aubrey Chaparrals Braswell Bengals Calvary Academy Lions Colleges Dallas Cowboys Dallas Mavericks Dallas Stars Denton Broncos Guyer Wildcats High Schools Krum Bobcats Lake Dallas Falcons Liberty Christian Warriors Mean Green Motor sports Other Sports Outdoors Pilot Point Bearcats Ponder Lions Ryan Raiders Sanger Indians Sports AP Headlines TWU Pioneers Texas Rangers The Masters Your Team Entertainment Denton Dammit Denton Time Movies Music Theater Education Argyle High School Aubrey High School Aubrey ISD Braswell High School Denton Calvary Academy Denton High School Denton ISD Guyer High School Higher Education Immaculate Conception Catholic School Krum High School Krum ISD Lake Dallas High School Lake Dallas ISD Liberty Christian High School North Central Texas College Pilot Point High School Pilot Point ISD Ponder High School Ponder ISD Ryan High School Sanger High School Sanger ISD Selwyn College Preparatory School Texas Woman's University University of North Texas Business Business Chronicle Life AgriLife Extension Anniversaries Engagements Garden Health Native Roots Pools Religion The Place is Argyle Weddings Opinion Columns Editorial Letters Close Close DRC file photo Briefly: University of North Texas Filed under University of North Texas at 8 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Jenna Duncan, Staff Writer Connect with Jenna Duncan On Twitter Email Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like The Denton Record-Chronicle's Facebook Page UNT gets Walmart Foundation grant  Bugao Xu, a professor at UNT, is leading a team of researchers to help bring manufacturing jobs back to the U.S. with a $350,000 grant from the Walmart Foundation. The grant, from the Manufacturing Innovation Fund, will fund Xu's work looking at ways to use digital technology to detect flaws in fabric at textile mills in the United States.  Most flaws in fabric are discovered too late and can reduce the fabric price. If Xu can develop the right tool, it would help save manufacturing companies big money, he said.  UNT is one of five research and academic institutions to receive the grant for manufacturing innovation. Art gala to benefit UNT students in recovery from drug use  The Collegiate Recovery Program at UNT is hosting the Spring Benefit Art Gala from 7 to 9 p.m. Friday.  On the rooftop terrace of the University Union, guests will be able to buy art from university students and professional artists as part of a silent auction. A portion of the proceeds will support the program, which hosts wellness meetings and helps students who are in addiction recovery to connect with each other. Admission is free, and the event is open to the public. Comments Tags University of North Texas Higher Education Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with The Denton Record-Chronicle on Facebook. Denton Record-Chronicle @dentonrc Like Denton Record-Chronicle's Facebook Page Taking you back to Education More about the Denton Record-Chronicle Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Denton News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram ©2017, Denton Publishing Co. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
video BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 This tiny building in Wilmington, Delaware is home to 300,000 businesses Darren Weaver Apr. 11, 2017, 5:30 PM 2,722 facebook linkedin twitter email embed You wouldn't expect there to be anything special about this tiny brick building at 1209 North Orange Street in Wilmington, Delaware if you drove past it. However, the building is actually home — at least on paper — to some of the largest companies in the world. Apple, eBay, Walmart, Verizon, American Airlines, and more than 300,000 other business entities register their companies here at the CT Corporation. While some of these 300,000 businesses may not actually conduct business in Delaware, it's an attractive state for businesses to keep their registrations. The state is so attractive as a business destination that over half of the companies on the Fortune 500 are registered in the state. In fact, Delaware hosts over 1 million business entity registrations, which is more than the tiny state's population of 950,000. Follow Tech Insider: On Facebook   Most Popular A Navy SEAL explains what to do if you're attacked by a dog The disturbing reason some people turn red when they drink alcohol Your neighbor's WiFi is ruining yours — here's how to fix it This animation shows how terrifyingly powerful nuclear weapons have become A Navy SEAL explains why you should end a shower with cold water Most Recent Audi USA's innovative tail lights are mesmerizing 8 great ways to earn passive income Spicer struggles to clarify remarks after falsely claiming that Hitler didn’t use chemical weapons People on Twitter are roasting United Airlines after a passenger was forcibly dragged off a plane Here's what airlines legally owe you if you're bumped off a flight Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
👤 Register / Login Contact Advertise Newsletters Magazines Conferences Company Search: 2,844 Franchises | 3,346 Articles | 60,543 News Stories Franchise Opportunities Multi-Unit Franchisees Franchisors About Us Features » Topics » Features » Guides » Events » Videos Browse Topics: Lead Market Grow Area Representation Consumer Marketing Earning Claims Finance Franchise Law Franchise Recruitment Franchise Resales Franchising International Development Multi-Unit Franchising Regulations Sales Compensation Sales Management Technology The Economy Trends Browse Topics Popular Features: Franchising in Singapore When You Sell a Franchise, Your Job Has Just Begun! CMO Roundtable: Balancing National Brand Campaigns With Local Store Marketing Are You Ready for 2020?: Every Industry Must Prepare for Disruption Shoney's Resurgent?: 70-Year-Old Brand Resets for the Future Browse Features Featured Guides: Franchise Technology Buyer's Guide Grow to Greatness Upcoming Events: Franchise Leadership & Development Conference Oct. 11-13th, 2017 | InterContinental, Atlanta Multi-Unit Franchising Conference Apr. 23-26th, 2017 | Caesars Palace, Las Vegas Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference Jun. 20-21st, 2017 | InterContinental, Atlanta View Event Calendar Masters of Franchise Development: The Masters of Franchise Development video series showcases industry professionals that have achieved success, and agreed to share their recruiting techniques and wisdom for accelerating their development growth. Browse Videos Resources Business Services: Accounting Advertising Associations Big Data Conferences Customer Relations Facilities Financing Human Resources Legal Local Marketing Payment Processing Real Estate Security Technology Telecommunications Browse Resource Directory News » All » Mergers » Personnel » Rankings Popular News: Launch Trampoline Park Ranked a Top New Franchise by Entrepreneur Magazine Real Estate Broker Purchases First Motto Mortgage Franchise In Pennsylvania FranConnect Bolsters Customer Operations, Product Management, and Finance with Addition of Executive Team Members Zips Dry Cleaners Launches New Brand Campaign Touting “The Real Deal” Marco’s Pizza Adds Marketing Innovator Steve Seyferth as CMO Hungry Howie’s Pizza Opens Latest Location In Burlington FranNet Selects DCV Franchise Group as a Preferred Vendor to Serve the Needs of Growing Franchise Entrepreneurs Knocking It Out of the Park: MOOYAH Burgers, Fries & Shakes Launches The Diablo Dog Sir Grout ‘Seals’ Its Place in Nashville Cookie Cutters Haircuts for Kids to Open First Salon in Raleigh Submit NewsBrowse News Recent Mergers & Acquisitions: 7-Eleven® Signs Agreement with Sunoco Panera Bread and JAB Announce Definitive Merger Agreement Woodcraft Acquires Midwest Woodworkers Restaurant Brands International Inc. Announces Successful Completion of its Tender Offer Mosquito Shield and Green Home Solutions Agree to Deal for Mosquito Terminators Browse Mergers Recent Personnel News: Überrito Names Peter Ortiz Chief Development Officer milliCare Floor & Textile Care Names Bill Helton As Director Of Franchise Development Valpak of Austin, Texas Acquired By Former Corporate Executive Jack in the Box Inc. Announces Upcoming CFO Retirement Ruby Tuesday Announces the Appointment of James F. Hyatt as President and Chief Executive Officer Browse Personnel News Recent Rankings News: Jan-Pro Celebrates Unprecedented Growth at 2017 International Conference ServiceMaster Headquarters Relocation Recognized for Its Community Impact FirstLight Home Care Achieves FIVE STAR Designation by IFA VetFran Oxi Fresh Carpet Cleaning Named a 2017 Top Franchise by Franchise Business Review FASTSIGNS® Recognized for Franchise Excellence at CFA National Convention Browse Rankings News Magazine Available Now Franchise UPDATE Issue I 2017 Franchise UPDATE Magazine: Franchise UPDATE Magazine is the only industry publication 100% dedicated to franchisors, Franchise UPDATE was voted the most read franchise publication in a survey conducted among franchise executives. Franchise UPDATE magazine is a targeted, quarterly magazine that takes CEO's, VPs and Sales Executives to the cutting edge of franchise development. ArchiveSubscribe Available Now Multi-Unit Franchisee Issue I 2017 Multi-Unit Franchisee Magazine: Multi-Unit Franchisee magazine is the only publication dedicated exclusively to the hottest topic in franchising - Multi-Unit and Multi-Brand Franchisees. Multi-Unit Franchisee magazine delivers vital information and business solutions to help multi-unit franchisees make informed decisions to strengthen franchise systems, grow their brands, and achieve their business objectives. ArchiveSubscribe Conference Franchise Leadership & Development Conference Over 350 franchise executives attend this conference each year. This powerful 3 day event combines exciting presentations with intimate, peer-to-peer problem-solving workshops and roundtables. Register NowLearn More Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference An exclusive event for franchisor CEOs, Presidents, Chief Marketing Officers and Marketing Managers. Register NowLearn More Multi-Unit Franchising Conference The Multi-Unit Franchising Conference is a unique event because it is highly influenced by its advisory board, consisting of the very best multi-unit franchisees. The board works diligently to ensure that the conference delivers on its promise of being the best platform for franchisees to learn how to grow their businesses. Register NowLearn More Subscribe » Magazine » Newsletter » Social Media Franchise UPDATE Magazine: The only industry publication 100% dedicated to franchisors, Franchise UPDATE was voted the most read franchise publication in a survey conducted among franchise executives. Franchise UPDATE magazine is a targeted, quarterly magazine that takes CEO's, VPs and Sales Executives to the cutting edge of franchise development. Subscribe Franchise Update Sales Report A bi-monthly e-mail newsletter, keeping you up to date on sales & marketing strategies and solutions. The newsletter offers the latest from Franchise UPDATE magazine, as well as online exclusive articles, event highlights, and resources. Subscribe Social Media Channels: YouTube LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Register / Login Franchisors Features Topics Features Annual Franchise Development Report Franchise Technology Buyers' Guide Star Awards Masters of Franchise Development Franchise Resources Accounting Advertising Associations Big Data Conferences Customer Relations Facilities Financing Human Resources Legal Local Marketing Payment Processing Real Estate Security Technology Telecommunications News All Alliances Events Expansions Financial Media Coverage Mergers Personnel Products Rankings Conferences Franchise Leadership & Development Conference Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference Magazines Franchise Update Magazine Newsletters Franchise Update Sales Report Franchise Consumer Marketing Report Franchising.com EXPRESS Franchise Opportunities Multi-Unit Franchisees About Us Franchise Update Media About Us Conferences Franchise Leadership & Development Conference Multi-Unit Franchising Conference Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference Magazines Multi-Unit Franchisee Franchise Update Newsletters Franchising.com EXPRESS Multi-Unit Franchisee Report Franchise Update Sales Report Franchise Consumer Marketing Report Advertise Contact Us Home: Franchising Articles: Social Media Roundup: March 28, 2017 By: Eddy Goldberg | 0 Shares   302 Reads YouTube, Google Take Major Hit as Global Advertisers Pull Their Ads The big news last week in the world of online advertising is that major consumer brands worldwide, most notably in the U.K. and U.S., suspended their spending on automated ads on YouTube because they were being placed on websites that promoted terrorism, racism, and other extremist agendas. Beyond the perceived harm to the brands whose ads appeared on these sites, the actual harm is that their ads generate revenue for these groups. Brands pulling their ads until Google/YouTube can provide a reasonable level of assurance this practice will cease include AT&T, Coca-Cola, Enterprise Holdings, Johnson & Johnson, Verizon, Walmart, and more. According to the U.K. publication The Times, more than 250 organizations including the British government, Toyota, and McDonald's have stopped advertising on YouTube in the U.K. Other brands reported to have stopped advertising include L'Oreal and Volkswagen. With 400 hours of video uploaded every minute to YouTube, the problem of policing is admittedly difficult, some say impossible. The implications for automated, programmatic advertising, said one analyst, is that "brand safety" has emerged as possibly the biggest issue facing the online ad industry today. Who wants their ad seen on an ISIS recruitment site? Although this problem has existed for years, in December the man who turned it into a public phenomenon, Eric Feinberg, just happens to have patented a "computerized system and method for detecting fraudulent of malicious enterprises," according to AdAge. 5 Myths About Sales and Marketing that Block Stronger Alignment We've been writing for years about the importance of aligning sales and marketing, of breaking down the traditional silos, of the benefits to be gained by these two functions working together. In a recent iteration of this theme, Stacey Thornberry, senior manager, field marketing at Marketo, puts her twist on this idea by debunking 5 myths that, she says, "you should stop believing right now": #1: Sales and marketing work independently. #2: Face-to-face encounters are dead; all selling happens online. #3: Sales and marketing have different goals. #4: It's hard to coordinate due to lack of transparency. #5: Sales and marketing are like cats and dogs; they'll just never get along. She also suggests 5 ways to help bridge whatever gaps and misconceptions stand in the way of sales and marketing working together better. For a further explanation of the 5 myths, see the full article. 15 Stats About Loyal Customers "Building loyalty today means a lot more than handing out points. Meeting customer expectations at every step in the journey is the new mandate for loyalty marketing," writes Giselle Abramovich, senior and strategic editor at CMO.com. Here's a quick sampling highlights from her article on an Accenture report on loyalty. Read the complete list here. Participation in loyalty programs is growing - 77% of consumers participate in the retail loyalty program, 46% have joined a hotel program, and 40% are part of an airline program. That compares with 72%, 36%, and 31%, respectively, from the previous year. Customer spend grows alongside trust: eventually, loyal customers spend 67% more than new ones. A typical U.S. household belongs to 19 to 29 different loyalty programs, but actively uses only 5 to 12 of them. Usage of loyalty programs has declined steadily since 2010 at about 2% to 3% per year. More than 50% of accumulated points, estimated to be worth $50 billion, are never redeemed - creating financial liabilities on balance sheets. 67 Texas Applebee's Are Accepting ALL Coupons in March Promotion March Madness brings out all sorts of celebrations and promotions. This March, Apple Texas, with 67 Applebee's restaurants in Texas, will accept gift cards, gift certificates, and coupons from all businesses, including direct competitors - whether they're expired or not. The offer, good for the entire month, is for up to 50% off of food purchases with any paper, plastic, or printed coupon or gift card. Apple Texas is a subsidiary of SSCP Management, owned by Sunil Dharod, who purchased 53 Sonic Drive-Ins in February under a different company called Let's Shake. Share this Feature Reader Reactions: Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus ADVERTISESPONSORED CONTENT Franchisor Topics » Lead Market Grow Area Representation Consumer Marketing Earning Claims Finance Franchise Law Franchise Recruitment Franchise Resales Franchising International Development Multi-Unit Franchising Regulations Sales Compensation Sales Management Technology The Economy Trends Premium Services AXIS Integrated With over 25 years of experience in the franchise industry, AXIS... IMN IMN creates engaging and relevant lifestyle, entertainment, and industry... LMap Silvercrest Advertising's innovative Localized Media Automation Platform... FranchiseGrade.com FranchiseGrade.com is the leader in competitive market research and... Best Franchisee of the World Best Franchisee of the World will focus on the Franchisees, entrepreneurs... Multi-Unit Franchising Conference Make deals with the most powerful players in Multi-Unit Franchising. Our... Qiigo Inc. Qiigo unifies digital marketing for national brands and their locations,... Scorpion Scorpion offers ROI-positive online marketing solutions that can get your... Franchise Update Magazine A targeted, quarterly magazine that takes CEO's, VPs and Sales Executives to the cutting edge of franchise development. Subscribe Current Issue Archive Subscribe to Franchise Update Sales Report Share This Page CHANNELS Franchise Opportunities Multi-Unit Franchisees Franchisors GETTING STARTED What is Franchising? Franchising Articles Franchise Blogs Franchise Events Franchise Guides Franchise News Success Stories Franchise Videos Net Worth Calculator OPPORTUNITIES Search Top Franchises Hot Franchises Featured Franchises Newly Added Franchises Trending Franchises International Franchises Franchises A-Z By Industry By Type By Location By Investment By Maturity RESOURCES Accounting Advertising Associations Big Data Conferences Customer Relations Facilities Financing Human Resources Legal Local Marketing Payment Processing Real Estate Security Technology Telecommunications PRODUCTS & SERVICES Annual Franchise Development Report Multi-Unit Buyer's Guide Technology Buyer's Guide CONFERENCES Franchise Leadership & Development Conference Multi-Unit Franchising Conference European Multi-Unit Franchising Conference Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference MAGAZINES Multi-Unit Franchisee Magazine Franchise Update Magazine ABOUT Advertising News Blogs Contact Us Legal Notices Privacy Policy Advertiser Login SOCIAL Facebook LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram The franchise listed above are not related to or endorsed by Franchise Update or Franchise Update Media Group. We are not engaged in, supporting, or endorsing any specific franchise, business opportunity, company or individual. No statement in this site is to be construed as a recommendation. We encourage prospective franchise buyers to perform extensive due diligence when considering a franchise opportunity. Franchise Update Media | P.O. Box 20547 // San Jose, CA 95160 // PH. (408) 402-5681 Copyright © 2001 - 2017. All Rights Reserved. Site Hosting Provided By: wishVPS on FUMG3 In Loving Memory Of Timothy Gardner (1987-2014)
Tuesday, April 11, 2017 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS Mahoning Walmart theft suspects sought Tuesday, April 11, 2017 COURTESY MAHONING POLICE ‹ Prev 1 of 5 Next › Police are looking for suspects in a theft that occurred at the Walmart in Mahoning Township on March 30. The alleged theft occurred 10:51 p.m. Police said the suspects got away with items including a drone, cookware, and a HP computer. The total value of the items stolen was $1,200, according to police. Police are attempting to identify two suspects who entered the store, as well as a third person who drove them from the store. The driver was reportedly driving a dark-colored Ford F-Series with a stripe on the passenger side door. Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2017
    Sign In Subscribe Experts Find an Advisor Ask MoneySense Portfolio Builder Where to Buy Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe Experts Bruce Sellery Jonathan Chevreau Dan Bortolotti David Aston Romana King Robert R. Brown Norm Rothery Jason Heath Barry Choi Find an Advisor Ask MoneySense Portfolio Builder Where to Buy Save Banking Budgeting Debt Credit Card Selector Annual Credit Card Rankings Financial Planning MoneySense Approved Financial Advisors Investing TFSAs RRSPs RESPs Stocks ETFs Mutual Funds Index Funds GICs Bonds Retirement Annuities Pensions Taxes Spend Credit Cards Insurance Real Estate Where to Buy Now Best Places to Live Buying Selling Renting Mortgages Renovations Vacation Homes Income Properties Shopping Auto Tech Travel Home & Décor Style Earn Careers Benefits Self Employment Learn RRSP Guide Glossary of Investing Terms Guide for New Canadians Guide to Insurance Couch Potato Portfolio Guide Books Invest Homes Tools & Rankings MoneySense Approved Financial Advisors Credit Card Finder RESP Calculator Mortgage Calculator Canada’s Best Credit Cards Canada’s Best Places to Live Where to Buy Now Top 200 Canadian Stocks Top 500 American Stocks Top 100 Dividend Stocks ETF All-Stars Best Mutual Funds Best Discount Brokerages Charity 100 Newsletters Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn RSS Bruce Sellery Jonathan Chevreau Dan Bortolotti David Aston Romana King Robert R. Brown Norm Rothery Jason Heath Barry Choi Home Real Estate Buying Halton region neighbourhoods: Full ranking Halton region neighbourhoods: Full ranking See where your neighbourhood ranks   0 by Mark Brown and Romana King April 11th, 2017 Online only.   0 Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Share LinkedIn Email Overview Vancouver Victoria Calgary Edmonton Winnipeg Toronto (GTA) Ottawa Hamilton Montreal Top Cities Real estate deals across the GTA Toronto’s top neighbourhoods Durham’s top neighbourhoods Peel’s top neighbourhoods York region’s top neighbourhoods Halton’s top neighbourhoods Search to filter by neighbourhood or area Rank Neighbourhood Area Average price Average price vs. area Average price vs. metro district Average price vs. greater city area Value 1-year price change 3-year price change 5-year price change Momentum Realtor grade 1 College Park Oakville $754,500 73.7% 86.3% 90.0%     23.5% 46.8% 69.8%     ★★★★ 2 Iroquois Ridge South Oakville $885,000 86.4% 101.3% 105.6%     24.1% 49.6% 71.3%     ★★★★ 3 Freeman Burlington $497,100 64.8% 56.9% 59.3%     21.9% 43.9% 61.3%     ★★★★ 4 Uptown Burlington $558,200 72.8% 63.9% 66.6%     18.8% 41.8% 61.4%     ★★★★½ 5 West Oak Trails Oakville $922,500 90.1% 105.6% 110.0%     26.0% 49.3% 68.0%     ★★★★ 6 Uptown Core Oakville $765,800 74.8% 87.6% 91.3%     24.6% 44.8% 62.6%     ★★★★ 7 Bronte West Oakville $901,000 88.0% 103.1% 107.5%     23.2% 46.2% 65.7%     ★★★★½ 8 Appleby Burlington $676,600 88.2% 77.4% 80.7%     20.2% 45.5% 64.4%     ★★★★ 9 Bronte East Oakville $979,700 95.6% 112.1% 116.9%     23.1% 49.3% 72.6%     ★★★★½ 10 Tansley Burlington $619,500 80.8% 70.9% 73.9%     18.2% 41.1% 60.0%     ★★★★ 11 Shoreacres Burlington $757,300 98.8% 86.7% 90.3%     21.2% 48.1% 67.8%     ★★★★½ 12 Palmer Burlington $655,300 85.5% 75.0% 78.2%     20.8% 43.6% 59.8%     ★★★★ 13 LaSalle Burlington $720,500 94.0% 82.5% 85.9%     22.6% 47.7% 64.4%     ★★★★ 14 Clearview Oakville $1,004,200 98.0% 114.9% 119.8%     25.2% 50.2% 72.6%     ★★★★ 15 Mountainside Burlington $588,800 76.8% 67.4% 70.2%     19.9% 38.2% 54.2%     ★★★★ 16 Glen Abbey Oakville $1,066,500 104.1% 122.1% 127.2%     24.9% 49.4% 71.3%     ★★★★½ 17 Bronte Meadows Milton $630,400 89.5% 72.1% 75.2%     20.3% 40.6% 54.9%     ★★★★ 18 Brant Hills Burlington $666,800 87.0% 76.3% 79.5%     21.1% 42.2% 58.7%     ★★★★ 19 Timberlea Milton $676,400 96.1% 77.4% 80.7%     22.1% 42.6% 58.7%     ★★★★ 20 River Oaks Oakville $1,040,200 101.5% 119.0% 124.1%     26.3% 50.3% 69.7%     ★★★★ 21 Dorset Park Milton $668,000 94.9% 76.4% 79.7%     21.0% 41.5% 55.3%     ★★★★½ 22 Clarke Milton $690,500 98.1% 79.0% 82.4%     21.1% 42.4% 57.5%     ★★★★ 23 Dempsey Milton $684,100 97.2% 78.3% 81.6%     20.6% 41.5% 56.3%     ★★★★½ 24 Palermo West Oakville $894,400 87.3% 102.4% 106.7%     18.2% 40.0% 58.5%     ★★★★ 25 Beaty Milton $705,400 100.2% 80.7% 84.1%     21.6% 42.9% 57.6%     ★★★★ 26 Headon Burlington $772,800 100.8% 88.4% 92.2%     20.2% 42.3% 58.7%     ★★★★ 27 Harrison Milton $717,500 101.9% 82.1% 85.6%     21.0% 42.1% 57.0%     ★★★★ 28 Brant Burlington $847,700 110.6% 97.0% 101.1%     21.0% 47.2% 68.4%     ★★★★ 29 Orchard Burlington $756,200 98.6% 86.5% 90.2%     18.4% 40.0% 58.0%     ★★★★ 30 Coates Milton $729,900 103.7% 83.5% 87.1%     21.0% 42.0% 56.8%     ★★★★ 31 Old Milton Milton $695,400 98.8% 79.6% 82.9%     21.4% 41.3% 57.1%     ★★★★ 32 Willmont Milton $730,600 103.8% 83.6% 87.1%     21.0% 41.6% 55.9%     ★★★★ 33 Georgetown Halton Hills $755,300 100.1% 86.4% 90.1%     22.2% 42.7% 56.4%     ★★★★ 34 Iroquois Ridge North Oakville $1,214,600 118.6% 139.0% 144.9%     25.5% 48.0% 67.7%     ★★★★ 35 Alton Burlington $781,700 101.9% 89.5% 93.2%     18.2% 23.5% 38.8%     ★★★★ 36 Scott Milton $841,400 119.5% 96.3% 100.4%     21.5% 42.1% 56.6%     ★★★★ 37 Roseland Burlington $897,000 117.0% 102.7% 107.0%     18.8% 38.1% 56.4%     ★★★★ 38 Glen Williams Halton Hills $726,600 96.3% 83.2% 86.7%     18.8% 39.5% 51.4%     ★★★ 39 Eastlake Oakville $1,745,100 170.4% 199.7% 208.1%     21.4% 45.2% 59.0%     ★★★★ 40 Tyandaga Burlington $951,100 124.0% 108.8% 113.4%     19.4% 38.0% 56.7%     ★★★★ 41 Rose Burlington $952,300 124.2% 109.0% 113.6%     18.8% 40.4% 57.5%     ★★★★ 42 Old Oakville Oakville $1,314,400 128.3% 150.4% 156.8%     18.7% 35.4% 49.9%     ★★★★   Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Share LinkedIn Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Leave a comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Your comment Name * Email * Top Follow us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn RSS Resources Contact Us Advertising Site Map © 2001-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Inside Blue Apron’s Meal Kit Machine The company has built an impressive high-tech operation but is spending heavily to lure customers who are always a bad experience away from bailing. by Jing Cao @jinglebellscao More stories by Jing Cao April 10, 2017, 6:00 AM EDT Each month, Blue Apron delivers about 8 million meal kits to Americans who like to cook but would rather not waste time shopping or searching for recipes. Blue Apron boxes include cooking instructions for meals and suggested wine parings—shiitake mushroom burgers with a Santa Barbara Highlands Vineyard Grenache, for example. The raw ingredients, which include such exotica as romanesco cauliflower and fairy tale eggplants, are sourced from family farms and artisans. Then they're sorted, chopped and packaged in giant fulfillment centers and delivered to homes around the country.  Blue Apron founders, from left to right, Ilia Papas, Matt Salzberg, and Matt Wadiak. Source: Blue Apron It's an enormously complicated operation, and Blue Apron has built sophisticated software to manage the supply chain and wring out costs typically borne by the food industry. The company has been signing up subscribers at an impressive clip and last year generated between $750 million and $1 billion in revenue, according to a person familiar with its finances. That far exceeds the $300- to $400-million goal for 2016 that was pitched to investors a few years back, says this person, who requested anonymity to discuss a private matter. Backed by Bessemer Venture Partners, Fidelity Investments and other venture firms, Blue Apron is the largest company of its kind, with more subscribers than rivals like HelloFresh and Plated. Meanwhile, dozens of other food-related startups have disappeared or are struggling. In the third quarter of last year, the New York startup edged into the black, according to the person. The milestone only accounted for recurring costs including marketing, but the person says it's a sign the company can make money in the future. Blue Apron is still investing heavily on new facilities and spent more than $100 million last year, the person says. High costs to acquire customers prompted the company to postpone an initial public offering in December, although executives are pushing ahead with an IPO this year. Blue Apron declined to comment on its finances, but in an interview last fall the company said it makes money on each box and its direct-to-consumer structure generates fatter margins than traditional grocers.   Attracting and keeping customers is Blue Apron's foremost challenge. It's not easy persuading people to pay $240 to $560 a month for a service that saves time shopping when there are still faster, cheaper ways to get fed. Plus, to keep existing customers happy, Blue Apron must continually improve its offerings with new recipes and more customization. The bigger Blue Apron gets, the harder it becomes to maintain quality, and the more things can go wrong. Subscribers are always one or two bad experiences—a late arrival, the wrong food, wilted parsley—from canceling. "If we're even a day late, that's a really terrible experience for the customer to not be able to cook dinner that night," says Chief Technology Officer Ilia Papas. "If you're buying a toothbrush, and it shows up a day late, you're not going to stop your relationship with that business. But with us, trust is a big part of it." Blue Apron's first fulfillment center in Brooklyn in 2012. Source: Blue Apron Blue Apron was decidedly low-tech when it got started in a warehouse district of Long Island City, Queens, in August of 2012. The three founders, Matt Salzberg, Matt Wadiak and Papas, crowded into a 150-square-foot cooler in a rented commercial kitchen and packed the first 30 boxes themselves from bins of fresh meat and vegetables. They made sure to double-check every box; getting it right was key if the new, unproven startup was to build trust with subscribers. Blue Apron quickly generated positive feedback, and orders started flowing in. At the time, customers received identical boxes with two portions per recipe.  For the first two years, Blue Apron kept track of progress with whiteboards; managers took photos of the boards at the end of a shift and emailed them around. If someone rubbed up against a board by accident, the information was lost and they'd have no clue how many ingredients had been packed and whether they were on schedule. Everything was done manually and with pen and paper. For a while, a leftover shipping label was one of the few indications that something had gone wrong.  Today Blue Apron is a high-tech operation with more than 4,500 employees in three fulfillment centers around the U.S. Located in a warehouse district in Jersey City, southwest of Manhattan, the biggest facility is mostly refrigerated to a chilly 37 or so degrees and about the size of a Wal-Mart supercenter. Work goes on around the clock in three shifts; up to 500 or so men and women work any given period, garbed in blue latex gloves, smocks and heavy coats. When they arrive for their eight-hour shifts they wade through a trough filled with powdered disinfectant, then take up positions around the facility, which is loud enough to make conversation difficult. A large screen flashes green and red to show which lines are on schedule and which have fallen behind. There is an air of controlled chaos. Boxes at the Jersey City fulfillment center. Source: Blue Apron Managers are like quarterbacks, directing the day's game plan based on the number and types of boxes needed and their deadlines, presenting to the workers often only half an hour before the work has to start, according to a former employee who worked at Blue Apron until late last year. While Blue Apron can pretty accurately predict demand even 18 weeks away and start planning everything up to a year in advance, it's still a complicated process because every week brings new recipes and ingredients. The fresh meat and produce arrive on pallets at the rear entrance, are checked for quality before being separated, bagged and tucked into boxes. By then, the ingredients have gone through at least two stations to be prettied up and packed and traveled through the fulfillment center in almost a u-shaped arc, exiting through the same door to be loaded onto trucks and sent out for delivery. Blue Apron long ago replaced the whiteboard with software that guides workers every step of the way. Workers use computers throughout the facility to find out where bulk and prepped ingredients are located. Apple iPads tell employees working on lines how much of a given ingredient goes into each portion and how many portions they must complete per minute to stay on schedule. Those running low on ingredients can in a few taps notify a runner to bring over a new pallet without having to interrupt the process. Not so long ago, switching a line to pack a different kind of box could take hours, leaving workers standing around. "There's no way we could have reached the scale that we're at without the custom software," CTO Papas says. "We've been going through everything that's a manual process and seeing if we can turn it into software."   A worker inspects a romanesco cauliflower at the Jersey City fulfillment center. Source: Blue Apron Blue Apron is justifiably proud of the technology it has built. But the operation is mostly human-powered. People make mistakes, get tired and fall behind. Packing produce into bags or prepped ingredients into boxes require speed and concentration to keep the line moving at the right pace and maintaining accuracy. Sometimes workers neglect to use portable scanners to check ingredients in and out, meaning the database doesn't accurately reflect how much food is left in inventory, says another former employee who also left the company last year.  A recipe in August for Neapolitan-style stewed vegetables required about a quarter pound of "summer beans," equally divided between green and purple ones. Employees had to complete four bags of beans per minute. One person manned each line, grabbing a few of each bean type from two piles and then stuffing them into bags held open on a moving conveyor system resembling a clothes line. A few stations over, another person in an identical set-up was simultaneously packing sprigs of parsley. Put in too much and the ingredients will run out faster than anticipated. Ditto when workers prettying up veggies trim off too much.  A worker chops persimmon and honeynut squash in the Jersey City fulfillment center. Source: Blue Apron The work is grueling; one woman was clocked prepping a record 33,333 ingredient portions in one shift (she was rewarded with a party). Workers spend much of their shifts standing in the cold doing the same task over and over, with at least two 30-minute breaks. The positions pay above minimum wage—about $11 to $13.50 an hour depending on the facility’s location. Former employees say there is more chaos to the operation than the perfectly packaged meal kit would suggest. Turnover is high, and workers often don't show up for a shifts or leave early, infractions that often went unpunished because replacements were hard to find; sometimes vegetables don't pass muster with the quality assurance team, who may reject an entire shipment, or shipments yielded fewer portions than expected, sending the procurement team scrambling to find replacements. The company eats the extra costs, which sometimes includes paying shipping premiums to deliver meals at the last minute. A Blue Apron spokeswoman says the company has processes to respond to human error and "takes attendance very seriously and handles these issues fairly." She says these kinds of problems are normal for any large manufacturing operation. Blue Apron's financial planning accounts for unexpected events in logistics, and the company prioritizes customer satisfaction when issues arise, the spokeswoman says. Blue Apron produce. Source: Blue Apron Blue Apron claims a 94 to 96 percent customer approval rate. But it's hard to predict what will bother subscribers. Those summer beans? Some customers couldn't understand why they were purple, having never seen legumes that color before. Others thought the beans had spoiled. Customer service reps explained the purple beans were intentional and the freshest option. But enough subscribers were confused that Blue Apron re-labeled the bags  “green and purple beans” for subsequent shipments. Leslie Burns,  a 52-year-old community volunteer from Boulder, Colorado, tried Blue Apron after a friend recommended the service as a way to try new recipes. She lasted three months. The meals often didn't resemble the photos, and she found the portions too small. What pushed her over the edge? All the boxes and bags required to keep the food fresh and unblemished. Hers is a sentiment shared by many current and former customers. “I just felt so horrible at the end of the week, taking my stuff down to the curb," Burns says. "It felt so decadent, a physical reminder of what I was doing. It just seemed not necessary.” Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Almost five years after Blue Apron started in that Queens kitchen, it still has to work hard persuading people that make-it-yourself meal kits are worth paying for. Hence all the marketing entreaties and one-month-free offers showing up in mailboxes around the country. And the commercials that air regularly on the Cooking Channel, Food Network and TBS with the tagline: "Food is better when you start from scratch."  Still, Blue Apron continues to grow. It’s about to open a fourth fulfillment center in New Jersey—more than double the size of the first facility—and has plans for another one in California next year. The company recently started a beta program giving customers more recipe choices and more control over frequency. Even with dozens of meal-kit companies vying for attention and new ones popping up all the time, it's the unquestioned leader. The company has shown investors it has a path to sustainable profit. And if Blue Apron pulls off an IPO this year, it will become the most high-profile New York startup to test the public market since Etsy's debut three years ago.  Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read DeVos Undoes Obama Student Loan Protections United CEO Apologizes Again After First Mea Culpa Falls Flat United Is Under Fire for Dragging a Passenger Off an Overbooked Flight Trump Transition Team Faces Spending Review at Warren's Urging Sorry America, Your Taxes Aren’t High Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home News Featured News Columns Front-Page Flashback Out & About Garden Spot Outdoor Adventure Hand in Hand with Elayne Monday’s Warm Cocoa Clerk’s Corner Tech Guru Critter Chatter A Student’s View Museum Memories Matters of Faith Financial Focus Non-Active Columns The Hamilton Papers Movie Reviews Homefront Pioneer Prose In Good Health Blast from the Past The Chopping Block Children’s Justice Center From the Heart Over the Fence Editor’s Notebook Horse Whisperer Family Ties Obits Hometown Sports Sports Feature Articles From the Sidelines Sports Wrap Announcements Weddings Anniversaries Babies Birthdays Missionaries Military Bulletin Board Notes of Appreciation Honors, Awards & Graduations Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Send Letter to Editor Community News School News Special Sections Christmas Writing Photo Gallery Archive Events Subscribe Classifieds Browse Ads Search Ads Place Ad About Us Who We Are Our Staff Media Kit Request a Quote Contact Us Support Extras Tell Me a Story Our Picks Poetry Make One Great Dish Book Reviews Moments in Time Strange But True Short Stories Amazon Store Kindle Store Links Weather (No Ratings Yet) Loading... Steve Howe No comments yet Featured News 114 Views Related State champs! Again! City Hall reviewing high-density housing proposal Tooele GOP picks new party leaders April 11, 2017 Grantsville man caught with drugs, gun during arrest A Grantsville man wanted on warrants is facing additional criminal charges in connection with his arrest by Tooele City police officers. Toby D. Baty, 24, is charged with second-degree felony possession of a dangerous weapon by a restricted person, third-degree felony possession of a dangerous weapon by a restricted person, third-degree felony forge or falsify a license and misdemeanor use or possession of drug paraphernalia. Tooele City police were dispatched to the parking lot of the Tooele Walmart on a report of a driver known to have warrants around 2 p.m. on April 1, a probable cause statement said. The arresting officer found Baty had four active warrants in a search of the state database. On route to the location of the caller, another officer had detained Baty at 1201 N. Fenwick Lane, the statement said. The arresting officer searched Baty for weapons and he denied having anything illegal on him or within the vehicle. While Baty was being transported to the Tooele County Detention Center, he admitted to possessing a pipe inside the vehicle he had been driving, according to the probable cause statement. Baty was being booked into the jail when another officer reported finding a loaded handgun behind the driver seat of Baty’s car. Officers located a keychain to Baty’s vehicle that contained a white crystallized substance and a black tar substance, the statement said. A driver’s license with Baty’s picture but a different name, which appeared to be forged, was also discovered. Baty made his initial appearance in 3rd District Court on Monday before Judge Robert Adkins and he was assigned a public defender. He is scheduled to appear in court for a roll call hearing on April 25 at 9 a.m. before Judge Robert Adkins. About Latest Posts Steve Howe Latest posts by Steve Howe (see all) County dispatchers honored this week - April 11, 2017 Grantsville’s successful tree program ready for this spring - April 11, 2017 Grantsville man caught with drugs, gun during arrest - April 11, 2017 Share Post Tweet 0 Comments Recommended State champs! Again! City Hall reviewing high-density housing proposal Tooele GOP picks new party leaders County dispatchers honored this week Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Events Calendar Local Weather For more weather including 7 and 10 day forecasts click HERE. Menu Featured News Hometown Sports Columns Classifieds Obits Links Amazon Store Kindle Store Who We Are Contact Us Request a Quote Send Letter to Editor Help & Support Contact Us Toll Free: (866) 721-9992 Local: (435) 882-0050 Fax: (435) 882-6123 Email: tbp@tooeletranscript.com Hours of Operation Monday – Friday: 8:30 am - 5:30 pm Closed Sat. & Sun. Who We Are At the Tooele Transcript Bulletin, we provide up-to-date news and advertising for Tooele County, Utah. Founded in 1894, our twice-weekly newspaper has been serving readers and the community for nearly 120 years. In addition to the newspaper, we provide a broad range of print, digital and strategy services. Our parent company, Transcript Bulletin Publishing, has in-house graphic designers, photographers, writers, pressmen and technicians that create cool stuff, from print pieces and websites, to signs and graphics. Want your business or organization to be seen in a fresh and exciting way — without busting your budget? We can help. Visit our website at www.tbpublishing.com ArticlesArticles Select Category A Student’s View Anniversaries Babies Birthdays Blast from the Past Book Reviews Breaking News Bulletin Board Children’s Justice Center Christmas Writing Clerk’s Corner Community News Critter Chatter Editor’s Notebook Editorials Family Ties Featured News Financial Focus From the Heart From the Sidelines Front-Page Flashback Garden Spot Hand in Hand with Elayne Homefront Hometown Honors, Awards & Graduations Horse Whisperer In Good Health Letters to the Editor Make One Great Dish Matters of Faith MIlitary Missionaries Moments in Time Monday’s Warm Cocoa Movie Reviews Museum Memories Notes of Appreciation Obits Op-Eds Our Picks Out & About Outdoor Adventure Over the Fence Photo Gallery Photos of the Month Pioneer Prose Poetry School News Short Stories Sports Sports Wrap Strange But True Tech Guru Tell Me a Story The Chopping Block The Hamilton Papers Weddings Archives Archives Select Month April 2017  (74) March 2017  (226) February 2017  (236) January 2017  (238) December 2016  (230) November 2016  (232) October 2016  (238) September 2016  (248) August 2016  (257) July 2016  (230) June 2016  (256) May 2016  (247) April 2016  (228) March 2016  (270) February 2016  (222) January 2016  (214) December 2015  (250) November 2015  (207) October 2015  (259) September 2015  (251) August 2015  (259) July 2015  (260) June 2015  (257) May 2015  (240) April 2015  (268) March 2015  (276) February 2015  (229) January 2015  (241) December 2014  (304) November 2014  (241) October 2014  (289) September 2014  (294) August 2014  (252) July 2014  (316) June 2014  (282) May 2014  (292) April 2014  (292) March 2014  (272) February 2014  (259) January 2014  (272) December 2013  (258) November 2013  (253) October 2013  (323) September 2013  (246) August 2013  (298) July 2013  (293) June 2013  (265) May 2013  (316) April 2013  (318) March 2013  (287) February 2013  (259) January 2013  (306) December 2012  (285) November 2012  (276) October 2012  (294) September 2012  (89) August 2012  (37) July 2012  (37) June 2012  (18) May 2012  (19) April 2012  (246) March 2012  (300) February 2012  (250) January 2012  (13) December 2011  (29) November 2011  (15) October 2011  (9) September 2011  (11) August 2011  (13) July 2011  (9) June 2011  (17) May 2011  (12) April 2011  (8) March 2011  (11) February 2011  (12) January 2011  (13) December 2010  (9) November 2010  (10) October 2010  (12) September 2010  (11) August 2010  (12) July 2010  (9) June 2010  (10) May 2010  (9) April 2010  (9) March 2010  (6) February 2010  (4) January 2010  (6) December 2009  (9) November 2009  (6) October 2009  (8) September 2009  (71) August 2009  (7) July 2009  (8) June 2009  (3) May 2009  (6) April 2009  (1) March 2009  (2) February 2009  (2) January 2009  (3) December 2008  (4) November 2008  (4) October 2008  (7) September 2008  (3) August 2008  (4) July 2008  (6) June 2008  (4) May 2008  (4) April 2008  (7) March 2008  (5) February 2008  (5) January 2008  (4) December 2007  (5) November 2007  (4) October 2007  (2) September 2007  (6) August 2007  (1) May 2005  (276) April 2005  (310) March 2005  (323) February 2005  (101) Designed, constructed and managed by Transcript Bulletin Publishing, Tooele, UT ©
Latest News Dow 20,651 -6.72 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,867 -14.15 -0.24% S&P 500 2,354 -3.38 -0.14% 2:56 A.M. ET WH Smith logs 4% growth in pretax profit 2:55 A.M. ET Tesco posts 30% rise in adjusted operating profit 2:51 A.M. ET Updated United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap 2:21 A.M. ET Updated How to dazzle voters on the campaign trail? Upstart French candidate turns to holograms 12:02 A.M. ET This is the one place in America where even doctors can’t buy a home 12:01 A.M. ET Millennials are too forgetful to redeem their credit card points 4/11 KPMG partners fired over ethics breach 4/11 Asian markets slip as yen hits 5-month high 4/11 Trump to lift federal hiring freeze Wednesday 4/11 Updated Republican wins surprisingly close Kansas congressional election 4/11 Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ 4/11 Elliott attempting to oust Azko board chairman 4/11 China's consumer inflation rises in March 4/11 Japan machinery orders rebound in February 4/11 Agent Provocateur's U.S. unit files chapter 11 4/11 Tesla investors seek more independent board members 4/11 Fox News host Bill O'Reilly announces vacation amid advertiser revolt 4/11 Updated FBI had FISA warrant to snoop on ex-Trump adviser Carter Page: report 4/11 Samsung Galaxy S8’s ‘virtual assistant’ won’t be ready for U.S. launch 4/11 PC companies must sell to businesses or die, but what about Apple? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance Personal Finance Daily Get email alerts Is buying a house like playing the lottery and stats to know going into Tax Day By Alessandra Malito Published: Apr 11, 2017 3:51 p.m. ET Share Tuesday's top personal finance stories By AlessandraMalito Reporter Happy Tuesday, MarketWatchers! Here are the top personal finance stories of the day. Personal Finance 92% of federal revenue is brought in by the IRS The IRS prevented 85% of attempted tax refund fraud, and other stats to know going into Tax Day. Critics worry this provision could undermine New York’s free college plan To get free college tuition in New York, you have to live in the state after graduation. Procrastinating on your taxes? Avoid these 6 common mistakes leaving everything to the last minute can lead to errors, both large and small, and some of those errors could cost you serious money Here’s the time a Nobel-prize-winning economist got ejected from a United flight Yale economist Robert Shiller was asked to get off a plane in 2015; he and his wife were paid $2,700. The Moneyologist: My sister, who never helped our father, wants half of his assets This woman was planning to give her sister their father’s Florida home, but now she is not so sure. Is buying a house like buying a lottery ticket? Homes are a big part of most Americans’ net worth. But a home purchase is a bit of a gamble. These are the times you shouldn’t book a flight with points Plus: When it’s cheaper to buy two one-way tickets. Join us in New York City for a panel discussion on smart-beta funds Panelists will discuss this emerging investment strategy. Gross things found in people’s food reaches a new low: a dead bat The incident of a dead bat found in a bagged salad sold at Walmart has sparked an investigation by state and federal health agencies, along with a “precautionary” recall by the manufacturer. Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ Hotel comforters are rarely changed and never press ‘unsubscribe’ on an email. Elsewhere on MarketWatch Spicer under fire for saying Hitler didn’t use chemical weapons White House spokesman Sean Spicer tried to say that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad was worse than Hitler but ended up saying the German leader didn’t use gas to kill civilians during World War II. Preparation of White House tax reform plan going slowly, Trump ally admits Blackstone CEO Steven Schwarzman said preparation of a White House tax reform plan is going slowly. Jeff Sessions changes prepared speech to not call criminal illegal immigrants ‘filth’ Announcing a new crackdown on illegal immigrants who commit crimes, Attorney General Jeff Sessions declines to use the adjective “filth” that is in his prepared text. How Putin learned to govern from growing up in the war-torn city of St. Petersburg At an early age, he found that projecting power was the key to survival, writes Reva Goujon. White House says removal of passenger from United Airlines was troubling The rough removal of a passenger from a United Airlines flight at O’Hare Airport this weekend was “troubling” but there is no need or the federal government to get involved, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Tuesday. No, President Trump has not created 600,000 new jobs President Donald Trump on Tuesday said his administration has created “over 600,000 jobs” since he took office. But that’s a lot more than the government’s own scoresheet says. Trump name makes consumers less likely to buy, more likely to boycott A survey by Simmons Research finds the Trump presidency may be having a negative effect on his name’s potential influence on consumers. Haven’t subscribed yet to MarketWatch’s daily personal finance newsletter? Sign up here. More from MarketWatch United Airlines Passenger Violently Removed From Flight The Financial Lesson in a $1 Hot Dog Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ Most Popular United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ Warren Buffett’s big bet on United Airlines could be costing him millions These airlines bump the most passengers involuntarily (United isn’t No. 1) Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple store Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Compare Financial Advisors in Your Neighborhood SmartAsset.com Exclusive Travel Rewards from Luxury Card SmartAsset.com Get Matched with the Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.44% 30 yr fixed 3.91% 15 yr fixed 3.11% 10 yr fixed 2.93% 30 yr fixed refi 3.91% 15 yr fixed refi 3.13% 5/1 ARM 3.14% 5/1 ARM refi 3.32% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.8% $50K HELOC 4.82% $75K HELOC 4.81% $100K HELOC 4.56% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.33% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.31% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.22% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.3% 2 yr CD 0.78% 1 yr CD 0.62% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.3% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.13% 48 Mo Used Car 3.12% 36 Mo Used Car 3.34% 72 Mo New Car 3.09% 60 Mo New Car 3.35% 48 Mo New Car 3.22% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.56% 12.56% 12.00% Business 13.62% 13.62% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.98% 14.98% 14.41% Airline 15.73% 15.73% 15.13% Cash Back 15.76% 15.76% 15.33% Reward 15.79% 15.79% 15.24% Instant Approval 18.23% 18.23% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.20% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Alessandra Malito Alessandra Malito is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @malito_ali. MarketWatch Partner Center Alessandra Malito Alessandra Malito is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @malito_ali. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Latest News Dow 20,651 -6.72 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,867 -14.15 -0.24% S&P 500 2,354 -3.38 -0.14% 2:56 A.M. ET WH Smith logs 4% growth in pretax profit 2:55 A.M. ET Tesco posts 30% rise in adjusted operating profit 2:51 A.M. ET Updated United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap 2:21 A.M. ET Updated How to dazzle voters on the campaign trail? Upstart French candidate turns to holograms 12:02 A.M. ET This is the one place in America where even doctors can’t buy a home 12:01 A.M. ET Millennials are too forgetful to redeem their credit card points 4/11 KPMG partners fired over ethics breach 4/11 Asian markets slip as yen hits 5-month high 4/11 Trump to lift federal hiring freeze Wednesday 4/11 Updated Republican wins surprisingly close Kansas congressional election 4/11 Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ 4/11 Elliott attempting to oust Azko board chairman 4/11 China's consumer inflation rises in March 4/11 Japan machinery orders rebound in February 4/11 Agent Provocateur's U.S. unit files chapter 11 4/11 Tesla investors seek more independent board members 4/11 Fox News host Bill O'Reilly announces vacation amid advertiser revolt 4/11 Updated FBI had FISA warrant to snoop on ex-Trump adviser Carter Page: report 4/11 Samsung Galaxy S8’s ‘virtual assistant’ won’t be ready for U.S. launch 4/11 PC companies must sell to businesses or die, but what about Apple? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance Personal Finance Daily Get email alerts Is buying a house like playing the lottery and stats to know going into Tax Day By Alessandra Malito Published: Apr 11, 2017 3:51 p.m. ET Share Tuesday's top personal finance stories By AlessandraMalito Reporter Happy Tuesday, MarketWatchers! Here are the top personal finance stories of the day. Personal Finance 92% of federal revenue is brought in by the IRS The IRS prevented 85% of attempted tax refund fraud, and other stats to know going into Tax Day. Critics worry this provision could undermine New York’s free college plan To get free college tuition in New York, you have to live in the state after graduation. Procrastinating on your taxes? Avoid these 6 common mistakes leaving everything to the last minute can lead to errors, both large and small, and some of those errors could cost you serious money Here’s the time a Nobel-prize-winning economist got ejected from a United flight Yale economist Robert Shiller was asked to get off a plane in 2015; he and his wife were paid $2,700. The Moneyologist: My sister, who never helped our father, wants half of his assets This woman was planning to give her sister their father’s Florida home, but now she is not so sure. Is buying a house like buying a lottery ticket? Homes are a big part of most Americans’ net worth. But a home purchase is a bit of a gamble. These are the times you shouldn’t book a flight with points Plus: When it’s cheaper to buy two one-way tickets. Join us in New York City for a panel discussion on smart-beta funds Panelists will discuss this emerging investment strategy. Gross things found in people’s food reaches a new low: a dead bat The incident of a dead bat found in a bagged salad sold at Walmart has sparked an investigation by state and federal health agencies, along with a “precautionary” recall by the manufacturer. Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ Hotel comforters are rarely changed and never press ‘unsubscribe’ on an email. Elsewhere on MarketWatch Spicer under fire for saying Hitler didn’t use chemical weapons White House spokesman Sean Spicer tried to say that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad was worse than Hitler but ended up saying the German leader didn’t use gas to kill civilians during World War II. Preparation of White House tax reform plan going slowly, Trump ally admits Blackstone CEO Steven Schwarzman said preparation of a White House tax reform plan is going slowly. Jeff Sessions changes prepared speech to not call criminal illegal immigrants ‘filth’ Announcing a new crackdown on illegal immigrants who commit crimes, Attorney General Jeff Sessions declines to use the adjective “filth” that is in his prepared text. How Putin learned to govern from growing up in the war-torn city of St. Petersburg At an early age, he found that projecting power was the key to survival, writes Reva Goujon. White House says removal of passenger from United Airlines was troubling The rough removal of a passenger from a United Airlines flight at O’Hare Airport this weekend was “troubling” but there is no need or the federal government to get involved, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Tuesday. No, President Trump has not created 600,000 new jobs President Donald Trump on Tuesday said his administration has created “over 600,000 jobs” since he took office. But that’s a lot more than the government’s own scoresheet says. Trump name makes consumers less likely to buy, more likely to boycott A survey by Simmons Research finds the Trump presidency may be having a negative effect on his name’s potential influence on consumers. Haven’t subscribed yet to MarketWatch’s daily personal finance newsletter? Sign up here. More from MarketWatch United Airlines Passenger Violently Removed From Flight The Financial Lesson in a $1 Hot Dog Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ Most Popular United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ Warren Buffett’s big bet on United Airlines could be costing him millions These airlines bump the most passengers involuntarily (United isn’t No. 1) Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple store Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Compare Financial Advisors in Your Neighborhood SmartAsset.com Exclusive Travel Rewards from Luxury Card SmartAsset.com Get Matched with the Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.44% 30 yr fixed 3.91% 15 yr fixed 3.11% 10 yr fixed 2.93% 30 yr fixed refi 3.91% 15 yr fixed refi 3.13% 5/1 ARM 3.14% 5/1 ARM refi 3.32% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.8% $50K HELOC 4.82% $75K HELOC 4.81% $100K HELOC 4.56% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.33% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.31% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.22% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.3% 2 yr CD 0.78% 1 yr CD 0.62% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.3% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.13% 48 Mo Used Car 3.12% 36 Mo Used Car 3.34% 72 Mo New Car 3.09% 60 Mo New Car 3.35% 48 Mo New Car 3.22% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.56% 12.56% 12.00% Business 13.62% 13.62% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.98% 14.98% 14.41% Airline 15.73% 15.73% 15.13% Cash Back 15.76% 15.76% 15.33% Reward 15.79% 15.79% 15.24% Instant Approval 18.23% 18.23% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.20% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Alessandra Malito Alessandra Malito is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @malito_ali. MarketWatch Partner Center Alessandra Malito Alessandra Malito is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @malito_ali. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Tuesday, April 11, 2017 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS Local organizations are in need of volunteers Tuesday, April 11, 2017 Carbon County 4-H Carbon County 4-H is currently looking for clothing and textile volunteers to lead and work with 4-H members between the ages of 8 and 18 in various sewing projects; as well as volunteers to work with 4-H members in the foods and nutrition area. Clearances are a requirement as well as references in order to work with youth. Please contact Penn State Extension — Carbon County Office at 570-325-2788 option 3 or email Georgia Farrow at gaf4@psu.edu to find out more. Peaceful Knights Volunteer opportunities for the Peaceful Knights Homeless Shelter include: • Give rides to Aldi’s/Walmart so clients can get groceries • Donation organizer: someone to organize the clothing donations • Fundraiser committees: 5 positions open • Handyman: someone to assist with minor repairs at shelter • Cooked meals/cooking classes • Bicycle repairs and maintenance • Data input/filing • Social media/website maintenance One hour per week would be awesome for any of the positions. Peaceful Knights is at 215 N. First St., Lehighton, Pa. 18235, 610-340-4786. RSVP RSVP (Retired Senior Volunteer Program) is working with ShareCare Faith in Action to find volunteers to help Senior Citizens of Carbon County. Volunteer drivers can give the Senior Citizens of our Carbon County communities help with transportation to medical and other appointments as well as help shopping for food and other essentials. Volunteers are provided with supplemental insurance protection through Senior Corps RSVP while they are volunteering. Mileage reimbursement is available if needed. Anyone with a good driving record, a positive attitude, and a genuine interest in the well-being of others is welcome to apply for this volunteer opportunity. Your help can improve the quality of life and promote independence of Senior Citizens in Carbon County. For more information please call Jean at RSVP at 610-509-4483. Volunteers for Gnaden Huetten The Gnaden Huetten campus of the Blue Mountain Health System is looking for volunteers to work in the gift shop and to staff the lobby desk either on a one-day-a-week basis or as a substitute. Shift times are 9 a.m. to noon, noon to 4 p.m. and 4 to 8 p.m. For more information or to apply, contact Joe Guardiani at 610-377-7183. If you are unable to volunteer at this time, you can support the hospital by joining the auxiliary. Contact Joe at 610-377-7183. Franklin Township Volunteer Fire Company The Franklin Township Volunteer Fire Company No. 1 needs volunteers to help with many fundraising events that are held each year at the fire company, as well as help in making the fire company efficient. Volunteers must become members of the fire company to serve. Some of the areas in which volunteer help would be greatly appreciated: • Auditing of the books of the fire company • Assisting in the directing of parking for the company’s events • Indoor Flea Market, April 22 • Outdoor Flea Market, May 20 • Annual Car Show, June 4 • Annual Block Party, July 14-16 • Annual Yard Sale, Aug. 18-20 • Poets’s Dinner Show & Dance, Oct. 7 • Block Shoot & Hunters’ Day, Nov. 5 • Children’s Annual Xmas Party, Dec. 9 Anyone wishing to help can call the fire company at 610-377-2144. The fire company is at 2440 Fairyland Road, Lehighton, PA 18235. Tamaqua Area Relay for Life Tamaqua Area Relay for Life needs help for the June 23 and 24 relay 1. Team Ambassador: Needed to relay all of the information from the meetings to everyone else via email. Would require you to attend a monthly meeting usually the first Monday of the month. 2. Community Champion: Talk on the radio about upcoming events, contact newspapers, etc. 3. Someone to take charge of setting up of the event. 4. Someone to take charge of cleanup after the event. 5. Help setting up for the survivors event. Contact: rehrigdo@gmail.com Care Net Care Net recently opened a second facility in Nesquehoning.The organization hopes to continue serving the community through the addition of the additional Care Net. They are in need of capable people who can volunteer here in Lehighton and Nesquehoning weekly for a few hours. These are the volunteer opportunities Care Net has now: office assistants, material resource/thrift store helpers, baby sitters, housekeepers, maintenance helpers, and fundraisers. Contact anyone at Care Net of Carbon County, 610-379-0411, 531 Mahoning Street, Lehighton. Meals on Wheels of Palmerton Meals on Wheels of Palmerton needs volunteer drivers and delivery people to serve clients in the Palmerton area Monday through Friday. It needs full-time volunteers (once a week, usually one hour) and also people who can fill in on short notice as needed. Contact William Gallagher at billgal@ptd.net or 610-826-3587. Meals on Wheels of Monroe County Meals on Wheels of Monroe County is in great need for additional volunteers in three geographic ares due to service requests, including the West End. Anyone who can help with delivery of meals is asked to contact the RSVP office at 570-420-3747 as soon as possible. Volunteers must have a reliable vehicle, a current Pennsylvania driver’s license and carry a minimum of $100K/$300K auto liability insurance. Accurately tracked mileage is tax deductible. No. 9 Mine & Museum The No. 9 Mine & Museum is operated and run by volunteers. The museum is looking for mine volunteers to help in the mine with replacing rails and ties. Temperatures in the winter is 52 degrees. Mine volunteers would work three to four hours a day on any working day. In the summer time, the grass must be cut and grass and weeds growing along our rail lines must be trimmed back. Volunteers are needed to clean the museum. More members are needed to help during the two picnics per year to serve food. The Mine Heritage Day Festival is in need of volunteers to help with the parking of cars. Contact Dave Kuchta at humblebee@ptd.net or 570-645-7074. Palmerton Hospital Auxiliary The Palmerton Hospital Auxiliary is looking for volunteers to work in the Owl’s Nest Gift Shop in the Palmerton Hospital, in the Nearly New Thrift Shop on Delaware Avenue, to delivery mail in the Palmerton hospital, or to work at Blue Mountain Health System’s Adult Day Center in Lehighton. Volunteers must be at least 18 years old and must join the auxiliary. It is $3 per year for dues. Contact Lovey Irvin at 610-657-5420. Girl Scouts Girl Scout Troop leader and co-leader positions are open in the Lehighton area. Daisy (grades K-1) at Franklin Elementary School from 3:30 to 4:30 p.m. (immediate opening); Brownie (grades 2-3); Junior (grades 4-5); Cadette (grades 6-8); and Senior (grades 9-10) at any church in Lehighton or Franklin area. Volunteers must be 1. 19 years or older; 2. wants to work with girls from the Lehighton area; 3. must register online at gsep.org (cost is $15); 4. must pass the background checks; 5. take two online courses (approximately 30 minutes each); 6. take one class at the Girl Scout Lehigh Valley Service Center; and 7. attend one Service Unit meeting monthly. There are also openings on the Service Unit team for anyone who wants to help plan and organize events and camping trips for the girls. Must meet requirements 1-4 and 7 listed above as well as attend the Service Unit team meeting on the first Wednesday of each month. Contact Katherine Hosler at 610-377-3737 or 302-530-4386. Road to Recovery Program The American Cancer Society’s Road to Recovery program provides rides for patients in Schuylkill and Carbon County. A total of 550 rides were given by seven volunteers in 2016. Road to Recovery provides free transportation to ambulatory cancer patients to and from medical treatment appointments for people who are in active cancer treatment and who do not have a ride or are unable to drive themselves. Volunteer drivers need to have a valid PA driver’s license, a good driving record, a reliable vehicle, proof of insurance, complete a background and driver check and participate in a brief orientation program online. Drivers must be between 18 and 84 years of age. You can drive your vehicle or the American Cancer Society’s Road to Recovery vehicle. Please call 1-800-227-2345 if you are interested in volunteering. West Penn Township Lions Club Lions are well known for successful initiatives in vision, health and community service. They meet the needs of local communities and the needs of those around the world. Our 1.35 million members in 206 countries are different in many ways but share a core belief: Community is what we make it, and we can help make a difference! The West Penn Lions are looking for new members with good moral character and reputation who recognize the importance of rendering personal service in the community by working in cooperation with other civic-minded people. If you are interested in becoming a Lion or have more questions, please call 570-386-2272. American Cancer Society Become an American Cancer Society Telethon volunteer. While the ACS Telethon airs one weekend a year, telethon work and fundraising continues year-round. The real work in making each telethon a success takes place the other 51 weeks of the year. We invite you to become part of the Telethon family. We even have our own website and volunteer office. Check us out at www.CancerTelethon.org, or 33 W Ridge St, Lansford PA 18232. Contact Chairman Joe Krushinsky at 202-297-3274 or JKrushinsky@gmail.com. Maybe you already have an idea of how you can help our efforts. That’s great. We encourage people to share ideas with us. Maybe you’re not sure what you have to offer so here are a few ideas for you, your group or organization. • Manage Telethon’s Facebook and Twitter • Organize a used book sale • Answer phones, prepare mailings and help at the volunteer office • Organize a benefit cash bingo • Organize a dinner, food or bake sale • Organize a mini-Thon in your high school • Join the Daffodil Committee • Organize a 5K run/walk • Organize a benefit cat/dog show or walk • Organize a golf tournament • Join the Chinese Auction Committee • Create a bowling event fundraiser • Organize a Night at the Races at a local club • Organize canning and boot drop events (canning is simply standing at places like Walmart) • Organize a restaurant night with one of your local eateries. • Organize a service club to do some serious “canning” or boot drops in your area • Organize a benefit block party involving other community groups Send information about your organization’s volunteer need and requirements to tneditor@tnonline.com. Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Club Store Packaging Market – Key Players, Growth, Analysis, 2017 – 2027 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/11/2017 — Club store packaging plays an important role in consumer shopping experience in a warehouse club store, which is a type of retail store dealing with variety of merchandise brought in large or wholesale quantities. Club store packaging involves merchandise in a warehouse club store being stacked on pallets to attract the attention of the consumers. Club store packaging is different than packaging for other retail formats like grocery stores or super markets. This is because warehouse club stores have evolved in the use of 80/20 rule. While 20 % of products in retail stores account for 80 % of its revenue, warehouse club stores stock only 20 % of these products. In traditional retail formats where packaging plays a role in highlighting and differentiating a particular brand from another, club store packaging attempts to differentiate a specific product from another. Fill the form to gain deeper insights on this market @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20876 In a traditional retail format like supermarkets where customers have option to select from wider range of brands, warehouse club stores on the other hand offer limited number of brands. Hence, a warehouse club store will focus on highlighting the functional aspects of a product like a cup of ‚Horlicks’ rather than focusing on the Horlicks brand name or logo. Customers at a warehouse club store generally pay membership fees in order to shop at the store. As warehouse club stores are exclusive to its members, offering an enticing shopping experience differentiates warehouse clubs from other retail formats. Club Store Packaging – Market Dynamics: Club store packaging market is driven by strategies adopted by warehouse club store operators, primarily by three players Costco, Sam’s Club operated by Walmart and BJ’s Wholesale. Warehouse club store market in the U.S. generates revenue in excess of US$ 400 billion wherein Costco and Sam’s Club together generate sales of about US$ 140 billion. Costco is the largest player in terms of sales whereas Sam’s club has most number of locations. Obtain Report Details @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/club-store-packaging-market.html One important challenge faced by club store packaging market is the prevalent use of corrugated paper material which offer strength and resistance but discourages the creation of attractive and appealing graphics that help in grabbing customer attention in the club store. However, club store packaging can exploit this opportunity of creating innovative and attractive packaging products. Display ready packaging (DRP) and retail ready packaging (RRP) are such concepts that make club store packaging products more appealing. Retail ready packaging allows direct-to-shelf movement of merchandise with minimum requirement of handling while display ready packaging involves use of appealing and multi-color display graphics. Recent trends in club store packaging have seen the use of recycled material to target environmental conscious consumers and the use of non-fluted paper to improve the printing capabilities. Few other trends observed in club store packaging are color blocking wherein individual packages are palletized to create a solid block of single color to be seen from distance, billboarding which involves creation of large continuous design by stacking pallets side by side and last is arrangement of pallets so that shopping is allowed from all three sides. Club Store Packaging – Market Segmentation: Club store packaging market is segmented into market segments and end use industry. On the basis of market segments, club store packaging serves business segment such as beverage, food, home care, health care, and personal care. Market for club store packaging can be segmented according to the packaging type such as blister packaging, packaged to display quality box (PDQ) trays, cartons (bag-in-box), multi-packs, shrink wrapping, standup pouches, cans, trays, oversized club store packaging, bulk content packaging, custom fitted compartment and fully sealed packaging. Club Store Packaging Market – Regional Outlook: Geographically, the global club store packaging market can be segmented into North America, Latin America, Eastern Europe, Western Europe, Asia Pacific, excluding Japan, Japan and Middle East and Africa. Club Store Packaging Market – Key Players: Some of the major players supplying club store packaging products are PaperWorks Industries Inc., MSL Packaging & Fulfillment, Versatile Packagers, Transparent Container, Square Peg Packaging and Printing, Accurate Box Company, Assemblies Unlimited and Creative Displays Now. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Research report explores Soy Protein Concentrate market for 2017-2022 Next PostNext Flonase Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2021 Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Club Store Packaging Market – Key Players, Growth, Analysis, 2017 – 2027 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/11/2017 — Club store packaging plays an important role in consumer shopping experience in a warehouse club store, which is a type of retail store dealing with variety of merchandise brought in large or wholesale quantities. Club store packaging involves merchandise in a warehouse club store being stacked on pallets to attract the attention of the consumers. Club store packaging is different than packaging for other retail formats like grocery stores or super markets. This is because warehouse club stores have evolved in the use of 80/20 rule. While 20 % of products in retail stores account for 80 % of its revenue, warehouse club stores stock only 20 % of these products. In traditional retail formats where packaging plays a role in highlighting and differentiating a particular brand from another, club store packaging attempts to differentiate a specific product from another. Fill the form to gain deeper insights on this market @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20876 In a traditional retail format like supermarkets where customers have option to select from wider range of brands, warehouse club stores on the other hand offer limited number of brands. Hence, a warehouse club store will focus on highlighting the functional aspects of a product like a cup of ‚Horlicks’ rather than focusing on the Horlicks brand name or logo. Customers at a warehouse club store generally pay membership fees in order to shop at the store. As warehouse club stores are exclusive to its members, offering an enticing shopping experience differentiates warehouse clubs from other retail formats. Club Store Packaging – Market Dynamics: Club store packaging market is driven by strategies adopted by warehouse club store operators, primarily by three players Costco, Sam’s Club operated by Walmart and BJ’s Wholesale. Warehouse club store market in the U.S. generates revenue in excess of US$ 400 billion wherein Costco and Sam’s Club together generate sales of about US$ 140 billion. Costco is the largest player in terms of sales whereas Sam’s club has most number of locations. Obtain Report Details @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/club-store-packaging-market.html One important challenge faced by club store packaging market is the prevalent use of corrugated paper material which offer strength and resistance but discourages the creation of attractive and appealing graphics that help in grabbing customer attention in the club store. However, club store packaging can exploit this opportunity of creating innovative and attractive packaging products. Display ready packaging (DRP) and retail ready packaging (RRP) are such concepts that make club store packaging products more appealing. Retail ready packaging allows direct-to-shelf movement of merchandise with minimum requirement of handling while display ready packaging involves use of appealing and multi-color display graphics. Recent trends in club store packaging have seen the use of recycled material to target environmental conscious consumers and the use of non-fluted paper to improve the printing capabilities. Few other trends observed in club store packaging are color blocking wherein individual packages are palletized to create a solid block of single color to be seen from distance, billboarding which involves creation of large continuous design by stacking pallets side by side and last is arrangement of pallets so that shopping is allowed from all three sides. Club Store Packaging – Market Segmentation: Club store packaging market is segmented into market segments and end use industry. On the basis of market segments, club store packaging serves business segment such as beverage, food, home care, health care, and personal care. Market for club store packaging can be segmented according to the packaging type such as blister packaging, packaged to display quality box (PDQ) trays, cartons (bag-in-box), multi-packs, shrink wrapping, standup pouches, cans, trays, oversized club store packaging, bulk content packaging, custom fitted compartment and fully sealed packaging. Club Store Packaging Market – Regional Outlook: Geographically, the global club store packaging market can be segmented into North America, Latin America, Eastern Europe, Western Europe, Asia Pacific, excluding Japan, Japan and Middle East and Africa. Club Store Packaging Market – Key Players: Some of the major players supplying club store packaging products are PaperWorks Industries Inc., MSL Packaging & Fulfillment, Versatile Packagers, Transparent Container, Square Peg Packaging and Printing, Accurate Box Company, Assemblies Unlimited and Creative Displays Now. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Research report explores Soy Protein Concentrate market for 2017-2022 Next PostNext Flonase Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2021 Search Recent Posts Vodafone to proceed with 70% stake acquisition The Cruise Brothers Celebrate 45 years in Business! Launch The Other Brother Holistic Organic Wellness in Boca Raton expands to a new location, bringing new wellness options to the community! Pleasanton Chiropractor Holds Charity Event to Help Abused Women Capital Landscape, California Backyard team up to create ‘Jacuzzi On Stage’ Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,651 -6.72 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,867 -14.15 -0.24% S&P 500 2,354 -3.38 -0.14% 2:56 A.M. ET WH Smith logs 4% growth in pretax profit 2:55 A.M. ET Tesco posts 30% rise in adjusted operating profit 2:51 A.M. ET Updated United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap 2:21 A.M. ET Updated How to dazzle voters on the campaign trail? Upstart French candidate turns to holograms 12:02 A.M. ET This is the one place in America where even doctors can’t buy a home 12:01 A.M. ET Millennials are too forgetful to redeem their credit card points 4/11 KPMG partners fired over ethics breach 4/11 Asian markets slip as yen hits 5-month high 4/11 Trump to lift federal hiring freeze Wednesday 4/11 Updated Republican wins surprisingly close Kansas congressional election 4/11 Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ 4/11 Elliott attempting to oust Azko board chairman 4/11 China's consumer inflation rises in March 4/11 Japan machinery orders rebound in February 4/11 Agent Provocateur's U.S. unit files chapter 11 4/11 Tesla investors seek more independent board members 4/11 Fox News host Bill O'Reilly announces vacation amid advertiser revolt 4/11 Updated FBI had FISA warrant to snoop on ex-Trump adviser Carter Page: report 4/11 Samsung Galaxy S8’s ‘virtual assistant’ won’t be ready for U.S. launch 4/11 PC companies must sell to businesses or die, but what about Apple? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets The Technical Indicator Get email alerts Charting a tenuous technical backdrop, S&P 500 ventures under major support By Michael Ashbaugh Published: Apr 11, 2017 12:50 p.m. ET Share Focus: Crude oil takes flight, Energy and retail sectors reach trendline resistance, USO, XLE, XRT, WMT, FIVE, BBY By MichaelAshbaugh Technicals columnist Editor’s Note: This is a free edition of The Technical Indicator, a daily MarketWatch subscriber newsletter. To get this column each market day, click here. Technically speaking, major tests are taking shape this week across the widely-tracked U.S. benchmarks. Consider that S&P 500 and Dow industrials have ventured under the 50-day moving average early Tuesday — areas that have defined the bull trend since November — placing each benchmark in less-charted territory. The downturn raises flag to a potential trend shift, and its aggressiveness is worth tracking. Before detailing the U.S. markets’ wider view, the S&P 500’s SPX, -0.14%  hourly chart highlights the past two weeks. As illustrated, the S&P’s near-term range is well-defined. The 50-day moving average, currently 2,349.4, closely matches the 2,351 support. The S&P has ventured under support Tuesday, though as always, it’s the close that matters. On further weakness, a deeper floor matches the March low of 2,322. Similarly, the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.03% has established a tight near-term range. Here again, the 50-day moving average, currently 20,627, matches major technical support. The Dow has ventured firmly lower early Tuesday, reaching less-charted territory, better illustrated on the daily chart. Meanwhile, the Nasdaq Composite’s backdrop is slightly stronger. The index tagged a nominal record high last week, and the immediate pullback had been flat, underpinned by support matching the February peak. Widening the view to six months adds perspective. On this wider view, the Nasdaq has established a tight April range just under record territory. Recall that the range top has recently capped two bearish reversals, including the March 21 session, a massive 7-to-1 down day. (A “down day” means that declining volume surpassed advancing volume by the given margin.) On further weakness, the 50-day moving average, currently 5,823, is closely followed by support matching the 5,800 mark. The Nasdaq has not closed under the 50-day since Dec. 2. Moving to the Dow, the blue-chip benchmark’s backdrop remains technical. As illustrated, the index is compressing between a five-week trendline and the 50-day moving average, currently 20,627. To reiterate, the Dow has ventured under the 50-day early Tuesday, reaching less-charted territory. A closing violation of the 50-day would inflict technical damage, potentially opening the path to the March low (20,412). This is notable territory, as a close lower would mark a “lower low” more firmly signaling an intermediate-term trend shift. Tactically, a deeper floor matches the January peak (20,125) and is followed by major support at the 20,000 mark. Similarly, the S&P 500’s April price action has been distinctly technical. Here again, the prevailing backdrop is capped by a five-week trendline, and underpinned by support closely matching the 50-day moving average, currently 2,349. The bigger picture Significant technical tests are underway early Tuesday, across the widely-tracked U.S. benchmarks. On a headline basis, the S&P 500 and Dow industrials have ventured under the 50-day moving average, at least intraday, while the Nasdaq Composite is retesting its corresponding level. Against this backdrop, the SPDR Trust S&P 500’s SPY, -0.12%  six-month view exemplifies the prevailing technical tension. Consider two familiar trending indicators: To start, the 20-day moving average, currently 235.46, has capped the SPY on a closing basis since March 16. Conversely, the 50-day moving average, currently 234.77, has underpinned the SPY on a closing basis since Nov. 8. These are widely-tracked near- and intermediate-term trending indicators respectively. In this case, a near-term downtrend is clashing with an intermediate-term uptrend. As a rule, the longer-term indicator gets the benefit of the doubt. Still, the distance between the two has narrowed to less than one point, and will soon force at least a mechanical move in one direction, if not a true technical break. The SPY has ventured firmly lower early Tuesday — and is vulnerable to potential technical damage — though it’s the close that matters. On further weakness, the March low, circa 231.60, marks a deeper inflection point. Meanwhile, the S&P 500 has asserted a similar posture, capped by trendline resistance and underpinned by the 50-day moving average. Fundamentally, the prevailing framework has thus far weathered two arguably bearish second-quarter catalysts. Namely, the disappointing monthly U.S. jobs report, and the U.S. missile strikes in Syria. (The Syria issue has also presented a countervailing energy-sector tailwind, partly revisited in the next section.) Still, a delayed-reaction technical break is possible, and may be underway this week. Tactically, a closing violation of major support — the S&P 2,350 area — would inflict technical damage, potentially opening the path to a more pronounced consolidation phase. The S&P has not closed under the 50-day moving average since Nov. 8. Delving deeper, an inflection point matches the March low of 2,322, and is followed by firmer (and likely last-ditch) support at the 2,300 mark. As always, it’s not just what the markets do, it’s how they do it, though a posture atop these areas likely supports a bullish bigger-picture bias. Also consider that the Russell 2000 is slightly higher Tuesday, signaling a less broadly-based, and potentially less damaging downturn. See also: Bull trend intact, S&P 500 survives latest test of 50-day average. Tuesday’s Watch List The charts below detail names that are technically well positioned. These are radar screen names — sectors or stocks poised to move in the near term. For the original comments on the stocks below, see The Technical Indicator Library. Drilling down further, the United States Oil Fund USO, +0.27% continues to take flight amid heightened geopolitical tensions. The fund tracks the price of West Texas Intermediate (WTI) light, sweet crude oil. (This marks oil’s third straight review.) As illustrated, the shares have reclaimed the 200-day moving average, currently 10.88 (in blue), an area that has matched consequential technical territory. The 200-day defined the November gaps, and punctuated the March downdraft. Moreover, the shares have reclaimed the breakdown point, technically spanning from 11.04 to 11.08. To reiterate, a sustained posture atop the 11 area strengthens the bull case. Still, while the USO’s price action has been technical, the prevailing rally is inorganic (fueled by the Syria strikes), and sustainability remains a question. A nearly immediate violation of support, the 11 area, would punctuate a reversion to the previously bearish-leaning backdrop. Amid surging crude-oil prices, the Energy Select Sector SPDR XLE, +0.01% has come to life technically. (Yield = 2.3%.) As illustrated, the group has edged atop a four-month downtrend, rising to challenge the 50- and 200-day moving averages. Still, the breakout attempt is developing amid a pending death cross, or bearish 50-day/200-day moving average crossover. Tactically, resistance spans from about 70.90 to 71.10. A close higher would signal a potential trend shift, though the group’s technical bias remains bearish pending such a move. Meanwhile, the SDPR S&P Retail ETF XRT, +0.93%  is challenging trendline resistance. Recent strength punctuates a successful test of major support matching the November low. Tactically, the trendline closely tracks the 50-day moving average, currently 42.55, a level that’s capped the group since Jan. 4. (The late-March peak rests at 42.66.) The group’s downtrend is intact pending follow-through, though this is a technical test worth tracking. Moving to specific names, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. WMT, +0.51%  is a Dow 30 component coming to life. (Yield = 2.8%.) As illustrated, the shares have edged atop well-defined resistance, reaching seven-month highs amid a volume uptick. More broadly, the shares are challenging a nearly two-year range top, matching the 200-week moving average, currently 73.27. Since July 2015, Wal-Mart has registered just three weekly closes atop the 200-week moving average, each by less than 10 cents. This area is under siege early Tuesday. A breakout opens the path to less-charted territory, and potentially material follow-through. Five Below, Inc. FIVE, +1.61% is a well positioned mid-cap specialty retailer. Late last month, the shares gapped atop the 200-day moving average, rising after the company’s strong fourth-quarter results. The ensuing flag pattern is underpinned by the 200-day, positioning the shares to extend the breakout. Best Buy Co., Inc. BBY, +0.21% is a large-cap retail name positioned to rise. Technically, the shares staged a steep late-March spike, rising to challenge nine-year highs. (The March peak missed by five cents.) The pullback from resistance has been flat, improving the chances of an eventual breakout. Near-term support matches the April low, circa 47.70, and a breakout attempt is in play barring a violation. Editor’s Note: This is a free edition of The Technical Indicator, a daily MarketWatch subscriber newsletter. To get this column each market day, click here. Still well positioned The table below includes names recently profiled in The Technical Indicator that remain well positioned. For the original comments, see The Technical Indicator Library. Company Symbol Date Profiled Skyworks Solutions, Inc. SWKS Apr. 10 Sage Therapeutics, Inc. SAGE Apr. 10 Red Hat, Inc. RHT Apr. 7 Blackhwak Network Holdings, Inc. HAWK Apr. 7 Sears Holdings Corp. SHLD Apr. 7 Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. ICE Apr. 6 Extreme Networks, Inc. EXTR Apr. 6 Cara Therapeutics, Inc. CARA Apr. 6 American Water Works Co. AWK Apr. 6 Coca-Cola Co. KO Apr. 5 iShares MSCI India ETF INDA Apr. 4 Tesla, Inc. TSLA Apr. 4 General Electric Co. GE Apr. 4 Xcerra Corp. XCRA Apr. 4 Motorola Solutions, Inc. MSI Apr. 3 Spirit Airlines, Inc. SAVE Apr. 3 Lumber Liquidators, Inc. LL Apr. 3 Microsoft Corp. MSFT Mar. 31 UnitedHealth Group, Inc. UNH Mar. 31 Brooks Automation, Inc. BRKS Mar. 31 YPF, Inc. YPF Mar. 31 Pepsico, Inc. PEP Mar. 29 Scientific Games Corp. SGMS Mar. 29 iShares MSCI Hong Kong ETF EWH Mar. 24 Cerner Corp. CERN Mar. 24 Citrix Systems, Inc. CTXS Mar. 24 Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. FOLD Mar. 24 Oracle Corp. ORCL Mar. 23 Universal Display Corp. OLED Mar. 21 iShares MSCI All Country Asia ex Japan ETF AAXJ Mar. 21 iShares MSCI Australia ETF EWA Mar. 20 Check Point Software Technologies CHKP Mar. 17 Zebra Technologies Corp. ZBRA Mar. 17 iShares MSCI South Korea ETF EWY Mar. 16 Momo, Inc. MOMO Mar. 15 Himax Technologies, Inc. HIMX Mar. 15 Burlington Stores, Inc. BURL Mar. 15 Veeva Systems, Inc. VEEV Mar. 14 Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. MXIM Mar. 14 SPDR S&P Homebuilders ETF XHB Mar. 13 Builders FirstSource, Inc. BLDR Mar. 13 Verint Systems, Inc. VRNT Mar. 13 Silicon Motion Technology Corp. SIMO Mar. 10 Celgene Corp. CELG Mar. 10 Ctrip.com International, Ltd. CTRP Mar. 10 Arista Networks, Inc. ANET Mar. 8 Amkor Technology, Inc. AMKR Mar.7 Activision Blizzard, Inc. ATVI Mar.7 58.com, Inc. WUBA Mar.7 Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. PCRX Mar. 6 Square, Inc. SQ Mar. 3 Idexx Laboratories, Inc. IDXX Mar. 1 Ternium S.A. TX Mar. 1 Wyndham Worldwide Corp. WYN Mar. 1 Marriott International, Inc. MAR Feb. 28 Toll Brothers, Inc. TOL Feb. 28 Lumentum Holdings, Inc. LITE Feb. 28 3M Co. MMM Feb. 27 Paycom Software, Inc. PAYC Feb. 24 YY, Inc. YY Feb. 23 Facebook, Inc. FB Feb. 23 Latam Airlines Group LFL Feb. 23 Sony Corp. SNE Feb. 17 iShares MSCI Brazil ETF EWZ Feb. 16 SPDR S&P Biotech ETF XBI Feb. 15 Fortinet, Inc. FTNT Feb. 15 MSCI, Inc. MSCI Feb. 15 Eaton Corp. ETN Feb. 14 Microchip Technology, Inc. MCHP Feb. 13 iShares U.S. Home Construction ETF ITB Feb. 13 PulteGroup, Inc. PHM Feb. 13 Owens Corning OC Feb. 13 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. SWKS Feb. 10 Wix.com Ltd. WIX Feb. 9 CBOE Holdings, Inc. CBOE Feb. 8 Boeing Co. BA Feb. 7 JD.com JD Feb. 7 Rockwell Automation, Inc. ROK Feb. 6 Lennar Corp. LEN Feb. 6 McDonald’s Corp. MCD Feb. 3 Xerox Corp. XRX Feb. 3 Celanese Corp. CE Feb. 2 Dr. Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. DPS Feb. 1 Kimberly-Clark Corp. KMB Feb. 1 Texas Instruments, Inc. TXN Jan. 31 Analog Devices, Inc. ADI Jan. 30 Exact Sciences Corp. EXAS Jan. 30 KB Home KBH Jan. 27 iShares China Large-Cap ETF FXI Jan. 27 iShares Europe ETF IEV Jan. 26 iShares India 50 ETF INDY Jan. 26 Home Depot, Inc. HD Jan. 24 Adobe Systems, Inc. ADBE Jan. 24 Fastenal Co. FAST Jan. 23 Global Payments, Inc. GPN Jan. 20 Shopify, Inc. SHOP Jan. 20 Cognex Corp. CGNX Jan. 19 Agilent Technologies, Inc. A Jan. 19 NetEase, Inc. NTES Jan. 18 MaxLinear, Inc. MXL Jan. 18 Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. AEIS Jan. 17 Amazon.com AMZN Jan. 13 Anthem, Inc. ANTM Jan. 13 iShares MSCI Emerging Markets ETF EEM Jan. 11 Digital Realty Trust, Inc. DLR Jan. 11 Alphabet, Inc. GOOGL Jan. 9 Alibaba Group Holding Limited BABA Jan. 5 ASML Holding N.V. ASML Jan. 3 AutoDesk, Inc. ADSK Dec. 20 Cavium, Inc. CAVM Dec. 20 ON Semiconductor Corp. ON Dec. 19 Clorox Co. CLX Dec. 19 Broadcom Limited AVGO Dec. 14 Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. TTWO Dec. 14 Emerson Electric Co. EMR Dec. 14 Apple, Inc. AAPL Dec. 9 Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. NXST Dec. 7 Dow Chemical Co. DOW Dec. 6 Walt Disney Co. DIS Dec. 6 Consumer Discretionary SPDR XLY Dec. 5 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. AMD Nov. 30 Western Digital Corp. WDC Nov. 29 NetApp, Inc. NTAP Nov. 28 Cummins, Inc. CMI Nov. 28 International Business Machines Corp. IBM Nov. 22 Incyte Corp. INCY Nov. 22 Applied Materials, Inc. AMAT Nov. 18 VMware, Inc. VMW Nov. 18 Financial Select Sector SPDR XLF Nov. 8 T-Mobile US, Inc. TMUS Nov. 8 Teradyne, Inc. TER Nov. 8 Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. LECO Nov. 7 American Express Co. AXP Nov. 1 Technology Select Sector SPDR XLK Oct. 25 Lam Research Corp. LRCX Oct. 20 Copa Holdings CPA Oct. 18 Netflix, Inc. NFLX Oct. 4 Westlake Chemical Corp. WLK Sept. 30 Prudential Financial, Inc. PRU Sept. 16 iShares Transportation Average IYT Sept. 8 Deere & Co. DE Sept. 7 TowerJazz TSEM Aug. 19 Microsoft Corp. MSFT Aug. 5 Sprint Corp. S Aug. 5 Micron Technology, Inc. MU Aug. 2 CSX Corp. CSX July 20 PowerShares QQQ ETF QQQ July 19 Industrial Select Sector SPDR XLI July 15 Materials Select Sector SPDR XLB July 15 VanEck Vectors Semiconductor ETF SMH June 23 SPDR S&P Metals & Mining ETF XME Feb. 5 More from MarketWatch White House says removal of passenger from United Airlines was troubling Mixed Messages: Emoji Don't Always Mean What You Think Syria Strikes: Does Trump Need Approval from Congress? Related Topics Investing U.S. Stocks Mutual Funds Exchange Traded Funds Options Center Bonds Quote References SPX -3.38 -0.14% DJIA -6.72 -0.03% SPY -0.28 -0.12% USO +0.03 +0.27% XLE +0.01 +0.01% XRT +0.39 +0.93% WMT +0.37 +0.51% FIVE +0.72 +1.61% BBY +0.10 +0.21% Show all references Most Popular United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ Warren Buffett’s big bet on United Airlines could be costing him millions These airlines bump the most passengers involuntarily (United isn’t No. 1) Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple store Michael Ashbaugh Michael Ashbaugh writes technical analysis for MarketWatch and is editor of MarketWatch's "The Technical Indicator" newsletter. MarketWatch Partner Center Michael Ashbaugh Michael Ashbaugh writes technical analysis for MarketWatch and is editor of MarketWatch's "The Technical Indicator" newsletter. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,353.78 -3.38 (-0.14%) Volume 1.8B Open 2,354 High 2,355 Low 2,337 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,651.30 -6.72 (-0.03%) Volume 255.1M Open 20,644 High 20,660 Low 20,513 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust U.S.: NYSE Arca: SPY $235.06 -0.28 (-0.12%) Volume 80.0M Open $234.90 High $235.18 Low $233.34 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.76 Market Cap N/A United States Oil Fund LP U.S.: NYSE Arca: USO $11.17 +0.03 (+0.27%) Volume 23.9M Open $11.13 High $11.21 Low $11.06 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Energy Select Sector SPDR ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XLE $70.90 +0.01 (+0.01%) Volume 13.8M Open $71.00 High $71.03 Low $70.14 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.36 Market Cap N/A SPDR S&P Retail ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XRT $42.50 +0.39 (+0.93%) Volume 5.3M Open $42.04 High $42.50 Low $41.88 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.02 Market Cap N/A Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $73.43 +0.37 (+0.51%) Volume 5.6M Open $73.00 High $73.45 Low $72.93 P/E Ratio 16.73 Div Yield 2.78 Market Cap 221.6B Five Below Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: FIVE $45.50 +0.72 (+1.61%) Volume 772.1K Open $44.73 High $45.52 Low $44.56 P/E Ratio 35 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.5B Best Buy Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: BBY $48.65 +0.10 (+0.21%) Volume 2.7M Open $48.58 High $48.78 Low $48.17 P/E Ratio 12.7 Div Yield 2.8 Market Cap 15.0B
Latest News Dow 20,651 -6.72 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,867 -14.15 -0.24% S&P 500 2,354 -3.38 -0.14% 2:56 A.M. ET WH Smith logs 4% growth in pretax profit 2:55 A.M. ET Tesco posts 30% rise in adjusted operating profit 2:51 A.M. ET Updated United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap 2:21 A.M. ET Updated How to dazzle voters on the campaign trail? Upstart French candidate turns to holograms 12:02 A.M. ET This is the one place in America where even doctors can’t buy a home 12:01 A.M. ET Millennials are too forgetful to redeem their credit card points 4/11 KPMG partners fired over ethics breach 4/11 Asian markets slip as yen hits 5-month high 4/11 Trump to lift federal hiring freeze Wednesday 4/11 Updated Republican wins surprisingly close Kansas congressional election 4/11 Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ 4/11 Elliott attempting to oust Azko board chairman 4/11 China's consumer inflation rises in March 4/11 Japan machinery orders rebound in February 4/11 Agent Provocateur's U.S. unit files chapter 11 4/11 Tesla investors seek more independent board members 4/11 Fox News host Bill O'Reilly announces vacation amid advertiser revolt 4/11 Updated FBI had FISA warrant to snoop on ex-Trump adviser Carter Page: report 4/11 Samsung Galaxy S8’s ‘virtual assistant’ won’t be ready for U.S. launch 4/11 PC companies must sell to businesses or die, but what about Apple? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets The Technical Indicator Get email alerts Charting a tenuous technical backdrop, S&P 500 ventures under major support By Michael Ashbaugh Published: Apr 11, 2017 12:50 p.m. ET Share Focus: Crude oil takes flight, Energy and retail sectors reach trendline resistance, USO, XLE, XRT, WMT, FIVE, BBY By MichaelAshbaugh Technicals columnist Editor’s Note: This is a free edition of The Technical Indicator, a daily MarketWatch subscriber newsletter. To get this column each market day, click here. Technically speaking, major tests are taking shape this week across the widely-tracked U.S. benchmarks. Consider that S&P 500 and Dow industrials have ventured under the 50-day moving average early Tuesday — areas that have defined the bull trend since November — placing each benchmark in less-charted territory. The downturn raises flag to a potential trend shift, and its aggressiveness is worth tracking. Before detailing the U.S. markets’ wider view, the S&P 500’s SPX, -0.14%  hourly chart highlights the past two weeks. As illustrated, the S&P’s near-term range is well-defined. The 50-day moving average, currently 2,349.4, closely matches the 2,351 support. The S&P has ventured under support Tuesday, though as always, it’s the close that matters. On further weakness, a deeper floor matches the March low of 2,322. Similarly, the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.03% has established a tight near-term range. Here again, the 50-day moving average, currently 20,627, matches major technical support. The Dow has ventured firmly lower early Tuesday, reaching less-charted territory, better illustrated on the daily chart. Meanwhile, the Nasdaq Composite’s backdrop is slightly stronger. The index tagged a nominal record high last week, and the immediate pullback had been flat, underpinned by support matching the February peak. Widening the view to six months adds perspective. On this wider view, the Nasdaq has established a tight April range just under record territory. Recall that the range top has recently capped two bearish reversals, including the March 21 session, a massive 7-to-1 down day. (A “down day” means that declining volume surpassed advancing volume by the given margin.) On further weakness, the 50-day moving average, currently 5,823, is closely followed by support matching the 5,800 mark. The Nasdaq has not closed under the 50-day since Dec. 2. Moving to the Dow, the blue-chip benchmark’s backdrop remains technical. As illustrated, the index is compressing between a five-week trendline and the 50-day moving average, currently 20,627. To reiterate, the Dow has ventured under the 50-day early Tuesday, reaching less-charted territory. A closing violation of the 50-day would inflict technical damage, potentially opening the path to the March low (20,412). This is notable territory, as a close lower would mark a “lower low” more firmly signaling an intermediate-term trend shift. Tactically, a deeper floor matches the January peak (20,125) and is followed by major support at the 20,000 mark. Similarly, the S&P 500’s April price action has been distinctly technical. Here again, the prevailing backdrop is capped by a five-week trendline, and underpinned by support closely matching the 50-day moving average, currently 2,349. The bigger picture Significant technical tests are underway early Tuesday, across the widely-tracked U.S. benchmarks. On a headline basis, the S&P 500 and Dow industrials have ventured under the 50-day moving average, at least intraday, while the Nasdaq Composite is retesting its corresponding level. Against this backdrop, the SPDR Trust S&P 500’s SPY, -0.12%  six-month view exemplifies the prevailing technical tension. Consider two familiar trending indicators: To start, the 20-day moving average, currently 235.46, has capped the SPY on a closing basis since March 16. Conversely, the 50-day moving average, currently 234.77, has underpinned the SPY on a closing basis since Nov. 8. These are widely-tracked near- and intermediate-term trending indicators respectively. In this case, a near-term downtrend is clashing with an intermediate-term uptrend. As a rule, the longer-term indicator gets the benefit of the doubt. Still, the distance between the two has narrowed to less than one point, and will soon force at least a mechanical move in one direction, if not a true technical break. The SPY has ventured firmly lower early Tuesday — and is vulnerable to potential technical damage — though it’s the close that matters. On further weakness, the March low, circa 231.60, marks a deeper inflection point. Meanwhile, the S&P 500 has asserted a similar posture, capped by trendline resistance and underpinned by the 50-day moving average. Fundamentally, the prevailing framework has thus far weathered two arguably bearish second-quarter catalysts. Namely, the disappointing monthly U.S. jobs report, and the U.S. missile strikes in Syria. (The Syria issue has also presented a countervailing energy-sector tailwind, partly revisited in the next section.) Still, a delayed-reaction technical break is possible, and may be underway this week. Tactically, a closing violation of major support — the S&P 2,350 area — would inflict technical damage, potentially opening the path to a more pronounced consolidation phase. The S&P has not closed under the 50-day moving average since Nov. 8. Delving deeper, an inflection point matches the March low of 2,322, and is followed by firmer (and likely last-ditch) support at the 2,300 mark. As always, it’s not just what the markets do, it’s how they do it, though a posture atop these areas likely supports a bullish bigger-picture bias. Also consider that the Russell 2000 is slightly higher Tuesday, signaling a less broadly-based, and potentially less damaging downturn. See also: Bull trend intact, S&P 500 survives latest test of 50-day average. Tuesday’s Watch List The charts below detail names that are technically well positioned. These are radar screen names — sectors or stocks poised to move in the near term. For the original comments on the stocks below, see The Technical Indicator Library. Drilling down further, the United States Oil Fund USO, +0.27% continues to take flight amid heightened geopolitical tensions. The fund tracks the price of West Texas Intermediate (WTI) light, sweet crude oil. (This marks oil’s third straight review.) As illustrated, the shares have reclaimed the 200-day moving average, currently 10.88 (in blue), an area that has matched consequential technical territory. The 200-day defined the November gaps, and punctuated the March downdraft. Moreover, the shares have reclaimed the breakdown point, technically spanning from 11.04 to 11.08. To reiterate, a sustained posture atop the 11 area strengthens the bull case. Still, while the USO’s price action has been technical, the prevailing rally is inorganic (fueled by the Syria strikes), and sustainability remains a question. A nearly immediate violation of support, the 11 area, would punctuate a reversion to the previously bearish-leaning backdrop. Amid surging crude-oil prices, the Energy Select Sector SPDR XLE, +0.01% has come to life technically. (Yield = 2.3%.) As illustrated, the group has edged atop a four-month downtrend, rising to challenge the 50- and 200-day moving averages. Still, the breakout attempt is developing amid a pending death cross, or bearish 50-day/200-day moving average crossover. Tactically, resistance spans from about 70.90 to 71.10. A close higher would signal a potential trend shift, though the group’s technical bias remains bearish pending such a move. Meanwhile, the SDPR S&P Retail ETF XRT, +0.93%  is challenging trendline resistance. Recent strength punctuates a successful test of major support matching the November low. Tactically, the trendline closely tracks the 50-day moving average, currently 42.55, a level that’s capped the group since Jan. 4. (The late-March peak rests at 42.66.) The group’s downtrend is intact pending follow-through, though this is a technical test worth tracking. Moving to specific names, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. WMT, +0.51%  is a Dow 30 component coming to life. (Yield = 2.8%.) As illustrated, the shares have edged atop well-defined resistance, reaching seven-month highs amid a volume uptick. More broadly, the shares are challenging a nearly two-year range top, matching the 200-week moving average, currently 73.27. Since July 2015, Wal-Mart has registered just three weekly closes atop the 200-week moving average, each by less than 10 cents. This area is under siege early Tuesday. A breakout opens the path to less-charted territory, and potentially material follow-through. Five Below, Inc. FIVE, +1.61% is a well positioned mid-cap specialty retailer. Late last month, the shares gapped atop the 200-day moving average, rising after the company’s strong fourth-quarter results. The ensuing flag pattern is underpinned by the 200-day, positioning the shares to extend the breakout. Best Buy Co., Inc. BBY, +0.21% is a large-cap retail name positioned to rise. Technically, the shares staged a steep late-March spike, rising to challenge nine-year highs. (The March peak missed by five cents.) The pullback from resistance has been flat, improving the chances of an eventual breakout. Near-term support matches the April low, circa 47.70, and a breakout attempt is in play barring a violation. Editor’s Note: This is a free edition of The Technical Indicator, a daily MarketWatch subscriber newsletter. To get this column each market day, click here. Still well positioned The table below includes names recently profiled in The Technical Indicator that remain well positioned. For the original comments, see The Technical Indicator Library. Company Symbol Date Profiled Skyworks Solutions, Inc. SWKS Apr. 10 Sage Therapeutics, Inc. SAGE Apr. 10 Red Hat, Inc. RHT Apr. 7 Blackhwak Network Holdings, Inc. HAWK Apr. 7 Sears Holdings Corp. SHLD Apr. 7 Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. ICE Apr. 6 Extreme Networks, Inc. EXTR Apr. 6 Cara Therapeutics, Inc. CARA Apr. 6 American Water Works Co. AWK Apr. 6 Coca-Cola Co. KO Apr. 5 iShares MSCI India ETF INDA Apr. 4 Tesla, Inc. TSLA Apr. 4 General Electric Co. GE Apr. 4 Xcerra Corp. XCRA Apr. 4 Motorola Solutions, Inc. MSI Apr. 3 Spirit Airlines, Inc. SAVE Apr. 3 Lumber Liquidators, Inc. LL Apr. 3 Microsoft Corp. MSFT Mar. 31 UnitedHealth Group, Inc. UNH Mar. 31 Brooks Automation, Inc. BRKS Mar. 31 YPF, Inc. YPF Mar. 31 Pepsico, Inc. PEP Mar. 29 Scientific Games Corp. SGMS Mar. 29 iShares MSCI Hong Kong ETF EWH Mar. 24 Cerner Corp. CERN Mar. 24 Citrix Systems, Inc. CTXS Mar. 24 Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. FOLD Mar. 24 Oracle Corp. ORCL Mar. 23 Universal Display Corp. OLED Mar. 21 iShares MSCI All Country Asia ex Japan ETF AAXJ Mar. 21 iShares MSCI Australia ETF EWA Mar. 20 Check Point Software Technologies CHKP Mar. 17 Zebra Technologies Corp. ZBRA Mar. 17 iShares MSCI South Korea ETF EWY Mar. 16 Momo, Inc. MOMO Mar. 15 Himax Technologies, Inc. HIMX Mar. 15 Burlington Stores, Inc. BURL Mar. 15 Veeva Systems, Inc. VEEV Mar. 14 Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. MXIM Mar. 14 SPDR S&P Homebuilders ETF XHB Mar. 13 Builders FirstSource, Inc. BLDR Mar. 13 Verint Systems, Inc. VRNT Mar. 13 Silicon Motion Technology Corp. SIMO Mar. 10 Celgene Corp. CELG Mar. 10 Ctrip.com International, Ltd. CTRP Mar. 10 Arista Networks, Inc. ANET Mar. 8 Amkor Technology, Inc. AMKR Mar.7 Activision Blizzard, Inc. ATVI Mar.7 58.com, Inc. WUBA Mar.7 Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. PCRX Mar. 6 Square, Inc. SQ Mar. 3 Idexx Laboratories, Inc. IDXX Mar. 1 Ternium S.A. TX Mar. 1 Wyndham Worldwide Corp. WYN Mar. 1 Marriott International, Inc. MAR Feb. 28 Toll Brothers, Inc. TOL Feb. 28 Lumentum Holdings, Inc. LITE Feb. 28 3M Co. MMM Feb. 27 Paycom Software, Inc. PAYC Feb. 24 YY, Inc. YY Feb. 23 Facebook, Inc. FB Feb. 23 Latam Airlines Group LFL Feb. 23 Sony Corp. SNE Feb. 17 iShares MSCI Brazil ETF EWZ Feb. 16 SPDR S&P Biotech ETF XBI Feb. 15 Fortinet, Inc. FTNT Feb. 15 MSCI, Inc. MSCI Feb. 15 Eaton Corp. ETN Feb. 14 Microchip Technology, Inc. MCHP Feb. 13 iShares U.S. Home Construction ETF ITB Feb. 13 PulteGroup, Inc. PHM Feb. 13 Owens Corning OC Feb. 13 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. SWKS Feb. 10 Wix.com Ltd. WIX Feb. 9 CBOE Holdings, Inc. CBOE Feb. 8 Boeing Co. BA Feb. 7 JD.com JD Feb. 7 Rockwell Automation, Inc. ROK Feb. 6 Lennar Corp. LEN Feb. 6 McDonald’s Corp. MCD Feb. 3 Xerox Corp. XRX Feb. 3 Celanese Corp. CE Feb. 2 Dr. Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. DPS Feb. 1 Kimberly-Clark Corp. KMB Feb. 1 Texas Instruments, Inc. TXN Jan. 31 Analog Devices, Inc. ADI Jan. 30 Exact Sciences Corp. EXAS Jan. 30 KB Home KBH Jan. 27 iShares China Large-Cap ETF FXI Jan. 27 iShares Europe ETF IEV Jan. 26 iShares India 50 ETF INDY Jan. 26 Home Depot, Inc. HD Jan. 24 Adobe Systems, Inc. ADBE Jan. 24 Fastenal Co. FAST Jan. 23 Global Payments, Inc. GPN Jan. 20 Shopify, Inc. SHOP Jan. 20 Cognex Corp. CGNX Jan. 19 Agilent Technologies, Inc. A Jan. 19 NetEase, Inc. NTES Jan. 18 MaxLinear, Inc. MXL Jan. 18 Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. AEIS Jan. 17 Amazon.com AMZN Jan. 13 Anthem, Inc. ANTM Jan. 13 iShares MSCI Emerging Markets ETF EEM Jan. 11 Digital Realty Trust, Inc. DLR Jan. 11 Alphabet, Inc. GOOGL Jan. 9 Alibaba Group Holding Limited BABA Jan. 5 ASML Holding N.V. ASML Jan. 3 AutoDesk, Inc. ADSK Dec. 20 Cavium, Inc. CAVM Dec. 20 ON Semiconductor Corp. ON Dec. 19 Clorox Co. CLX Dec. 19 Broadcom Limited AVGO Dec. 14 Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. TTWO Dec. 14 Emerson Electric Co. EMR Dec. 14 Apple, Inc. AAPL Dec. 9 Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. NXST Dec. 7 Dow Chemical Co. DOW Dec. 6 Walt Disney Co. DIS Dec. 6 Consumer Discretionary SPDR XLY Dec. 5 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. AMD Nov. 30 Western Digital Corp. WDC Nov. 29 NetApp, Inc. NTAP Nov. 28 Cummins, Inc. CMI Nov. 28 International Business Machines Corp. IBM Nov. 22 Incyte Corp. INCY Nov. 22 Applied Materials, Inc. AMAT Nov. 18 VMware, Inc. VMW Nov. 18 Financial Select Sector SPDR XLF Nov. 8 T-Mobile US, Inc. TMUS Nov. 8 Teradyne, Inc. TER Nov. 8 Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. LECO Nov. 7 American Express Co. AXP Nov. 1 Technology Select Sector SPDR XLK Oct. 25 Lam Research Corp. LRCX Oct. 20 Copa Holdings CPA Oct. 18 Netflix, Inc. NFLX Oct. 4 Westlake Chemical Corp. WLK Sept. 30 Prudential Financial, Inc. PRU Sept. 16 iShares Transportation Average IYT Sept. 8 Deere & Co. DE Sept. 7 TowerJazz TSEM Aug. 19 Microsoft Corp. MSFT Aug. 5 Sprint Corp. S Aug. 5 Micron Technology, Inc. MU Aug. 2 CSX Corp. CSX July 20 PowerShares QQQ ETF QQQ July 19 Industrial Select Sector SPDR XLI July 15 Materials Select Sector SPDR XLB July 15 VanEck Vectors Semiconductor ETF SMH June 23 SPDR S&P Metals & Mining ETF XME Feb. 5 More from MarketWatch Senate Goes "Nuclear:" How It Happened The Financial Lesson in a $1 Hot Dog KPMG partners fired over ethics breach Related Topics Investing U.S. Stocks Mutual Funds Exchange Traded Funds Options Center Bonds Quote References SPX -3.38 -0.14% DJIA -6.72 -0.03% SPY -0.28 -0.12% USO +0.03 +0.27% XLE +0.01 +0.01% XRT +0.39 +0.93% WMT +0.37 +0.51% FIVE +0.72 +1.61% BBY +0.10 +0.21% Show all references Most Popular United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ Warren Buffett’s big bet on United Airlines could be costing him millions These airlines bump the most passengers involuntarily (United isn’t No. 1) Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple store Michael Ashbaugh Michael Ashbaugh writes technical analysis for MarketWatch and is editor of MarketWatch's "The Technical Indicator" newsletter. MarketWatch Partner Center Michael Ashbaugh Michael Ashbaugh writes technical analysis for MarketWatch and is editor of MarketWatch's "The Technical Indicator" newsletter. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,353.78 -3.38 (-0.14%) Volume 1.8B Open 2,354 High 2,355 Low 2,337 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,651.30 -6.72 (-0.03%) Volume 255.1M Open 20,644 High 20,660 Low 20,513 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust U.S.: NYSE Arca: SPY $235.06 -0.28 (-0.12%) Volume 80.0M Open $234.90 High $235.18 Low $233.34 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.76 Market Cap N/A United States Oil Fund LP U.S.: NYSE Arca: USO $11.17 +0.03 (+0.27%) Volume 23.9M Open $11.13 High $11.21 Low $11.06 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Energy Select Sector SPDR ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XLE $70.90 +0.01 (+0.01%) Volume 13.8M Open $71.00 High $71.03 Low $70.14 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.36 Market Cap N/A SPDR S&P Retail ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XRT $42.50 +0.39 (+0.93%) Volume 5.3M Open $42.04 High $42.50 Low $41.88 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.02 Market Cap N/A Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $73.43 +0.37 (+0.51%) Volume 5.6M Open $73.00 High $73.45 Low $72.93 P/E Ratio 16.73 Div Yield 2.78 Market Cap 221.6B Five Below Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: FIVE $45.50 +0.72 (+1.61%) Volume 772.1K Open $44.73 High $45.52 Low $44.56 P/E Ratio 35 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.5B Best Buy Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: BBY $48.65 +0.10 (+0.21%) Volume 2.7M Open $48.58 High $48.78 Low $48.17 P/E Ratio 12.7 Div Yield 2.8 Market Cap 15.0B
Latest News Dow 20,651 -6.72 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,867 -14.15 -0.24% S&P 500 2,354 -3.38 -0.14% 2:56 A.M. ET WH Smith logs 4% growth in pretax profit 2:55 A.M. ET Tesco posts 30% rise in adjusted operating profit 2:51 A.M. ET Updated United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap 2:21 A.M. ET Updated How to dazzle voters on the campaign trail? Upstart French candidate turns to holograms 12:02 A.M. ET This is the one place in America where even doctors can’t buy a home 12:01 A.M. ET Millennials are too forgetful to redeem their credit card points 4/11 KPMG partners fired over ethics breach 4/11 Asian markets slip as yen hits 5-month high 4/11 Trump to lift federal hiring freeze Wednesday 4/11 Updated Republican wins surprisingly close Kansas congressional election 4/11 Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ 4/11 Elliott attempting to oust Azko board chairman 4/11 China's consumer inflation rises in March 4/11 Japan machinery orders rebound in February 4/11 Agent Provocateur's U.S. unit files chapter 11 4/11 Tesla investors seek more independent board members 4/11 Fox News host Bill O'Reilly announces vacation amid advertiser revolt 4/11 Updated FBI had FISA warrant to snoop on ex-Trump adviser Carter Page: report 4/11 Samsung Galaxy S8’s ‘virtual assistant’ won’t be ready for U.S. launch 4/11 PC companies must sell to businesses or die, but what about Apple? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets The Technical Indicator Get email alerts Charting a tenuous technical backdrop, S&P 500 ventures under major support By Michael Ashbaugh Published: Apr 11, 2017 12:50 p.m. ET Share Focus: Crude oil takes flight, Energy and retail sectors reach trendline resistance, USO, XLE, XRT, WMT, FIVE, BBY By MichaelAshbaugh Technicals columnist Editor’s Note: This is a free edition of The Technical Indicator, a daily MarketWatch subscriber newsletter. To get this column each market day, click here. Technically speaking, major tests are taking shape this week across the widely-tracked U.S. benchmarks. Consider that S&P 500 and Dow industrials have ventured under the 50-day moving average early Tuesday — areas that have defined the bull trend since November — placing each benchmark in less-charted territory. The downturn raises flag to a potential trend shift, and its aggressiveness is worth tracking. Before detailing the U.S. markets’ wider view, the S&P 500’s SPX, -0.14%  hourly chart highlights the past two weeks. As illustrated, the S&P’s near-term range is well-defined. The 50-day moving average, currently 2,349.4, closely matches the 2,351 support. The S&P has ventured under support Tuesday, though as always, it’s the close that matters. On further weakness, a deeper floor matches the March low of 2,322. Similarly, the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.03% has established a tight near-term range. Here again, the 50-day moving average, currently 20,627, matches major technical support. The Dow has ventured firmly lower early Tuesday, reaching less-charted territory, better illustrated on the daily chart. Meanwhile, the Nasdaq Composite’s backdrop is slightly stronger. The index tagged a nominal record high last week, and the immediate pullback had been flat, underpinned by support matching the February peak. Widening the view to six months adds perspective. On this wider view, the Nasdaq has established a tight April range just under record territory. Recall that the range top has recently capped two bearish reversals, including the March 21 session, a massive 7-to-1 down day. (A “down day” means that declining volume surpassed advancing volume by the given margin.) On further weakness, the 50-day moving average, currently 5,823, is closely followed by support matching the 5,800 mark. The Nasdaq has not closed under the 50-day since Dec. 2. Moving to the Dow, the blue-chip benchmark’s backdrop remains technical. As illustrated, the index is compressing between a five-week trendline and the 50-day moving average, currently 20,627. To reiterate, the Dow has ventured under the 50-day early Tuesday, reaching less-charted territory. A closing violation of the 50-day would inflict technical damage, potentially opening the path to the March low (20,412). This is notable territory, as a close lower would mark a “lower low” more firmly signaling an intermediate-term trend shift. Tactically, a deeper floor matches the January peak (20,125) and is followed by major support at the 20,000 mark. Similarly, the S&P 500’s April price action has been distinctly technical. Here again, the prevailing backdrop is capped by a five-week trendline, and underpinned by support closely matching the 50-day moving average, currently 2,349. The bigger picture Significant technical tests are underway early Tuesday, across the widely-tracked U.S. benchmarks. On a headline basis, the S&P 500 and Dow industrials have ventured under the 50-day moving average, at least intraday, while the Nasdaq Composite is retesting its corresponding level. Against this backdrop, the SPDR Trust S&P 500’s SPY, -0.12%  six-month view exemplifies the prevailing technical tension. Consider two familiar trending indicators: To start, the 20-day moving average, currently 235.46, has capped the SPY on a closing basis since March 16. Conversely, the 50-day moving average, currently 234.77, has underpinned the SPY on a closing basis since Nov. 8. These are widely-tracked near- and intermediate-term trending indicators respectively. In this case, a near-term downtrend is clashing with an intermediate-term uptrend. As a rule, the longer-term indicator gets the benefit of the doubt. Still, the distance between the two has narrowed to less than one point, and will soon force at least a mechanical move in one direction, if not a true technical break. The SPY has ventured firmly lower early Tuesday — and is vulnerable to potential technical damage — though it’s the close that matters. On further weakness, the March low, circa 231.60, marks a deeper inflection point. Meanwhile, the S&P 500 has asserted a similar posture, capped by trendline resistance and underpinned by the 50-day moving average. Fundamentally, the prevailing framework has thus far weathered two arguably bearish second-quarter catalysts. Namely, the disappointing monthly U.S. jobs report, and the U.S. missile strikes in Syria. (The Syria issue has also presented a countervailing energy-sector tailwind, partly revisited in the next section.) Still, a delayed-reaction technical break is possible, and may be underway this week. Tactically, a closing violation of major support — the S&P 2,350 area — would inflict technical damage, potentially opening the path to a more pronounced consolidation phase. The S&P has not closed under the 50-day moving average since Nov. 8. Delving deeper, an inflection point matches the March low of 2,322, and is followed by firmer (and likely last-ditch) support at the 2,300 mark. As always, it’s not just what the markets do, it’s how they do it, though a posture atop these areas likely supports a bullish bigger-picture bias. Also consider that the Russell 2000 is slightly higher Tuesday, signaling a less broadly-based, and potentially less damaging downturn. See also: Bull trend intact, S&P 500 survives latest test of 50-day average. Tuesday’s Watch List The charts below detail names that are technically well positioned. These are radar screen names — sectors or stocks poised to move in the near term. For the original comments on the stocks below, see The Technical Indicator Library. Drilling down further, the United States Oil Fund USO, +0.27% continues to take flight amid heightened geopolitical tensions. The fund tracks the price of West Texas Intermediate (WTI) light, sweet crude oil. (This marks oil’s third straight review.) As illustrated, the shares have reclaimed the 200-day moving average, currently 10.88 (in blue), an area that has matched consequential technical territory. The 200-day defined the November gaps, and punctuated the March downdraft. Moreover, the shares have reclaimed the breakdown point, technically spanning from 11.04 to 11.08. To reiterate, a sustained posture atop the 11 area strengthens the bull case. Still, while the USO’s price action has been technical, the prevailing rally is inorganic (fueled by the Syria strikes), and sustainability remains a question. A nearly immediate violation of support, the 11 area, would punctuate a reversion to the previously bearish-leaning backdrop. Amid surging crude-oil prices, the Energy Select Sector SPDR XLE, +0.01% has come to life technically. (Yield = 2.3%.) As illustrated, the group has edged atop a four-month downtrend, rising to challenge the 50- and 200-day moving averages. Still, the breakout attempt is developing amid a pending death cross, or bearish 50-day/200-day moving average crossover. Tactically, resistance spans from about 70.90 to 71.10. A close higher would signal a potential trend shift, though the group’s technical bias remains bearish pending such a move. Meanwhile, the SDPR S&P Retail ETF XRT, +0.93%  is challenging trendline resistance. Recent strength punctuates a successful test of major support matching the November low. Tactically, the trendline closely tracks the 50-day moving average, currently 42.55, a level that’s capped the group since Jan. 4. (The late-March peak rests at 42.66.) The group’s downtrend is intact pending follow-through, though this is a technical test worth tracking. Moving to specific names, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. WMT, +0.51%  is a Dow 30 component coming to life. (Yield = 2.8%.) As illustrated, the shares have edged atop well-defined resistance, reaching seven-month highs amid a volume uptick. More broadly, the shares are challenging a nearly two-year range top, matching the 200-week moving average, currently 73.27. Since July 2015, Wal-Mart has registered just three weekly closes atop the 200-week moving average, each by less than 10 cents. This area is under siege early Tuesday. A breakout opens the path to less-charted territory, and potentially material follow-through. Five Below, Inc. FIVE, +1.61% is a well positioned mid-cap specialty retailer. Late last month, the shares gapped atop the 200-day moving average, rising after the company’s strong fourth-quarter results. The ensuing flag pattern is underpinned by the 200-day, positioning the shares to extend the breakout. Best Buy Co., Inc. BBY, +0.21% is a large-cap retail name positioned to rise. Technically, the shares staged a steep late-March spike, rising to challenge nine-year highs. (The March peak missed by five cents.) The pullback from resistance has been flat, improving the chances of an eventual breakout. Near-term support matches the April low, circa 47.70, and a breakout attempt is in play barring a violation. Editor’s Note: This is a free edition of The Technical Indicator, a daily MarketWatch subscriber newsletter. To get this column each market day, click here. Still well positioned The table below includes names recently profiled in The Technical Indicator that remain well positioned. For the original comments, see The Technical Indicator Library. Company Symbol Date Profiled Skyworks Solutions, Inc. SWKS Apr. 10 Sage Therapeutics, Inc. SAGE Apr. 10 Red Hat, Inc. RHT Apr. 7 Blackhwak Network Holdings, Inc. HAWK Apr. 7 Sears Holdings Corp. SHLD Apr. 7 Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. ICE Apr. 6 Extreme Networks, Inc. EXTR Apr. 6 Cara Therapeutics, Inc. CARA Apr. 6 American Water Works Co. AWK Apr. 6 Coca-Cola Co. KO Apr. 5 iShares MSCI India ETF INDA Apr. 4 Tesla, Inc. TSLA Apr. 4 General Electric Co. GE Apr. 4 Xcerra Corp. XCRA Apr. 4 Motorola Solutions, Inc. MSI Apr. 3 Spirit Airlines, Inc. SAVE Apr. 3 Lumber Liquidators, Inc. LL Apr. 3 Microsoft Corp. MSFT Mar. 31 UnitedHealth Group, Inc. UNH Mar. 31 Brooks Automation, Inc. BRKS Mar. 31 YPF, Inc. YPF Mar. 31 Pepsico, Inc. PEP Mar. 29 Scientific Games Corp. SGMS Mar. 29 iShares MSCI Hong Kong ETF EWH Mar. 24 Cerner Corp. CERN Mar. 24 Citrix Systems, Inc. CTXS Mar. 24 Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. FOLD Mar. 24 Oracle Corp. ORCL Mar. 23 Universal Display Corp. OLED Mar. 21 iShares MSCI All Country Asia ex Japan ETF AAXJ Mar. 21 iShares MSCI Australia ETF EWA Mar. 20 Check Point Software Technologies CHKP Mar. 17 Zebra Technologies Corp. ZBRA Mar. 17 iShares MSCI South Korea ETF EWY Mar. 16 Momo, Inc. MOMO Mar. 15 Himax Technologies, Inc. HIMX Mar. 15 Burlington Stores, Inc. BURL Mar. 15 Veeva Systems, Inc. VEEV Mar. 14 Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. MXIM Mar. 14 SPDR S&P Homebuilders ETF XHB Mar. 13 Builders FirstSource, Inc. BLDR Mar. 13 Verint Systems, Inc. VRNT Mar. 13 Silicon Motion Technology Corp. SIMO Mar. 10 Celgene Corp. CELG Mar. 10 Ctrip.com International, Ltd. CTRP Mar. 10 Arista Networks, Inc. ANET Mar. 8 Amkor Technology, Inc. AMKR Mar.7 Activision Blizzard, Inc. ATVI Mar.7 58.com, Inc. WUBA Mar.7 Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. PCRX Mar. 6 Square, Inc. SQ Mar. 3 Idexx Laboratories, Inc. IDXX Mar. 1 Ternium S.A. TX Mar. 1 Wyndham Worldwide Corp. WYN Mar. 1 Marriott International, Inc. MAR Feb. 28 Toll Brothers, Inc. TOL Feb. 28 Lumentum Holdings, Inc. LITE Feb. 28 3M Co. MMM Feb. 27 Paycom Software, Inc. PAYC Feb. 24 YY, Inc. YY Feb. 23 Facebook, Inc. FB Feb. 23 Latam Airlines Group LFL Feb. 23 Sony Corp. SNE Feb. 17 iShares MSCI Brazil ETF EWZ Feb. 16 SPDR S&P Biotech ETF XBI Feb. 15 Fortinet, Inc. FTNT Feb. 15 MSCI, Inc. MSCI Feb. 15 Eaton Corp. ETN Feb. 14 Microchip Technology, Inc. MCHP Feb. 13 iShares U.S. Home Construction ETF ITB Feb. 13 PulteGroup, Inc. PHM Feb. 13 Owens Corning OC Feb. 13 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. SWKS Feb. 10 Wix.com Ltd. WIX Feb. 9 CBOE Holdings, Inc. CBOE Feb. 8 Boeing Co. BA Feb. 7 JD.com JD Feb. 7 Rockwell Automation, Inc. ROK Feb. 6 Lennar Corp. LEN Feb. 6 McDonald’s Corp. MCD Feb. 3 Xerox Corp. XRX Feb. 3 Celanese Corp. CE Feb. 2 Dr. Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. DPS Feb. 1 Kimberly-Clark Corp. KMB Feb. 1 Texas Instruments, Inc. TXN Jan. 31 Analog Devices, Inc. ADI Jan. 30 Exact Sciences Corp. EXAS Jan. 30 KB Home KBH Jan. 27 iShares China Large-Cap ETF FXI Jan. 27 iShares Europe ETF IEV Jan. 26 iShares India 50 ETF INDY Jan. 26 Home Depot, Inc. HD Jan. 24 Adobe Systems, Inc. ADBE Jan. 24 Fastenal Co. FAST Jan. 23 Global Payments, Inc. GPN Jan. 20 Shopify, Inc. SHOP Jan. 20 Cognex Corp. CGNX Jan. 19 Agilent Technologies, Inc. A Jan. 19 NetEase, Inc. NTES Jan. 18 MaxLinear, Inc. MXL Jan. 18 Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. AEIS Jan. 17 Amazon.com AMZN Jan. 13 Anthem, Inc. ANTM Jan. 13 iShares MSCI Emerging Markets ETF EEM Jan. 11 Digital Realty Trust, Inc. DLR Jan. 11 Alphabet, Inc. GOOGL Jan. 9 Alibaba Group Holding Limited BABA Jan. 5 ASML Holding N.V. ASML Jan. 3 AutoDesk, Inc. ADSK Dec. 20 Cavium, Inc. CAVM Dec. 20 ON Semiconductor Corp. ON Dec. 19 Clorox Co. CLX Dec. 19 Broadcom Limited AVGO Dec. 14 Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. TTWO Dec. 14 Emerson Electric Co. EMR Dec. 14 Apple, Inc. AAPL Dec. 9 Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. NXST Dec. 7 Dow Chemical Co. DOW Dec. 6 Walt Disney Co. DIS Dec. 6 Consumer Discretionary SPDR XLY Dec. 5 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. AMD Nov. 30 Western Digital Corp. WDC Nov. 29 NetApp, Inc. NTAP Nov. 28 Cummins, Inc. CMI Nov. 28 International Business Machines Corp. IBM Nov. 22 Incyte Corp. INCY Nov. 22 Applied Materials, Inc. AMAT Nov. 18 VMware, Inc. VMW Nov. 18 Financial Select Sector SPDR XLF Nov. 8 T-Mobile US, Inc. TMUS Nov. 8 Teradyne, Inc. TER Nov. 8 Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. LECO Nov. 7 American Express Co. AXP Nov. 1 Technology Select Sector SPDR XLK Oct. 25 Lam Research Corp. LRCX Oct. 20 Copa Holdings CPA Oct. 18 Netflix, Inc. NFLX Oct. 4 Westlake Chemical Corp. WLK Sept. 30 Prudential Financial, Inc. PRU Sept. 16 iShares Transportation Average IYT Sept. 8 Deere & Co. DE Sept. 7 TowerJazz TSEM Aug. 19 Microsoft Corp. MSFT Aug. 5 Sprint Corp. S Aug. 5 Micron Technology, Inc. MU Aug. 2 CSX Corp. CSX July 20 PowerShares QQQ ETF QQQ July 19 Industrial Select Sector SPDR XLI July 15 Materials Select Sector SPDR XLB July 15 VanEck Vectors Semiconductor ETF SMH June 23 SPDR S&P Metals & Mining ETF XME Feb. 5 More from MarketWatch United Airlines could pay dearly in China as passenger-dragging video spreads How to not get bumped from a flight (and how to make the most money if you do) Mixed Messages: Emoji Don't Always Mean What You Think Related Topics Investing U.S. Stocks Mutual Funds Exchange Traded Funds Options Center Bonds Quote References SPX -3.38 -0.14% DJIA -6.72 -0.03% SPY -0.28 -0.12% USO +0.03 +0.27% XLE +0.01 +0.01% XRT +0.39 +0.93% WMT +0.37 +0.51% FIVE +0.72 +1.61% BBY +0.10 +0.21% Show all references Most Popular United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ Warren Buffett’s big bet on United Airlines could be costing him millions These airlines bump the most passengers involuntarily (United isn’t No. 1) Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple store Michael Ashbaugh Michael Ashbaugh writes technical analysis for MarketWatch and is editor of MarketWatch's "The Technical Indicator" newsletter. MarketWatch Partner Center Michael Ashbaugh Michael Ashbaugh writes technical analysis for MarketWatch and is editor of MarketWatch's "The Technical Indicator" newsletter. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,353.78 -3.38 (-0.14%) Volume 1.8B Open 2,354 High 2,355 Low 2,337 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,651.30 -6.72 (-0.03%) Volume 255.1M Open 20,644 High 20,660 Low 20,513 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust U.S.: NYSE Arca: SPY $235.06 -0.28 (-0.12%) Volume 80.0M Open $234.90 High $235.18 Low $233.34 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.76 Market Cap N/A United States Oil Fund LP U.S.: NYSE Arca: USO $11.17 +0.03 (+0.27%) Volume 23.9M Open $11.13 High $11.21 Low $11.06 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Energy Select Sector SPDR ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XLE $70.90 +0.01 (+0.01%) Volume 13.8M Open $71.00 High $71.03 Low $70.14 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.36 Market Cap N/A SPDR S&P Retail ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XRT $42.50 +0.39 (+0.93%) Volume 5.3M Open $42.04 High $42.50 Low $41.88 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.02 Market Cap N/A Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $73.43 +0.37 (+0.51%) Volume 5.6M Open $73.00 High $73.45 Low $72.93 P/E Ratio 16.73 Div Yield 2.78 Market Cap 221.6B Five Below Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: FIVE $45.50 +0.72 (+1.61%) Volume 772.1K Open $44.73 High $45.52 Low $44.56 P/E Ratio 35 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.5B Best Buy Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: BBY $48.65 +0.10 (+0.21%) Volume 2.7M Open $48.58 High $48.78 Low $48.17 P/E Ratio 12.7 Div Yield 2.8 Market Cap 15.0B
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 59° Low 54° High 74° Fayetteville 48° Low 47° High 71° Bentonville 55° Low 49° High 71° See complete forecast Willie Nelson, Sheryl Crow And Craft Beer Heading To AMP For Outlaw Music Festival Posted 11:57 am, April 11, 2017, by Shawnya Meyers Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email × Willie Nelson, Sheryl Crow And Craft Beer Heading To AMP For Outlaw Music Festival ROGERS (KFSM) — Willie Nelson and Sheryl Crow will be coming to the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion in July. The AMP will host the singers on Thursday, July 6 as part of a stop on the Outlaw Music Festival Tour. The full lineup includes Willie Nelson & Family, Sheryl Crow, Jason Isbell and the 400 Unite, Margo Price, and Lukas Nelson & the Promise of the Real. In addition to the music, which starts at 7 p.m., there will be festival attractions like local cuisine, craft beers and products crafted by local artisans. Doors will open for the event starting at 6 p.m. Tickets will range from $46-155.50 and will go on sale starting Friday, April 21 at 10 a.m. Tickets can be purchased online, by calling 479-443-5600, or in person at the Wamart AMP box office or the Walton Arts Center box office. This isn’t Nelson’s first time performing at the Walmart AMP. He also came in 2014 performing alongside Alison Krauss.   Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Adventure Arkansas Check the latest 5NEWS adventure. Popular 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Student One Of Three Dead In San Bernardino School Shooting U Of A Police Identity Woman Whose Body Was Found In Tent On University Property Man Arrested Nearly 38 Years After Baby Thought To Have Died Of SIDS Benton County Sheriff: Carol Davidson Died From Overdose, RoseMarry Likely Died From Starvation Latest News 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Arkansas Powers Its Way To Win At Missouri State District’s Experiment With Different Style Of Teaching Seeing Positive Response VIDEO: Austin Capps On Who Is Filling Leadership Roles VIDEO: Colton Jackson Gelling With Offensive Line News Third Eye Blind Coming To AMP News Steve Miller Band Added To Walmart AMP’s Summer Lineup News Train Performing At Walmart AMP In May News Bush Added To Walmart AMP Lineup News Lady Antebellum To Perform At Walmart AMP With Kelsea Ballerini And Brett Young News Blink-182 Added To Walmart AMP Lineup News Matchbox Twenty And Counting Crows Add Summer Tour Stop At Walmart AMP News ZZ Top Added To Walmart AMP Lineup News Boston Coming To Walmart AMP News Brad Paisley Added To Summer AMP Lineup News The Harlem Globetrotters Bring 2017 World Tour To Fayetteville News Peacemaker Music Festival Announces Summer Lineup News Ozark Mountain Music Festival Kicks Off Thursday Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Weather 61° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Gun goes off in Woodlands Walmart after man accidentally drops it KHOU.com Staff , KHOU 12:14 PM. CDT April 11, 2017 CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST MONTGOMERY COUNTY, Texas – Deputies are investigating after a man accidentally dropped his loaded gun inside a Woodlands-area Walmart store, firing a gunshot. There were no injuries. The Montgomery County Sheriff’s Office says the man is reportedly a retired Houston police officer who has a Concealed Handgun License. The incident happened at about 10 a.m. Tuesday at the store on College Park near I-45. Check back for updates to this developing story. © 2017 KHOU-TV CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Hyperloop: Houston to Dallas in 30 minutes? Baby giraffe born at Houston Zoo What was the motive for Greenwood's murder? HPD: Officer shoots and kills man in NW Houston Tuesday afternoon forecast Where is Karen Ramirez? 'Hyperloop' plans to travel from Houston to Dallas in 30 minutes Gunman kills wife, child, self at San Bernardino elementary school HPD: Woman shoots 4 people before killing herself Houston pool with a view 40 stories high More Stories Houstonians paying close attention to fallout from… Apr 11, 2017, 10:07 p.m. United Airlines now says controversial flight was… Apr 11, 2017, 1:11 p.m. HPD: Driver fatally hits pedestrian in west Houston Apr 11, 2017, 9:05 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Tell Tiffany Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Animals Texans Cheerleaders Houston Rodeo Food CBS TV Shows More... City Pros Sandwich Generation Tech-Gaming More Features Life in Balance Obituaries Buffalo Bayou Park Great Day Houston Day For Night Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist Pet of the Week About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS Cars.com Houston Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Latest News Dow 20,651 -6.72 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,867 -14.15 -0.24% S&P 500 2,354 -3.38 -0.14% 2:56 A.M. ET WH Smith logs 4% growth in pretax profit 2:55 A.M. ET Tesco posts 30% rise in adjusted operating profit 2:51 A.M. ET Updated United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap 2:21 A.M. ET Updated How to dazzle voters on the campaign trail? Upstart French candidate turns to holograms 12:02 A.M. ET This is the one place in America where even doctors can’t buy a home 12:01 A.M. ET Millennials are too forgetful to redeem their credit card points 4/11 KPMG partners fired over ethics breach 4/11 Asian markets slip as yen hits 5-month high 4/11 Trump to lift federal hiring freeze Wednesday 4/11 Updated Republican wins surprisingly close Kansas congressional election 4/11 Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ 4/11 Elliott attempting to oust Azko board chairman 4/11 China's consumer inflation rises in March 4/11 Japan machinery orders rebound in February 4/11 Agent Provocateur's U.S. unit files chapter 11 4/11 Tesla investors seek more independent board members 4/11 Fox News host Bill O'Reilly announces vacation amid advertiser revolt 4/11 Updated FBI had FISA warrant to snoop on ex-Trump adviser Carter Page: report 4/11 Samsung Galaxy S8’s ‘virtual assistant’ won’t be ready for U.S. launch 4/11 PC companies must sell to businesses or die, but what about Apple? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets The Technical Indicator Get email alerts Charting a tenuous technical backdrop, S&P 500 ventures under major support By Michael Ashbaugh Published: Apr 11, 2017 12:50 p.m. ET Share Focus: Crude oil takes flight, Energy and retail sectors reach trendline resistance, USO, XLE, XRT, WMT, FIVE, BBY By MichaelAshbaugh Technicals columnist Editor’s Note: This is a free edition of The Technical Indicator, a daily MarketWatch subscriber newsletter. To get this column each market day, click here. Technically speaking, major tests are taking shape this week across the widely-tracked U.S. benchmarks. Consider that S&P 500 and Dow industrials have ventured under the 50-day moving average early Tuesday — areas that have defined the bull trend since November — placing each benchmark in less-charted territory. The downturn raises flag to a potential trend shift, and its aggressiveness is worth tracking. Before detailing the U.S. markets’ wider view, the S&P 500’s SPX, -0.14%  hourly chart highlights the past two weeks. As illustrated, the S&P’s near-term range is well-defined. The 50-day moving average, currently 2,349.4, closely matches the 2,351 support. The S&P has ventured under support Tuesday, though as always, it’s the close that matters. On further weakness, a deeper floor matches the March low of 2,322. Similarly, the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.03% has established a tight near-term range. Here again, the 50-day moving average, currently 20,627, matches major technical support. The Dow has ventured firmly lower early Tuesday, reaching less-charted territory, better illustrated on the daily chart. Meanwhile, the Nasdaq Composite’s backdrop is slightly stronger. The index tagged a nominal record high last week, and the immediate pullback had been flat, underpinned by support matching the February peak. Widening the view to six months adds perspective. On this wider view, the Nasdaq has established a tight April range just under record territory. Recall that the range top has recently capped two bearish reversals, including the March 21 session, a massive 7-to-1 down day. (A “down day” means that declining volume surpassed advancing volume by the given margin.) On further weakness, the 50-day moving average, currently 5,823, is closely followed by support matching the 5,800 mark. The Nasdaq has not closed under the 50-day since Dec. 2. Moving to the Dow, the blue-chip benchmark’s backdrop remains technical. As illustrated, the index is compressing between a five-week trendline and the 50-day moving average, currently 20,627. To reiterate, the Dow has ventured under the 50-day early Tuesday, reaching less-charted territory. A closing violation of the 50-day would inflict technical damage, potentially opening the path to the March low (20,412). This is notable territory, as a close lower would mark a “lower low” more firmly signaling an intermediate-term trend shift. Tactically, a deeper floor matches the January peak (20,125) and is followed by major support at the 20,000 mark. Similarly, the S&P 500’s April price action has been distinctly technical. Here again, the prevailing backdrop is capped by a five-week trendline, and underpinned by support closely matching the 50-day moving average, currently 2,349. The bigger picture Significant technical tests are underway early Tuesday, across the widely-tracked U.S. benchmarks. On a headline basis, the S&P 500 and Dow industrials have ventured under the 50-day moving average, at least intraday, while the Nasdaq Composite is retesting its corresponding level. Against this backdrop, the SPDR Trust S&P 500’s SPY, -0.12%  six-month view exemplifies the prevailing technical tension. Consider two familiar trending indicators: To start, the 20-day moving average, currently 235.46, has capped the SPY on a closing basis since March 16. Conversely, the 50-day moving average, currently 234.77, has underpinned the SPY on a closing basis since Nov. 8. These are widely-tracked near- and intermediate-term trending indicators respectively. In this case, a near-term downtrend is clashing with an intermediate-term uptrend. As a rule, the longer-term indicator gets the benefit of the doubt. Still, the distance between the two has narrowed to less than one point, and will soon force at least a mechanical move in one direction, if not a true technical break. The SPY has ventured firmly lower early Tuesday — and is vulnerable to potential technical damage — though it’s the close that matters. On further weakness, the March low, circa 231.60, marks a deeper inflection point. Meanwhile, the S&P 500 has asserted a similar posture, capped by trendline resistance and underpinned by the 50-day moving average. Fundamentally, the prevailing framework has thus far weathered two arguably bearish second-quarter catalysts. Namely, the disappointing monthly U.S. jobs report, and the U.S. missile strikes in Syria. (The Syria issue has also presented a countervailing energy-sector tailwind, partly revisited in the next section.) Still, a delayed-reaction technical break is possible, and may be underway this week. Tactically, a closing violation of major support — the S&P 2,350 area — would inflict technical damage, potentially opening the path to a more pronounced consolidation phase. The S&P has not closed under the 50-day moving average since Nov. 8. Delving deeper, an inflection point matches the March low of 2,322, and is followed by firmer (and likely last-ditch) support at the 2,300 mark. As always, it’s not just what the markets do, it’s how they do it, though a posture atop these areas likely supports a bullish bigger-picture bias. Also consider that the Russell 2000 is slightly higher Tuesday, signaling a less broadly-based, and potentially less damaging downturn. See also: Bull trend intact, S&P 500 survives latest test of 50-day average. Tuesday’s Watch List The charts below detail names that are technically well positioned. These are radar screen names — sectors or stocks poised to move in the near term. For the original comments on the stocks below, see The Technical Indicator Library. Drilling down further, the United States Oil Fund USO, +0.27% continues to take flight amid heightened geopolitical tensions. The fund tracks the price of West Texas Intermediate (WTI) light, sweet crude oil. (This marks oil’s third straight review.) As illustrated, the shares have reclaimed the 200-day moving average, currently 10.88 (in blue), an area that has matched consequential technical territory. The 200-day defined the November gaps, and punctuated the March downdraft. Moreover, the shares have reclaimed the breakdown point, technically spanning from 11.04 to 11.08. To reiterate, a sustained posture atop the 11 area strengthens the bull case. Still, while the USO’s price action has been technical, the prevailing rally is inorganic (fueled by the Syria strikes), and sustainability remains a question. A nearly immediate violation of support, the 11 area, would punctuate a reversion to the previously bearish-leaning backdrop. Amid surging crude-oil prices, the Energy Select Sector SPDR XLE, +0.01% has come to life technically. (Yield = 2.3%.) As illustrated, the group has edged atop a four-month downtrend, rising to challenge the 50- and 200-day moving averages. Still, the breakout attempt is developing amid a pending death cross, or bearish 50-day/200-day moving average crossover. Tactically, resistance spans from about 70.90 to 71.10. A close higher would signal a potential trend shift, though the group’s technical bias remains bearish pending such a move. Meanwhile, the SDPR S&P Retail ETF XRT, +0.93%  is challenging trendline resistance. Recent strength punctuates a successful test of major support matching the November low. Tactically, the trendline closely tracks the 50-day moving average, currently 42.55, a level that’s capped the group since Jan. 4. (The late-March peak rests at 42.66.) The group’s downtrend is intact pending follow-through, though this is a technical test worth tracking. Moving to specific names, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. WMT, +0.51%  is a Dow 30 component coming to life. (Yield = 2.8%.) As illustrated, the shares have edged atop well-defined resistance, reaching seven-month highs amid a volume uptick. More broadly, the shares are challenging a nearly two-year range top, matching the 200-week moving average, currently 73.27. Since July 2015, Wal-Mart has registered just three weekly closes atop the 200-week moving average, each by less than 10 cents. This area is under siege early Tuesday. A breakout opens the path to less-charted territory, and potentially material follow-through. Five Below, Inc. FIVE, +1.61% is a well positioned mid-cap specialty retailer. Late last month, the shares gapped atop the 200-day moving average, rising after the company’s strong fourth-quarter results. The ensuing flag pattern is underpinned by the 200-day, positioning the shares to extend the breakout. Best Buy Co., Inc. BBY, +0.21% is a large-cap retail name positioned to rise. Technically, the shares staged a steep late-March spike, rising to challenge nine-year highs. (The March peak missed by five cents.) The pullback from resistance has been flat, improving the chances of an eventual breakout. Near-term support matches the April low, circa 47.70, and a breakout attempt is in play barring a violation. Editor’s Note: This is a free edition of The Technical Indicator, a daily MarketWatch subscriber newsletter. To get this column each market day, click here. Still well positioned The table below includes names recently profiled in The Technical Indicator that remain well positioned. For the original comments, see The Technical Indicator Library. Company Symbol Date Profiled Skyworks Solutions, Inc. SWKS Apr. 10 Sage Therapeutics, Inc. SAGE Apr. 10 Red Hat, Inc. RHT Apr. 7 Blackhwak Network Holdings, Inc. HAWK Apr. 7 Sears Holdings Corp. SHLD Apr. 7 Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. ICE Apr. 6 Extreme Networks, Inc. EXTR Apr. 6 Cara Therapeutics, Inc. CARA Apr. 6 American Water Works Co. AWK Apr. 6 Coca-Cola Co. KO Apr. 5 iShares MSCI India ETF INDA Apr. 4 Tesla, Inc. TSLA Apr. 4 General Electric Co. GE Apr. 4 Xcerra Corp. XCRA Apr. 4 Motorola Solutions, Inc. MSI Apr. 3 Spirit Airlines, Inc. SAVE Apr. 3 Lumber Liquidators, Inc. LL Apr. 3 Microsoft Corp. MSFT Mar. 31 UnitedHealth Group, Inc. UNH Mar. 31 Brooks Automation, Inc. BRKS Mar. 31 YPF, Inc. YPF Mar. 31 Pepsico, Inc. PEP Mar. 29 Scientific Games Corp. SGMS Mar. 29 iShares MSCI Hong Kong ETF EWH Mar. 24 Cerner Corp. CERN Mar. 24 Citrix Systems, Inc. CTXS Mar. 24 Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. FOLD Mar. 24 Oracle Corp. ORCL Mar. 23 Universal Display Corp. OLED Mar. 21 iShares MSCI All Country Asia ex Japan ETF AAXJ Mar. 21 iShares MSCI Australia ETF EWA Mar. 20 Check Point Software Technologies CHKP Mar. 17 Zebra Technologies Corp. ZBRA Mar. 17 iShares MSCI South Korea ETF EWY Mar. 16 Momo, Inc. MOMO Mar. 15 Himax Technologies, Inc. HIMX Mar. 15 Burlington Stores, Inc. BURL Mar. 15 Veeva Systems, Inc. VEEV Mar. 14 Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. MXIM Mar. 14 SPDR S&P Homebuilders ETF XHB Mar. 13 Builders FirstSource, Inc. BLDR Mar. 13 Verint Systems, Inc. VRNT Mar. 13 Silicon Motion Technology Corp. SIMO Mar. 10 Celgene Corp. CELG Mar. 10 Ctrip.com International, Ltd. CTRP Mar. 10 Arista Networks, Inc. ANET Mar. 8 Amkor Technology, Inc. AMKR Mar.7 Activision Blizzard, Inc. ATVI Mar.7 58.com, Inc. WUBA Mar.7 Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. PCRX Mar. 6 Square, Inc. SQ Mar. 3 Idexx Laboratories, Inc. IDXX Mar. 1 Ternium S.A. TX Mar. 1 Wyndham Worldwide Corp. WYN Mar. 1 Marriott International, Inc. MAR Feb. 28 Toll Brothers, Inc. TOL Feb. 28 Lumentum Holdings, Inc. LITE Feb. 28 3M Co. MMM Feb. 27 Paycom Software, Inc. PAYC Feb. 24 YY, Inc. YY Feb. 23 Facebook, Inc. FB Feb. 23 Latam Airlines Group LFL Feb. 23 Sony Corp. SNE Feb. 17 iShares MSCI Brazil ETF EWZ Feb. 16 SPDR S&P Biotech ETF XBI Feb. 15 Fortinet, Inc. FTNT Feb. 15 MSCI, Inc. MSCI Feb. 15 Eaton Corp. ETN Feb. 14 Microchip Technology, Inc. MCHP Feb. 13 iShares U.S. Home Construction ETF ITB Feb. 13 PulteGroup, Inc. PHM Feb. 13 Owens Corning OC Feb. 13 Skyworks Solutions, Inc. SWKS Feb. 10 Wix.com Ltd. WIX Feb. 9 CBOE Holdings, Inc. CBOE Feb. 8 Boeing Co. BA Feb. 7 JD.com JD Feb. 7 Rockwell Automation, Inc. ROK Feb. 6 Lennar Corp. LEN Feb. 6 McDonald’s Corp. MCD Feb. 3 Xerox Corp. XRX Feb. 3 Celanese Corp. CE Feb. 2 Dr. Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. DPS Feb. 1 Kimberly-Clark Corp. KMB Feb. 1 Texas Instruments, Inc. TXN Jan. 31 Analog Devices, Inc. ADI Jan. 30 Exact Sciences Corp. EXAS Jan. 30 KB Home KBH Jan. 27 iShares China Large-Cap ETF FXI Jan. 27 iShares Europe ETF IEV Jan. 26 iShares India 50 ETF INDY Jan. 26 Home Depot, Inc. HD Jan. 24 Adobe Systems, Inc. ADBE Jan. 24 Fastenal Co. FAST Jan. 23 Global Payments, Inc. GPN Jan. 20 Shopify, Inc. SHOP Jan. 20 Cognex Corp. CGNX Jan. 19 Agilent Technologies, Inc. A Jan. 19 NetEase, Inc. NTES Jan. 18 MaxLinear, Inc. MXL Jan. 18 Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. AEIS Jan. 17 Amazon.com AMZN Jan. 13 Anthem, Inc. ANTM Jan. 13 iShares MSCI Emerging Markets ETF EEM Jan. 11 Digital Realty Trust, Inc. DLR Jan. 11 Alphabet, Inc. GOOGL Jan. 9 Alibaba Group Holding Limited BABA Jan. 5 ASML Holding N.V. ASML Jan. 3 AutoDesk, Inc. ADSK Dec. 20 Cavium, Inc. CAVM Dec. 20 ON Semiconductor Corp. ON Dec. 19 Clorox Co. CLX Dec. 19 Broadcom Limited AVGO Dec. 14 Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. TTWO Dec. 14 Emerson Electric Co. EMR Dec. 14 Apple, Inc. AAPL Dec. 9 Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. NXST Dec. 7 Dow Chemical Co. DOW Dec. 6 Walt Disney Co. DIS Dec. 6 Consumer Discretionary SPDR XLY Dec. 5 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. AMD Nov. 30 Western Digital Corp. WDC Nov. 29 NetApp, Inc. NTAP Nov. 28 Cummins, Inc. CMI Nov. 28 International Business Machines Corp. IBM Nov. 22 Incyte Corp. INCY Nov. 22 Applied Materials, Inc. AMAT Nov. 18 VMware, Inc. VMW Nov. 18 Financial Select Sector SPDR XLF Nov. 8 T-Mobile US, Inc. TMUS Nov. 8 Teradyne, Inc. TER Nov. 8 Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. LECO Nov. 7 American Express Co. AXP Nov. 1 Technology Select Sector SPDR XLK Oct. 25 Lam Research Corp. LRCX Oct. 20 Copa Holdings CPA Oct. 18 Netflix, Inc. NFLX Oct. 4 Westlake Chemical Corp. WLK Sept. 30 Prudential Financial, Inc. PRU Sept. 16 iShares Transportation Average IYT Sept. 8 Deere & Co. DE Sept. 7 TowerJazz TSEM Aug. 19 Microsoft Corp. MSFT Aug. 5 Sprint Corp. S Aug. 5 Micron Technology, Inc. MU Aug. 2 CSX Corp. CSX July 20 PowerShares QQQ ETF QQQ July 19 Industrial Select Sector SPDR XLI July 15 Materials Select Sector SPDR XLB July 15 VanEck Vectors Semiconductor ETF SMH June 23 SPDR S&P Metals & Mining ETF XME Feb. 5 More from MarketWatch Warren Buffett’s big bet on United Airlines could be costing him millions KPMG partners fired over ethics breach Does Trump Want Regime Change in Syria? Related Topics Investing U.S. Stocks Mutual Funds Exchange Traded Funds Options Center Bonds Quote References SPX -3.38 -0.14% DJIA -6.72 -0.03% SPY -0.28 -0.12% USO +0.03 +0.27% XLE +0.01 +0.01% XRT +0.39 +0.93% WMT +0.37 +0.51% FIVE +0.72 +1.61% BBY +0.10 +0.21% Show all references Most Popular United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ Warren Buffett’s big bet on United Airlines could be costing him millions These airlines bump the most passengers involuntarily (United isn’t No. 1) Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple store Michael Ashbaugh Michael Ashbaugh writes technical analysis for MarketWatch and is editor of MarketWatch's "The Technical Indicator" newsletter. MarketWatch Partner Center Michael Ashbaugh Michael Ashbaugh writes technical analysis for MarketWatch and is editor of MarketWatch's "The Technical Indicator" newsletter. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,353.78 -3.38 (-0.14%) Volume 1.8B Open 2,354 High 2,355 Low 2,337 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,651.30 -6.72 (-0.03%) Volume 255.1M Open 20,644 High 20,660 Low 20,513 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust U.S.: NYSE Arca: SPY $235.06 -0.28 (-0.12%) Volume 80.0M Open $234.90 High $235.18 Low $233.34 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.76 Market Cap N/A United States Oil Fund LP U.S.: NYSE Arca: USO $11.17 +0.03 (+0.27%) Volume 23.9M Open $11.13 High $11.21 Low $11.06 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Energy Select Sector SPDR ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XLE $70.90 +0.01 (+0.01%) Volume 13.8M Open $71.00 High $71.03 Low $70.14 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.36 Market Cap N/A SPDR S&P Retail ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XRT $42.50 +0.39 (+0.93%) Volume 5.3M Open $42.04 High $42.50 Low $41.88 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.02 Market Cap N/A Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $73.43 +0.37 (+0.51%) Volume 5.6M Open $73.00 High $73.45 Low $72.93 P/E Ratio 16.73 Div Yield 2.78 Market Cap 221.6B Five Below Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: FIVE $45.50 +0.72 (+1.61%) Volume 772.1K Open $44.73 High $45.52 Low $44.56 P/E Ratio 35 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.5B Best Buy Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: BBY $48.65 +0.10 (+0.21%) Volume 2.7M Open $48.58 High $48.78 Low $48.17 P/E Ratio 12.7 Div Yield 2.8 Market Cap 15.0B
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us NEWS Shot fired inside Walmart in The Woodlands as accidental shooting Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1860404" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Police say a single shot was fired in the store and are describing it as an accidental discharge of a gun. KTRK Tuesday, April 11, 2017 12:55PM The Montgomery County Sheriff's Office is investigating an accidental shooting inside a Walmart in The Woodlands. A single shot was fired in the store at 3040 College Park sometime between 10 and 11 a.m. No one was hurt. Police say the bullet hit a light fixture. Customers described hearing the gunshot. "I don't know if it hit the ground or not, but it slipped and it banged and it went off. It was a good, loud noise," James McGowan said. "It scared me like crazy, and I have a little baby. I was just thankful she was in the car with her grandma and wasn't in the store with us," Kiki McGowan said. "It really freaked me out. For a second, I thought it was another mass shooting." Authorities describe the situation as an accidental discharge of a gun, but the circumstances surrounding it are not yet known. The scene remains under investigation. Report a typo to the ABC13 staff Related Topics: newsaccidental shootingwalmartMontgomery CountyThe Woodlands Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KTRK-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Federal government to partially lift hiring freeze President Trump: 'We are not going into Syria' Suspects caught on camera stealing motorcycle Teen charged in parents' murder given bond Pedestrian struck and killed on Highway 6 More News Top Stories 93-year-old woman wants her stolen family heirloom back Texans announce 2017 cheerleaders Pedestrian struck and killed on Highway 6 Parent: Porn popped up in HISD classroom Teen charged in parents' murder given bond Houston Zoo welcomes adorable baby giraffe New park coming to West University Place Show More United CEO apologizes for passenger incident Musician J. Geils dies at 71 Spicer's Hitler, Holocaust comments raise eyebrows Experts answer HCC students' immigration questions Rules you need to know before boarding your next flight More News Top Video Texans announce 2017 cheerleaders New park coming to West University Place Drivers denied compensation for pothole damage Woman charged with leaving baby with another child More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On-Air Rich Peterson Kim David Andy Brownell Tracy McCray Shows Listen Listen Live Mobile App Events Insane Inflatable 5K Calendar Submit Your Community Calendar Event Community Engagement Request Form KROC Club Sign Up Contests and Perks Contest Rules VIP Support Closings Closings Weather Links Mayo Clinic Radio Minnesota Lottery Minnesota Timberwolves Minnesota Twins Minnesota Vikings Minnesota Wild University of Minnesota Athletics Latest Gopher Sports News and Updates Power of Learning with Jim Walters City of Rochester Rochester Public Schools Olmsted County State of Minnesota Minnesota Veterans & Emergency Services Museum History Center of Olmsted County Destination Medical Center Win Stuff Contact Us On-Air Hosts Contact Info Help & Contact Info EEO Report Careers Send Feedback Advertise Community Engagement Request Form Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube subscribe via RSS Trending: Seize the Deal Destination Medical Center Weather Digital Marketing Expert Speaking in Rochester Police Locate Elderly Rochester Woman’s Stolen Car and Purse By Kim David April 11, 2017 11:15 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Andy Brownell/Townsquare Media Rochester,MN  (KROC AM News) – Rochester police are investigating a criminal case involving an 87-year-old victim. The woman works at the south Walmart store and discovered her purse had been stolen from the employee locker room Sunday afternoon. The purse contained her car keys and $800 in cash. The woman returned to work Monday to discover her car was missing. It was located early Tuesday in front of a residence in the 300 block of 10th St SE. Officers found the woman’s purse in the car. The car keys were in the purse, along with $500 in cash and some information that may be linked to a female suspect. No arrests have been made yet but police are hopeful an arrest will be made. For 24/7 news and sports check KROC AM and follow KROC-AM on Facebook. Subscribe to Our Newsletter   Filed Under: crime | lice Locate Elderly Rochester Woman's Stolen Car and Purse | Rochester | Rochester Police | stolen car | stolen purse Category: Local News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of 1340 KROC-AM Revenue Dept. Head Warns of Tax Return Delays Median Sales Price of Rochester Homes Tops $200K Mason City Crash Victims ID’d Wisconsin Trooper Killed in Crash at Wisconsin Dells Recommended for You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the Hosts Andy Brownell Kim David Rich Peterson Tom Ostrom Facebook Sign up for our newsletter Sign up for our newsletter! KROC Club Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more! Sign Up Now Closings Weather Related Announcements for Monday 3/13 March 13, 2017 4:49 AM Winter Closings and Delays for Saturday and Sunday 02-25-17 February 25, 2017 11:50 AM Rochester City Lines Cancels Regional Service for Friday February 24, 2017 4:30 AM Recent Stories Dumb Things Minnesotans have been Caught Doing While Driving April 11, 2017 12:53 PM Want a Beer With Your Grasshoppers? April 11, 2017 12:13 PM Beware the “Can You Hear Me” Calls Are a Scam! April 11, 2017 10:55 AM Minnesota Man Claims Lottery Prize Just Before Deadline April 11, 2017 8:49 AM Southern Minnesota Boasts 2 Teacher of the Year Finalists April 10, 2017 2:49 PM Advertise Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Welcome back to KROC Club It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to KROC Club It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://krocam.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to KROC Club (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here KROC Club brought to you by: Sign up for KROC Club Register Now Sign up for KROC Club quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! KROC Club brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive KROC Club contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook KROC Club brought to you by: KROC-AM Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Home News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military National Strange News International First 100 Days On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Entertainment News Obituaries Live Streaming Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Work for Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com 64° F Clear Hi: 83° F Lo: 57° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military National Strange News International First 100 Days On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Entertainment News Obituaries Live Streaming Featured: Virginia Tech Remembrance Latest Headlines AP Top Political News at 2:08 a.m. EDT Updated: 45 mins ago Kansas outcome a warning to GOP as Georgia contest nears Judge to rule on request to certify innocence in ’57 killing 1:51 am SYCAMORE, Ill. (AP) — A 77-year-old Washington state man hopes an Illinois judge will help eliminate a stain on his reputation by formally d… David Letterman’s mom, who became unlikely star, dies at 95 1:30 am AP Top U.S. News at 1:29 a.m. EDT 1:31 am AP Top News at 2:43 a.m. EDT Updated: 5 mins ago Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Current Conditions 64° F Clear Feels Like: 64° F Wind: SSW 14 Humidity: 67% Dewpoint: 53° F Sunrise: 6:35 AM Sunset: 7:36 PM Hampton Roads Weather Forecast Radar Sponsored by: Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides Latest Headlines A moment to remember; ODU cheerleading reflects on national championship 12:20 am NORFOLK (WAVY) – Rachel Ayers doesn’t even remember hearing the final score, and Kenyetta Boddie could do nothing more than drop to her knee… Spring game previews: ODU, W&M and NSU all set to debut new QBs 12:08 am Old Dominion, William & Mary and Norfolk State will all hold their annual Spring football games on Saturday afternoon, and all three are sti… NBA Capsules Updated: 8 mins ago Rockies’ Senzatela gets 1st win, to take ball to mom’s grave Updated: 8 mins ago Romo basks in honorary day with Mavs before Nuggets’ win Updated: 8 mins ago HR Show HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Latest Headlines Gallery: National Pet Day April 11, 2017 Tuesday is National Pet Day, a whole day dedicated to celebrating our furry and feathery friends. Audience: Heritage Day at The Hampton History Museum April 11, 2017 Celebrate centuries of culture with the Hampton Museum. In The Kitchen: Brunch Tostada April 11, 2017 Reck on the Road: Landstown Baseball April 11, 2017 49th Annual Priority Toyota Charity Bowl April 11, 2017 Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Work for Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com Search for: Search the site 64° F Clear Hi: 83° F Lo: 57° F Suspect steals televisions twice from Walmart in York County By Haley Gang Published: April 11, 2017, 12:02 pm Updated: April 11, 2017, 11:28 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Photo Courtesy of York-Poquoson Sheriff's Office YORK COUNTY, Va. (WAVY) – The York-Poquoson Sheriff’s Office is asking the public for help identifying the two suspects who stole a TV from the Tabb Walmart in York County. The sheriff’s office says the male suspect has stolen TVs from this store before and has confronted employees who try to approach him. The alleged female accomplice reportedly distracts employees inside by asking them for help to give the male suspect time to cut off the spider alarm and run out with the TV. The last incident happened at the Walmart in the 2600 block of Route 17 around 4:00 a.m., Saturday March 25. Photo Courtesy of York-Poquoson Sheriff’s Office Photo Courtesy of York-Poquoson Sheriff’s Office                       If anyone can recognize either of these suspects please call the Crime Line at 1-888-LOCK-U-UP. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Authorities: Man tries to use expired, stolen credit card at store Authorities: Suspects make fraudulent purchases at Tabb Walmart Sheriff’s office: Man used old receipts to return items, get cash from Wal-Mart Authorities: Man exposed himself in York K-Mart parking lot Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WAVY.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WAVY-TV © 1998-2017 WAVY.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Traffic Sports Experts HR Show More Advertise Advertise with Us Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report WVBT EEO Report Children’s TV Report FCC Public File Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Stay Connected WAVY Weather App WAVY News App Email Alerts Text Alerts ReportIt Advertisement Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home Help & Contact Information Send Feedback Advertise Careers On Air Hosts Schedule John McKay Northwest Ag Report Listen Live Listen Live Mobile App VIPS Win $1,000 Cash! Win Stuff Join Now! Contest Rules SailAway Saturday Local Experts Accounting Auto Care Batteries, Screen Repair + Bulbs Dental Heating & Air Home & Flooring Insurance Kids Dentistry Landscaping Painting Services Weather Mountain Pass Cams Events Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube What’s Hot: Win Cash! Weather Report Insane Inflatable 5k SCHOOL DELAYS Seize the Deal More Local News Win Great Prizes Gift Cards Stolen Credit Card Suspects Run Up Bill at Walmart By John McKay April 11, 2017 8:52 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Kennewick stolen credit card suspects (Tri-Cities Crime Stoppers) Kennewick police and Tri-Cities Crime Stoppers are still seeking these two suspects. They’re wanted in connection with the use of stolen credit cards at Walmart on March 27th of this year. Police say the two used multiple cards to make numerous purchases that morning. The suspect’s vehicle is also pictured. Anyone with any information is asked to call (509)-586-TIPS or tricitiescrimestoppers.com. All leads are confidential. Information leading directly to the apprehension of a wanted suspect can lead to a cash reward, in this case, up to $1,000. Filed Under: credit cards | theft | walmart Category: crime | Tri-Cities News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of Newstalk 870 Gov. Inslee Recall Petition Losing Some Steam DUI Suspect Wears “Hold My Beer” Shirt for Jail Mugshot Police Think TWO Different People Stole Same Car in Pasco Marshawn Lynch A New England Patriot? A Seattle Seahawk Nightmare Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live On Air Free Talk Live – The Talk Radio Insurrection! M-F midnight-3am Wall| Posts| Email Call in (509) 547-8726 Meet the DJ John McKay See More Newstalk 870 on Facebook Our Facebook page is sponsored by: Play the Million Dollar Bracket Challenge Local winner gets a 55-inch TV, 60 points or more wins $10k and a perfect bracket wins $1M Enter Now Top Stories Marshawn Lynch Fans Hate Seeing This. We’re Done... Gov. Inslee Recall Petition Losing Some Steam Have You Almost Been Hit by This Idiot at a TC... Seattle Mayor Not Being “Truthful” About Sex Abuse... Mall Cop Assault Seems Like Something Out of a Cartoon! Landslide Evacuation Near Where 43 People Died in 2014 $25 Certificate to Emerald of Siam Buy This Deal Now Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Tri-Cities Business Listings Welcome back to Newsmembers It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to Newsmembers It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://newstalk870.am using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to Newsmembers (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here Newsmembers brought to you by: Sign up for Newsmembers Register Now Sign up for Newsmembers quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! Newsmembers brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive Newsmembers contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook Newsmembers brought to you by: 870 AM KFLD Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Home | Stephen Moore Tags: government | poor | people | poorer How Government Makes Poor People Even Poorer (Getty/Spencer Platt) By Stephen Moore Tuesday, 11 Apr 2017 11:53 AM More Posts by Stephen Moore Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    For all the obsessing in Washington over income inequality, why isn't there more outrage over government policies that exacerbate the problem? There are hundreds of programs that increase poverty in America. Last week, at the Heritage Foundation forum on this very topic, my colleagues exposed many of these programs. Economist Don Boudreaux of George Mason University unmasked two such policies. One is trade protectionism. Trade barriers raise prices and act as a regressive tax on Americans, Boudreaux explains. They also stunt the very process of innovation that makes goods and services widely available to people at affordable prices to begin with. Think about the consumers who shop for those everyday low prices at Wal-Mart: They're not Hillary Clinton. The minimum wage clearly fits into this category, as well. In every other industry, Boudreaux notes, when something is more expensive we buy less of it. Why do some economists think that isn't the case when it comes to buying labor? The minimum wage prevents people from entering the workforce and gaining the skills that can eventually land them higher-income jobs. This is so obvious that one wonders why liberals keep championing the minimum-wage cause. Marlo Lewis Jr. of the Competitive Enterprise Institute points out that the fuel-economy standards promoted by the leftist environmentalists add thousands of dollars to the cost of a new car. He estimates that these "green" policies could mean that, every year, 5 million fewer Americans can afford a new car. Another green policy that hurts the poor is the anti-fracking crusade. In my book with Kathleen Hartnett White, "Fueling Freedom: Exposing the Mad War on Energy," we point out that the lower cost of electricity due to cheap shale natural gas has benefited low-income households to the tune of well over $4 billion a year. This is four times the benefit of the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program. If liberals really care about the poor, they should do away with LIHEAP and promote fracking. Social Security is the greatest swindle of all. A new study by Peter Ferrara for the Committee to Unleash Prosperity shows that if the average poor person who works 40 hours a week could simply put their payroll tax dollars into a personal 401(k) retirement account and tap into the power of compound interest, they would retire with a larger monthly benefit and have $1 million or more in an estate. Social Security robs nearly every low- and middle-income family with a full-time worker of at least $1 million over their lifetime. What a deal! When it comes to the trades of moving companies, realtors, hairstylists, limousine services, physical therapists and others, occupational licensing laws stunt small-business startups, destroy jobs and raise prices for lower-income consumers. What about the right to make a living? Big-government advocates defend these statist barriers to entry by arguing that they are needed to uphold professional service quality. Professor Boudreaux shows evidence to the contrary: Licensing requirements reduce service quality by shrinking competition in the industry. Arguably, the program that has most hindered upward mobility is the government school system in inner cities. Study after study finds abysmal educational outcomes and even unsafe environments for schoolchildren despite cities spending upward of $20,000 per child. At inner-city Catholic schools, these same kids could be receiving a better education at half the cost. Yet liberals oppose school-choice programs that would raise educational achievement and future earnings. (Look at their disgraceful treatment of Donald Trump's education chief, Betsy DeVos.) These examples merely scratch the surface of scores of governmental polices that are regressive. Could the gridlock and polarization in Washington be ended by a bipartisan movement to identify and reform laws that hurt those at the bottom of the income scale? One universal goal that we should all agree on is equality of opportunity — which these laws squelch. Where are Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren, Nancy Pelosi and the class warriors when it comes to reversing government policies that are stealing money and opportunities from low-income families? Do they care more about protecting the poor or protecting big government? It's time to really find out. Stephen Moore is a distinguished visiting fellow at The Heritage Foundation, economics contributor to FreedomWorks and author of "Who's the Fairest of Them All?" To find out more about Stephen Moore and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate Web page at www.creators.com. More Posts by Stephen Moore What Congress Can Learn From the Rhode Island Miracle The False Compassion of Liberalism Trump Budget Moves Fiscal Policy in Right Direction More Newsmax Blogs: Megan McArdle: Don't Mess Around With Government Pensions John Mauldin: Lawmakers Say Social Security Sustainable, but Numbers Show Otherwise Patrick Watson: Financial Strategies for Surviving Healthcare Collapse in 2018 © Creators Syndicate Inc. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StephenMoore Ending policies that handicap upward mobility would be good for all government, poor, people, poorer 733 Tuesday, 11 Apr 2017 11:53 AM 2017-53-11 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Trump to Meet Business Leaders on Infrastructure, Tax Reform Monday, 10 Apr 2017 | 38 comments That's right, Obama's shovel ready stimulus plan. Green energy like... Larry Kudlow: Trump Tax Reform Plan Isn't Dead Sunday, 09 Apr 2017 | 9 comments Sounds good to me! Let's immediately cut corporate income taxes and see... United Airlines Targeted After Passenger Dragged From Plane Tuesday, 11 Apr 2017 | 7 comments "Fair boarding" evidently does not consider a passenger who has paid for... David Horowitz to NewsmaxTV: Trump Rally Has More Upside Thursday, 06 Apr 2017 | 5 comments Exactly. I remember when Obama gave his 'you didn't build that' speech... US Employers Add Just 98K Jobs, as Rate Falls to 4.5 Pct. Friday, 07 Apr 2017 | 3 comments This article makes no sense to me. I normally don't delve into... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports My Success Story CNBC Upstart 25 CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities SXSW Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Politics Politics Elections Presidential Debates 2016 White House Congress Law Taxes CEOs privately say they'd accept short-term tax reform pain for 'long-term improved economic growth' Leaders of American companies are willing to take more risk than Congress, says John Engler, former Business Roundtable president. President Donald Trump's economic advisory council of CEOs meets at the White House on Tuesday. The stock market is expecting "some level of tax reform," says activist hedge fund manager Cliff Robbins. Matthew J. Belvedere | @Matt_Belvedere 16 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Tax reform tops CEOs wish list: John Engler    18 Hours Ago | 01:14 Leaders of American companies are willing to take more risk on corporate tax reform than members of Congress, the former president of the Business Roundtable advocacy group told CNBC on Tuesday. "The CEOs, I think, privately are saying look, 'We'll take in the short term some outcomes that are disadvantageous to our company or our sector, but at the end of that process has to be long-term improved economic growth for the nation.' That's the payoff," said John Engler, a Republican who had served three terms as governor of Michigan. President Donald Trump's economic advisory council, led by Blackstone chief Steve Schwarzman, is back at the White House on Tuesday, with Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon, General Motors CEO Mary Barra, IBM CEO Ginni Rometty, and former General Electric CEO Jack Welch all expected to attend. While corporate titans are basically unanimous in their call for cutting rates, the particulars on how to achieve that goal and pay for it are creating some divisions, particularly around the border adjustment import tax revenue provision in the overall House Republican plan to cut the federal corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent. Retailers, which generally hate the border tax idea because they rely on imports, are warning about having to pass on their higher costs of bringing good into the country onto consumers. But Engler argued on "Squawk Box" there may be wiggle room. "CEOs and business leaders, frankly, are more willing to take risks than some of the members of Congress who worry that if the short-term consequences aren't immediately visible that's an electoral problem for them." An observer from Wall Street told "Squawk Box" in an earlier interview the stock market is expecting "some level of tax reform." "[But] the market has realistic expectations," said Cliff Robbins, founder of Greenwich, Connecticut–based Blue Harbour Group. The hedge fund manages about $3.4 billion in assets. "I don't think the market is pricing in a huge 15 to 20 percent [corporate] rate," he added. Robbins, who made his bones as a dealmaker in the 1980s at Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Morgan Stanley, now views himself as a "friendly" activist investor. Morning Squawk: CNBC's before the bell news roundup Sign up to get Morning Squawk each weekday Job Industry Advertising/Marketing Automotive Communications/PR Construction/Manufacturing Education Finance/Banking/Insurance Legal Media/Entertainment Medical/Health Care Mining/Oil/Gas/Utilities Gov't/Non-Profit Real Estate Retail Technology/IT Transportation/Shipping Travel/Hospitality Other Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about about our products and service. Privacy Policy. Submit Please enter a valid email address Matthew J. BelvedereSenior Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BX --- IBM --- GE --- GM --- WMT --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Tuesday, April 11, 2017 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS Two men steal from Walmart Tuesday, April 11, 2017 Police have asked for the public’s help in identifying two men accused of stealing from Walmart in Mahoning Township. The two men allegedly stole a television and other merchandise, valued at over $300, from the store around 6 p.m. April 3. The suspects are two white men driving a gray sedan. Anyone with information about the suspects is asked to contact Mahoning Township Police at 570-386-2241. COURTESY MAHONING TOWNSHIP POLICE ‹ Prev 1 of 2 Next › Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2017
Navigation Menu Social Media News Social Media News Social Media Help Facebook Help Twitter Help Google+ Help LinkedIn Help Instagram Help Pinterest Help Youtube Help Technology Technology News Tech Tips Apps & Software Gadgets Tablets Apple Kindle Samsung Internet Search Engine News Web Bing Google Yahoo Business Advertising Blogging Development Start Ups Mobile Android Blackberry iPhone Reviews Windows Phone Infographics Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Subscribe To Rss Feed Follow Us On Google+ Home » YouTube star PewDiePie has a new show on Twitch YouTube star PewDiePie has a new show on Twitch Home » Social Media News » YouTube star PewDiePie has a new show on Twitch Posted By Martha Papadimitriou on Apr 11, 2017 | 0 comments Share the joy 1 1 1 1         4 Shares PewDiePie may be the biggest YouTube star but he wants to spread his wings on a different platform Source: http://www.tubefilter.com/2017/04/06/pewdiepie-to-launch-weekly-twitch-streams/ Imagine being one of the most influential people on the internet. Would you stay forever on the platform that made you famous or would you like to test something new? Maybe you should follow the example of YouTube star “PewDiePie” -aka Felix Kjellberg- who announced on his channel that would start a weekly show on Twitch, the Amazon-owned streaming platform. The name of the show is Best Club. But, why now? What made Felix to start a show on Twitch? As most of you know PewDiePie has over 50 million subscribers and his videos have many millions views. This popularity is translated into money. Lots and lots of money, But, YouTube is under scrutiny for a long time and major companies like Starbucks and Walmart don’t want to advertise their products and services because they don’t know where theirs ads will appear. And Google can not ensure that the ads will not end up next to offensive content. Kjellberg said on a video about YouTube: “The reason why people love YouTube is because it’s free, and it’s open, and you can say whatever you want. It’s not like television, where everything is behind executive producers and people saying, ‘No you can’t say that! Because then we’ll do this!’ It seems like YouTube is forced to turn into television at this point. That’s gonna be bad for everyone. You want YouTube to continue being a free platform. I want YouTube to continue being a free platform. I understand that advertisers need to feel like they’re spending money and it doesn’t show up on racist videos. I understand that 100%. That’s a terrible thing. But the whole thing is just so massively overblown.” And let’s not forget that PewDiePie was also involved in another controversial fight between the media (and specifically The Wall Street Journal) and YouTube. According to a report from WSJ Felix Kjellberg made Nazi references and anti-Semitic jokes in some of his videos. Apparently this is a no-no. And maybe PewDiePie’s apology was enough for some but Disney and YouTube don’t support the internet star anymore. Now, you may think that this outcome made PewDiePIe to jump into Twitch but according to him this is not the reason. He decided to do this show “before [the controversy], so don’t read this the wrong way. I wanted to start doing streams on Twitch.” Kjellberg will not quit his channel and he will continue to upload videos because he still has more than 50 million subscribers. PewDiePie is famous enough to make money and find success in other platforms, but what about the “smaller” channels? Without the support of advertising how will they survive? Time will show about their fate. Share the joy 1 1 1 1         4 Shares Share this: Reddit Email Facebook Skype Twitter Tumblr Google LinkedIn More Pinterest Author: Martha Papadimitriou Martha is a journalist, a blog writer, a mother and a bookworm. She studied Journalism and Communication and graduated in 2002. She has a restless spirit and loves to learn new things. Martha also wants to make the world a better place, and when she is not working she enjoys reading and cooking. Share This Post On Google Facebook Twitter Search SocialBarrel.com Search for: Subscribe! Our Sponsor Create your online store with WixStores! Our Sponsor Recent From Social Media News Facebook Messenger Group Payment Is Now Available In The US Apr 11, 2017 Instagram merges two features into one as it launches “Instagram new Direct” feature Apr 11, 2017 YouTube star PewDiePie has a new show on Twitch Apr 11, 2017 Facebook now has 5 million advertisers on its platform Apr 10, 2017 Facebook integrates Call-to-Action units into Instant Articles Apr 8, 2017 Advertisement Home About us Our Team Privacy Contact Write for us Advertise With Us! A Venture Geeks project Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Menu asia times EST 1995 Politics | The insecurity of inequality Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Like Follow Follow Subscribe To The Daily Brief Search Main China India Regions Northeast Asia Southeast Asia South Asia Central Asia Middle East Opinion More Politics Business Culture About Us Search TheBrief Main Latest 12-04-2017 13:09 Japan's navy plans a joint show of force with the US Navy’s USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier strike group as it steams towards the Korean Peninsula aimed at deterring secretive North Korean regime from further missile tests, two sources said. (Reuters) 12-04-2017 12:46 Investors are doubling down on Macau casino stocks as the gambling enclave shows signs of a turnaround after reporting gaming revenues grew at the fastest pace in three years. (Nick Westra) 12-04-2017 12:31 Ties between India and Pakistan have hit rock bottom after a military court in Pakistan handed down a death sentence to an Indian national on spying and terror charges. (E Jaya Kumar) 12-04-2017 12:29 A 15-year-old Hong Kong secondary student rushing to get to school on time died after a minibus hit and dragged her for 10 meters on Tuesday morning in Tsz Wan Shan, Kowloon. (Asia Times staff) 12-04-2017 12:07 With Secretary of State Rex Tillerson’s statement that years of negotiations with North Korea have failed, it seems an American military response is no longer unthinkable. But the US still hasn’t played all its cards and ought to before rolling the dice with a military strike. (Grant Newsham) 12-04-2017 11:19 Chinese consumer prices rose at a subdued pace for a second month in March. Ex-factory gate producer prices also receded after hitting an eight-year high in February. (Steve Wang and Liu Hsiu Wen) 12-04-2017 07:49 Hard-core vinyl fans fuel revival of obscure Japanese music (The Japan Times) 12-04-2017 07:39 The casino industry has spent years and billions of dollars on reinventing itself around entertainment for all the family and the next bet on the market to take the model to a whole new level is Japan. Galaxy Entertainment has some ideas on that. (Daniel Hurst and Peter Langan) 12-04-2017 07:27 North Korean state media warned on Tuesday of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression, as a US Navy strike group steamed toward the western Pacific – a force US President Donald Trump described as an "armada." (Reuters) 12-04-2017 05:01 Asian property investors are looking inward as returns at home improve, and as political and policy uncertainty in Europe and the US persists. (Asia Unhedged) 12-04-2017 03:02 Alibaba and Foxconn-backed Best Logistics Technology could be the biggest listing in the US by a Chinese firm this year. (Asia Unhedged) 12-04-2017 02:42 Foxconn has bid as much as US$27 billion for Toshiba’s computer-chip business, an offer that will be hard to refuse, despite hopes that the company find a Japanese buyer. (Asia Unhedged) 12-04-2017 00:47 Australia announced Monday the purchase of a US$1.5 billion surface-to-air missile system from US defense contractor Raytheon, as China’s economic and military might expand in the region. (Asia Unhedged) 12-04-2017 00:19 The Chinese government said on Monday that the country’s domestic cloud computing industry will be worth more than US$62 billion by 2019, and they expect Chinese firms to establish themselves on the global scene. (Asia Unhedged) 11-04-2017 23:29 Vietnam's GDP growth is expected to continue accelerating through 2018, but agricultural reforms are needed to keep pace with other Southeast Asian economies in the sector. (Asia Unhedged) 11-04-2017 22:48 China Mobile and China Telecom have announced they will launch China’s first trial 5G network in the Xiongan New Area, a development zone unveiled less than two weeks ago. (Asia Unhedged) 11-04-2017 22:27 Opinion // The insecurity of inequality (Kaushik Basu) 11-04-2017 21:45 20 years after the Asian financial crisis, economists see a bright outlook for Southeast Asian economies, despite challenges that persist. (Asia Unhedged) 11-04-2017 21:03 Opinion // Trump’s Middle East supporters (Barak Barfi) 11-04-2017 20:59 The World Bank forecasts close to 7% economic growth for the Philippines over the next three years, putting the country near the top in Asia in terms of growth expectations. (Asia Unhedged) 11-04-2017 20:49 The US could do worse than to revive a mothballed Star Wars-era laser to test China's space supremacy and protect its networks of military satellites. (Angelo M Codevilla) 11-04-2017 20:38 The first freight train route from the UK to China set off on Monday, as the UK shores up trade relationships ahead of its exit from the European Union. (Asia Unhedged) 11-04-2017 20:08 China has announced the opening of a long-delayed oil pipline through Myanmar as President Htin Kyaw finishes up a six-day state visit to Beijing. (Asia Unhedged) 11-04-2017 19:45 Corporate restructuring in the works in Japan, South Korea and China could unlock greater shareholder returns. (Asia Unhedged) 11-04-2017 19:40 Opinion // The Dalai Lama factor in Sino-Indian relations (Shashi Tharoor) 11-04-2017 19:11 A 35-year-old Gambian asylum seeker was jailed for 15 months by Hong Kong’s District Court on one count of indecent assault and another of common assault against his local wife’s aunt. (Asia Times staff) 11-04-2017 18:52 Vodafone wants the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India to take action against Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Jio for offering freebies in violation of norms. (Asia Times staff) 11-04-2017 18:44 Myanmar has started shutting down three displacement camps in strife-torn Rakhine state, a senior official said Tuesday, although it was not immediately clear where the inhabitants would go. (Agence France-Presse) 11-04-2017 18:33 Whale cams reveal secret Antarctic feeding habits (The Japan Times) 11-04-2017 18:15 Toshiba on Tuesday warned its survival was at risk as the struggling Japanese industrial giant reported a loss of US$4.8 billion in long-overdue financial results. (Agence France-Presse and Reuters) the brief PoliticsInequalityTop Pick The insecurity of inequality By Kaushik Basu April 11, 2017 10:27 PM (UTC+8) Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Share 0 Comment 0 Asia Times is not responsible for the opinions, facts or any media content presented by contributors. In case of abuse, click here to report. Global inequality today is at a level last seen in the late 19th century – and it is continuing to rise. With it has come a surging sense of disenfranchisement that has fueled alienation and anger, and even bred nationalism and xenophobia. As people struggle to hold on to their shrinking share of the pie, their anxiety has created a political opening for opportunistic populists, shaking the world order in the process. The gap between rich and poor nowadays is mind-boggling. Oxfam has observed that the world’s eight richest people now own as much wealth as the poorest 3.6 billion. As US Senator Bernie Sanders recently pointed out, the Walton family, which owns Walmart, now owns more wealth than the bottom 42% of the US population. I can offer my own jarring comparison. Using Credit Suisse’s wealth database, I found that the total wealth of the world’s three richest people exceeds that of all the people in three countries – Angola, Burkina Faso, and the Democratic Republic of Congo – which together have a population of 122 million. To be sure, great progress on reducing extreme poverty – defined as consumption of less than US$1.90 per day – has been achieved in recent decades. In 1981, 42% of the world’s population lived in extreme poverty. By 2013 – the last year for which we have comprehensive data – that share had dropped to below 11%. Piecemeal evidence suggests that extreme poverty now stands just above 9%. That is certainly something to celebrate. But our work is far from finished. And, contrary to popular belief, that work must not be confined to the developing world. As Angus Deaton recently pointed out, extreme poverty remains a serious problem in rich countries, too. “Several million Americans – black, white, and Hispanic – now live in households with per capita income of less than US$2 per day,” he points out. Given the much higher cost of living (including shelter), he notes, such an income can pose an even greater challenge in a country like the US than it does in, say, India. This constraint is apparent in New York City, where the number of known homeless people has risen from 31,000 in 2002 to 63,000 today. (The true figure, including those who have never used shelters, is about 5% higher.) This trend has coincided with a steep rise in the price of housing: over the last decade, rents have been rising more than three times as fast as wages. Ironically, the wealthy pay less, per unit, for many goods and services. A stark example is flying. Thanks to frequent flier programs, wealthy travelers pay less for each mile they fly. While this makes sense for airlines, which want to foster loyalty among frequent fliers, it represents yet another way in which wealth is rewarded in the marketplace. This phenomenon is also apparent in poor economies. A study of Indian villages showed that the poor face systematic price discrimination, exacerbating inequality. In fact, correcting for differences in prices paid by the rich and the poor improves the Gini coefficient (a common measure of inequality) by 12%-23%. The better off also get a whole host of goods for free. To name one seemingly trivial example, I can’t remember when I last bought a pen. They often simply appear on my desk, unintentionally left behind by people who stopped by my office. They vanish just as often, as people inadvertently pick them up. The late Khushwant Singh, a renowned Indian journalist, once said that he attended conferences only to stock up on pens and paper. A non-trivial example is taxation. Rather than paying the most in taxes, the wealthiest people are often able to take advantage of loopholes and deductions that are not available to those earning less. Without having to break any rules, the wealthy receive what amount to subsidies, which would have a far larger positive impact if they were allocated to the poorest people. Beyond these concrete inequities, there are less obvious – but equally damaging – imbalances. In any situation where, legally, one’s rights are not enforced or even specified, the outcome will probably depend on custom, which is heavily skewed in favor of the rich. Wealthy citizens can not only vote; they can influence elections through donations and other means. In this sense, excessive wealth inequality can undermine democracy. Of course, in any well-run economy, a certain amount of inequality is inevitable and even needed, to create incentives and power the economy. But, nowadays, disparities of income and wealth have become so extreme and entrenched that they cross generations, with family wealth and inheritance having a far greater impact on one’s economic prospects than talent and hard work. And it works both ways: just as children from wealthy families are significantly more likely to be wealthy in adulthood, children of, say, former child laborers are more likely to work during their childhood. None of this is any individual’s fault. Many wealthy citizens have contributed to society and played by the rules. The problem is that the rules are often skewed in their favor. In other words, income inequality stems from systemic flaws. In our globalized world, inequality cannot be left to markets and local communities to solve any more than climate change can. As the consequences of rising domestic inequality feed through to geopolitics, eroding stability, the need to devise new rules, redistribution systems, and even global agreements is no longer a matter of morals; increasingly, it is a matter of survival. Copyright: Project Syndicate, 2017. ; The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox Share Tweet Linkedin Email Politics Inequality populism Project Syndicate economics Opinion World Taxation Kaushik Basu Kaushik Basu, a former chief economist of the World Bank, is Professor of Economics at Cornell University. Comments More on this topic Populism is poison. Plural cities are the antedote World Economic Forum Filipino filmmaker fears deeper divisions Mathew Scott How UK’s Spectator and Milton Friedman misconstrue Hong Kong Kenny Hodgart EVEN MORE asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin Explore Main China Northeast Asia Insights Southeast Asia World Politics Business Culture Trending Topics #South Asia #Japan #Middle East #India #Koreas #South China Sea #Hong Kong About About Asia Times Contact Us Advertise with Us Write for Us Terms of Use Privacy The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox © 2017 Asia Times Holdings Limited, All Rights Reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
Share 272 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-04-12 Madonna’s Unsurprising Opinion On Kendall Jenner’s Pepsi Ad Entertainment 2017-04-12 J Geils Ex-Wife, Kristine Geils, And Bandmates Mourn Death Of ‘Centerfold’ Guitarist Entertainment 2017-04-12 ’13 Reasons Why’: A Book-To-Screen Adaptation That Works Entertainment 2017-04-11 Du Yun’s Opera About Human Trafficking, ‘Angel’s Bone,’ Wins Music Pulitzer Prize News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-04-11 UEFA Champions League Match Postponed As Borussia Dortmund Bus Attacked News 2017-04-11 Mattis Syria Conference: Defense Chief Contradicts Spicer & Tillerson, Says Assad Regime Change Not A Plan News 2017-04-11 Doctor Dragged Off United Flight Was Convicted Of Felony Of Offering Prescription Drugs For Sex With Patient News 2017-04-11 United Airlines Shares Drop After Passenger Dragged From Flight: Backlash Continues Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-04-11 WWE News: TJ Perkins Comments On His ‘WWE Raw’ Heel Turn At The Expense Of Austin Aries Wrestling 2017-04-11 WWE News: Full Recap Of All Superstar Shake-Up Moves After Tonight’s ‘SmackDown’ – 13 Superstars Leave ‘Raw’ Wrestling 2017-04-11 WWE News: Finn Balor Injured Again Last Night On ‘Raw,’ Return To Ring Unknown Wrestling 2017-04-11 WWE News: Fans Petition WWE To Fire Braun Strowman After Roman Reigns Attack & Ambulance Flip Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-04-10 Easter 2017: Discover New Traditions To Enliven Your Easter Weekend Lifestyle 2017-04-08 Easter Sunday Activities 2017: Find Out Where You Can Spend Easter Sunday With Your Family Lifestyle 2017-04-06 Easter Cakes You And Your Kids Will Love: Recipes For Dirt Cake, Wilton’s, Peeps, Bunny, Carrot And More Fashion, Lifestyle 2017-04-06 Lululemon: Yoga Clothing Global Ad Campaign Set To Target Millennials Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-04-09 How Planned Parenthood Can Be Defunded And The GOP Can Still Help Women In New Healthcare Bill [Opinion] Health 2017-04-09 Live Forever: Scientists Research Immortality With Cybernetics, DNA Tinkering, New Drugs And Cloning Health 2017-04-09 Parasitic Worm Infections Multiply In Hawaii: Is Climate Change The Cause Of Rat Lungworm Spread? Health 2017-04-08 Wonder Bacteria From Pets Prevent Allergies, Obesity Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-04-11 ‘Star Wars: Battlefront 2’ Trailer Leaks, Confirms All Eras Plus Campaign Twist, Jedi And Sith Gaming 2017-04-11 ‘Call Of Duty: Black Ops 2’ Finally Joins Xbox One Backward Compatibility With Solid Performance Gaming 2017-04-11 ‘Overwatch’ Uprising Event Now Live With Co-Op Brawl, Major Lucio Changes On PC, PS4, Xbox One Gaming 2017-04-11 ‘Destiny’ April Iron Banner: What You Need To Know To Control The Zones BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-04-12 Why Does Barack’s Hair Appear Full Gray On Vacation? Only Michelle Obama Knows For Sure [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-04-11 White House Has A Passover Seder, But Donald Trump, Ivanka, And Jared Kushner Skip It BuzzWorthy 2017-04-11 Animal Adventure Park: Does Latest Update Indicate April The Giraffe Is Any Closer To Giving Birth? BuzzWorthy 2017-04-11 Sean Spicer Video: Hitler Didn’t Use Chemical Weapons In World War 2 ‘Holocaust Center,’ Didn’t Gas ‘Innocent’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Elizabeth Thomas: Las Vegas YouTuber Captures Man And Girl On Camera, Is It Missing Teen And Tad Cummins? Crime 272 0 0 April 11, 2017 Elizabeth Thomas: Las Vegas YouTuber Captures Man And Girl On Camera, Is It Missing Teen And Tad Cummins? Aaron Homer Has Elizabeth Thomas been spotted in Las Vegas? A YouTube poker vlogger captured what might be the missing Tennessee teenager and her alleged abductor walking past the camera in a crowd, and commenters are convinced that this is a promising lead in the ongoing investigation into her disappearance. As the Tennessean reports, 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas, of Tennessee, has been missing since March 13. She is believed to have either voluntarily left with or have been abducted by her former teacher, 50-year-old Tad Cummins. Cummins was fired from his teaching job after multiple incidents of the two being caught together having inappropriate contact. Thomas’ family believes that Cummins groomed and manipulated the vulnerable young girl into a relationship with him. Since going missing, Thomas has been definitively spotted in a nearby Alabama town hours after she went missing, and then again at an Oklahoma Walmart two weeks later. Now, it appears, a YouTube user may have captured the missing pair in Las Vegas. YouTuber TheTrooper97, who posts vlogs mostly related to his career playing poker professionally in Las Vegas, posted a video titled “Back in Business” on April 6, which he says was shot on April 5. At around 0:51 in the video, during a crowd scene that the videographer filmed to set the mood, a middle-aged man and teenage girl walk by the camera. Unfortunately, the video owner has disabled embedding, so you will have to follow the link in the previous sentence to see the video for yourself (the man and girl walk by at about 0:51). Below, however, is a screen shot of the scene in question. A middle-aged man and teenage girl, possibly resembling Elizabeth Thomas and Tad Cummins, were spotted in Las Vegas. [Image by YouTube] By way of comparison, below, courtesy of the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation (TBI), is a photo of Cummins and Thomas. Amber Alert issued for Elizabeth Thomas and her alleged abductor, Tad Cummins. [Image by Tennessee Bureau of Investigation] In the comments section of Trooper’s video, viewers are convinced they’ve landed on a convincing lead. Patrick Doran: “trooper not sure if you noticed at :51 into the vid you recorded the teacher that took that teenage girl, you should contact the police immediately and tell them where exactly this was at” Patricia Buckley: “wow. Trooper at the :50 second mark,you captured the teacher,and missing teenage girl they are looking for. did you notice that?” At this time, two important points need to be made. First and foremost, there is no official evidence that Thomas and Cummins are, or were, in Las Vegas, and any speculation that a YouTube vlogger captured them in Sin City is just that: speculation. While the two people in question do bear striking similarities to the missing teen and her alleged abductor, lacking sophisticated facial-recognition software or other evidence, it could very well be that these are just two people who happen to look similar. Second, the fact that Cummins would bring Thomas to Las Vegas — where tens of thousands of eyes would be on them, to say nothing of security cameras everywhere — stands in sharp contrast to what the TBI believes. Specifically, the TBI believes that Cummins may have taken Thomas off the grid; he’s believed to have watched survival shows on TV in order to prepare for living life away from society. Further, the TBI is specifically asking people in rural areas — campgrounds, for example — to keep an eye out for the missing pair. This is a developing story. More information about Elizabeth Thomas and Tad Cummins having possibly been spotted in Las Vegas, or anywhere else, will be provided as it becomes available. [Featured Image by Twitter/Tennessee Bureau of Investigation] Share 272 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Aaron Homer Tags: amber alert, child abduction, Tad Cummins April 11, 2017 Is Casey Anthony Pregnant? Report Claims Notorious Mom Is Expecting Again, Hoping For A Girl April 10, 2017 George Anthony: Casey Anthony’s Father Believes She Killed Daughter Caylee With Deadly Dose Of Medication Comments LATEST HEADLINES Update on April The Giraffe: Giving Birth Soon? Madonna’s Unsurprising Opinion On Kendall Jenner’s Pepsi Ad J Geils Ex-Wife, Kristine Geils, And Bandmates Mourn Death Of ‘Centerfold’ Guitarist ‘My 600-lb Life’: The Incredible Story Of The Assanti Brothers, Steven And Justin Dakota Johnson Not Dating, Brother Jesse Fools ‘Fifty Shades Darker’ And Jamie Dornan Fans ’13 Reasons Why’: A Book-To-Screen Adaptation That Works Pippa Middleton And Fiance James Matthews’ Wedding Welcomes Kate’s Kids, Not Prince Harry’s Girlfriend Meghan? Why Does Barack’s Hair Appear Full Gray On Vacation? Only Michelle Obama Knows For Sure [Opinion] ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ Trailer: When, Where, And How To Watch The First Footage Why Is Bradley Cooper And Irina Shayk’s Baby Name French? Sports Illustrated Model Not Having Son In 2017 Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Richard Spencer Attacked: Alt Right Leader Just Punched In The Face Again, Then Glitter Bombed 21k 0 0 Howard Dean Should Apologize To Tulsi Gabbard And Retire From Public Life [Opinion] 5.6k 0 0 Democrats Turn On Tulsi Gabbard Over Skepticism That Assad Launched Chemical Attack 4.5k 0 0 Freedom From Religion Foundation Thanks Mike Pence For Inspiring Donations In Excess Of $104k 3.3k 0 0 WWE News: Fans Petition WWE To Fire Braun Strowman After Roman Reigns Attack & Ambulance Flip 2.2k 0 0 WWE News: Bill Goldberg May Be Making Yet Another WWE Comeback 2.1k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 9 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Survey: For gas, Costco favored over Sam's, BJ's Costco may have taken the overall title in its category, but it did not receive top marks in all criteria in this survey. Post to Facebook Survey: For gas, Costco favored over Sam's, BJ's Costco may have taken the overall title in its category, but it did not receive top marks in all criteria in this survey.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2onKphn {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Survey: For gas, Costco favored over Sam's, BJ's Daniel B. Kline, The Motley Fool 9:01 a.m. ET April 11, 2017 Costco may have taken the overall title in its category, but it did not receive top marks in all criteria in this survey. Price is important, but it's not the only factor when it comes to people deciding where to fill up. (Photo: Getty Images) 9 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Costco (NASDAQ: COST) has retaken the top spot among grocery stores and big-box retailers in an annual Market Force Information survey of Americans' favorite places to get gas. The warehouse club had fallen behind BJ's in 2016 after coming in first in 2015 by a large margin, according to Market Force. In 2017, Costco took back the No. 1 spot while Walmart's (NYSE: WMT) Sam's Club came in second, BJ's dropped to a tie for third with Kroger, Walmart itself took fourth, and Safeway came in fifth. Over 11,000 consumers took part in the annual survey that ranks gas stations in two categories: (1) traditional gas stations and convenience stores and (2) grocery stores and big-box retailers with gas pumps. Returning to No. 1 in its category was good news for Costco, but not everything Market Force found was positive for the warehouse club chain. Traditional gas stations still rule While Costco tops the grocery and big-box category, people still prefer to buy their gas at conventional stations, even though their prices tend to be higher (especially when you factor in loyalty rewards), according to Market Force. "For their most recent trip to the pump, 71% of drivers visited a gas station compared to 29% who visited a grocer, warehouse club or big-box retailer," according to Market Force. "Other key influencers in choosing a fueling stop are good lighting, fuel quality and payment options." Among traditional gas stations, QuikTrip ranked as America's favorite, beating last year's winner, the similarly named Kwik Trip, which fell to fifth place. Cumberland Farms came in second, while Sheetz placed third, and Wawa was ranked fourth. What are consumers looking for? While 77% of consumers ranked price as the most important factor when it comes to picking a place to fill up, that was not the only issue that concerned them. Security, fuel quality, easy ways to pay, and ease of entry/exit, were all named as contributing factors to making their gas station choice by over 40% of the 11,000 people surveyed. Costco may have taken the overall title in its category, but it did not receive top marks in all criteria. Market Force noted that the warehouse club chain "led in most them," but tied with Safeway for last in ease of getting in and out and was alone at the bottom when it came to cleaning supply availability, a category that was considered important by less than 6% of those surveyed. Second place Sam's Club scored top marks in ease of getting in and out, tied with its sister brand Walmart, while the warehouse club chain ranked second on its own to Costco for fuel quality, price, pump speed and appearance. Grocery and big-box chains had low overall marks when it came to speed of payment authorization, probably due to the extra time needed to process loyalty cards, according to Market Force. What does this mean? While Costco members may be joining the club in part because of its gas stations, fill-up stops do not generally lead to added visits to the actual stores, according to this data. "Only 19% said they made an additional retail purchase when they last filled up at a grocer or big-box store, and, of those, most purchased from BJ's," wrote Market Force. However, cheaper gas clearly drives customer loyalty, especially when already low prices are enhanced with cash back from rewards credit cards or programs like Costco's Executive Membership, which offers 2% back on purchases up to $750 back a year. To hold onto its top rating, Costco may have to address the ease of getting into and out of its gas stations. That may be a challenge for existing locations since the warehouse club generally offers one-way traffic at its stations, which are often inside its parking lots rather than directly off the street. Still, this is a win for Costco, which has clearly overcome its shortcoming by offering low prices, and easy-to-use (if not easy to enter and exit) stations. Going forward, that should remain a reason consumers join or renew their memberships with the warehouse club. Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. The Motley Fool is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news, analysis and commentary designed to help people take control of their financial lives. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY. Offer from the Motley Fool: 10 stocks we like better than Costco Wholesale When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now... and Costco Wholesale wasn't one of them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017 9 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2onKphn
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News New England Patriots Owner Robert Kraft, Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan and Deloitte CEO Cathy Engelbert to headline the second Bloomberg Breakaway Summit NEW YORK, April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Bloomberg today announced the agenda for the Bloomberg Breakaway Summit, a two-day conference in New York City on May 2-3, 2017. Now in its second year, this exclusive summit brings together a select group of CEOs from high-growth companies and other business leaders for discussions on the most pressing issues affecting commerce today. The program features a combination of exclusive interviews with corporate leaders, top investors, and industry experts, and immersive workshops focused on creating solutions to win in today’s disruptive business environment. Speakers include New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft, Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan, Deloitte CEO Cathy Engelbert, AOL co-founder and Revolution LLC chairman Steve Case, Walmart U.S. e-commerce President and CEO Marc Lore, and entrepreneur Michael Rubin; among many others. „The Bloomberg Breakaway summit is the cornerstone in a series of 2017 events for the Breakaway members that enable CEOs of fast-growth companies to interact in a hands-on way with experts in the business areas that matter to their companies,” said Stephen Colvin, Global Head of Bloomberg LIVE. „The stellar lineup of speakers and CEOs in the audience ensures that the 2017 summit will be another great success for attendees, speakers, and our sponsor partners.” Members of Bloomberg Breakaway include Linda Blair, president and CEO, ITC Holdings Corp.; Robert D’Loren, chairman & CEO, Xcel Brands; Kara Goldin, founder and CEO, hint Inc.; Diane Hoskins, FAIA, NCARB, Co-CEO, Gensler; Frank Longobardi, CEO, CohnReznick; Torben Möger Pedersen, CEO, PensionDanmark; Andra Rush, President & CEO, Detroit Manufacturing Systems; Yehuda Shmidman, CEO, Sequential Brands Group; Gary Vaynerchuk, CEO, VaynerMedia; Rosa Whitaker, president and CEO, The Whitaker Group; and many others. In addition to the annual summit, members receive a host of benefits including exclusive data and intelligence from Bloomberg and priority invitations to special events and roundtable discussions throughout the year. During the 2017 Bloomberg Breakaway Summit, members will participate in hands-on, solutions-oriented workshops around one of four key themes – The Digital CEO, AI and Social Impact, Leveraging the Finance Department for Growth, and Strategies for a New Workforce. Each workshop will be summarized and published by Bloomberg Media following the summit. „We are excited to once again offer the Bloomberg Breakaway Summit audience a slate of carefully programmed and highly interactive workshops focusing on the most pressing issues facing business leaders today,” said Mark Miller, Editor of Bloomberg LIVE. „These workshops provide our members an opportunity not only to engage with their peers but also to learn from one another, a hallmark of the Bloomberg Breakaway experience.”  Full list of speakers at the Bloomberg Breakaway Summit: The Bloomberg Breakaway Summit is sponsored by American Airlines Group, Hitachi, and Zebra Technologies. To learn more about the Bloomberg Breakaway Summit, including additional detail on the speakers, membership, agenda, and sponsors, please visit: http://www.bloomberglive.com/breakaway/ Follow the conversation on Twitter with @BloombergLIVE and #BloombergBreakaway. Bloomberg LIVE convenes newsmakers, influencers and up-and-comers for candid and compelling conferences that complement the journalism Bloomberg creates for TV, print, digital, radio and the Bloomberg terminal–the world’s most valuable online community comprised of hundreds of thousands of financial professionals. The gatherings provide essential content and bring top leaders together to exchange ideas and share expertise with their peers. Attendance is by invitation only. About Bloomberg Bloomberg, the global business and financial information and news leader, gives influential decision-makers a critical edge by connecting them to a dynamic network of information, people, and ideas. The company’s strength – delivering data, news, and analytics through innovative technology quickly and accurately – is at the core of the Bloomberg Professional service, which provides real-time financial information to approximately 325,000 subscribers globally. For more information, visit bloomberg.com or request a demo. SOURCE Bloomberg CategoriesUncategorized TagsEconomic News, Trends, Analysis, Trade Show News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious On Our Radar: The At-Home Beauty Tool Revolution Next PostNext Cities of Service Significantly Expands Disaster Preparedness Program in Cities Across U.S. Search Recent Posts Spring 2017 Prescribed Burns (Prescribed Fire) New River Fire (Wildfire) joimax® Celebrates Its 10th Anniversary with 900 Users in China and Reports a Jump in Q1-2017 Sales RT. 655 BRIDGE TO CLOSE FOR REHABILITATION APRIL 17 – Use alternate routes during four-week closure of Rappahannock County bridge Asia-Pacific Automotive Glass Film Market by Production, Import, Export and Consumption Forecast & Regional Analysis by 2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Advertisement Home News Top Stories Local State National World Politics Crime Business Industry Sports High School McNeese State LSU Saints & NFL National Scoreboard Prep Football Schedules Prep Football Stats Outdoors Opinion Jim Beam Scooter Hobbs Informer by Andrew Perzo American Press Editorials Entertainment Features Events Calendar Life Submit Life Event School Lunch Menu Obits Obituaries Local Funeral Homes Submit Obituaries Classifieds Classified Ads Build Your Own Classified Ad ePaper Today's ePaper ePaper Archives Subscribe to the ePaper Sample 50 Years Ago Subscribers Account Services Subscribe Real Estate Home Preview Galleries Featured Galleries Buy Photos Contact Us Contact Us Advertise Shutterbugs Policy About Us Wednesday, April 12, 2017 Southwest Louisiana , Jeff Davis Parish crawfish farmer Burt Tietje discusses the growing cycle of crawfish Monday as students from Moss Bluff Elementary School visit his 65-acre crawfish pond in Roanoke. Tietje uses the tours to promote the importance of agriculture on the local economy and let students know where their food comes from. (Doris Maricle/American Press) Moss Bluff Elementary students experience crawfish farm Last Modified: Tuesday, April 11, 2017 8:27 AM By Doris Maricle / American Press ROANOKE — Students from Moss Bluff Elementary School received a first-hand look Monday at how crawfish go from the farm to the dinner table. Six classes of first-graders, their teachers, parents and grandparents spent the morning touring a crawfish farm and processing facility in Roanoke in Jeff Davis Parish. The group also visited to the Gator Chateau in Jennings to learn about alligators. “Our goal is for the students to see the cultural aspects of living in the unique state of Louisiana,” teacher Brittni Conrad said. For local crawfish, rice and vegetable farmer Burt Tietje, the tours are a way to promote the importance of agriculture on the local economy and let students know where their food comes from. “We want them to know that food doesn’t come from a box on a shelf or stores like Kroger or Walmart, or restaurants like McDonald’s or Burger King,” he said “It comes from places like this.” Tietje plants about 200 acres of rice each year and about 115 acres of crawfish on his 440-acre farm in rural Jeff Davis Parish. “It’s all about the rural nature of Jeff Davis Parish and what we have to sell,” Tietje said. “We sell authenticity. It’s not Disneyland with fantasy. Here they can see planes flying over. Trucks going down the road. They see where the farmers work.” Nearly 110,000 acres of crawfish are produced annually in Jeff Davis and Acadia parishes, with 160,000 acres of rice, Tietje said. Together the two parishes produce 65 million pounds of crawfish, which generates nearly $92 million in the local farm economy. For the past nine years, Tietje has opened his 65-acre crawfish pond off Farm Supply Road just west of Jennings to visitors as part of a crawfish tour sponsored by the Jeff Davis Parish Tourism Commission. The tours run from March to May, during the crawfish harvest season. “We want people to learn where their food comes from and understand the origin of everything they put in their mouth,” Tietje. “We also want them to understand how important the crawfish industry is to Louisiana.” Tietje conducts about 30 tours a year with 3,000 people visiting the farm last year. During the tour, Tietje talked about the life cycle of the crawfish, how they work into the crop rotations and harvesting. He also talked about the various predators, weather and other problems crawfish farmers face on a daily basis. “I learned how you catch crawfish and put them in a boat,” first grader Marlee Duhon said. Classmate Addyson Domingue was surprised to learn how crawfish farmers use the traps to catch the crawfish and how important crawfish is to our food sources and the economy. “I learned that crawfish is healthy for you and that this is how they get crawfish,” first grader Madilyn Walker said. Lindsey Davis, a first grader, said it was interesting to see how farmers catch the crawfish and how the crawfish live on the farm. Print Page Email to a Friend Comments (0 ) Comments made about this article - 0 Total Comment on this article Title: Comments: Your Name: (required - shown on comment approval) Enter text seen above: Copyright © 2017 American Press Privacy Policies: American Press Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Terra Tech Corp. Presentation Now Available for On-Demand Viewing Company invites individual and institutional investors as well as advisors to log-on to VirtualInvestorConferences.com to view presentation IRVINE, Calif., April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — TERRA TECH CORP. (OTCQX: TRTC), a vertically integrated cannabis-focused agriculture company,  today announced that the April 6 presentation by Derek Peterson, Chief Executive Officer, is now available for on-demand viewing at VirtualInvestorConferences.com. LINK: https://tinyurl.com/0406postpr Terra Tech’s presentation will be available 24/7 for 90 days. Investors and advisors may download shareholder materials from the „virtual trade booth” for the next three weeks. Company highlights: Total revenues for the full year 2016 were up 154% to $25.33 million Revenue Guidance for the full year 2017 in the range of $38 – $40 Million Fast growing business with existing cash flow-generation Favorable trends position medical cannabis industry for explosive growth Full vertical integration Early adopter in a rapidly-changing industry Significant existing infrastructure, industry knowledge and political leverage To be added to the Terra Tech email distribution list, please email TRTC@kcsa.com with TRTC in the subject line. Learn more about the event at www.VirtualInvestorConferences.com. About Terra Tech Terra Tech Corp. (OTCQX: TRTC) operates through multiple subsidiary businesses including: Blüm, IVXX Inc., Edible Garden, MediFarm LLC and GrowOp Technology.  Blüm’s retail medical cannabis facilities focus on providing the highest quality medical cannabis to patients who are looking for alternative treatments for their chronic medical conditions. Blüm offers a broad selection of medical cannabis products including; flowers, concentrates and edibles through its Oakland, CA and multiple Nevada locations. IVXX, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Terra Tech that produces medical cannabis-extracted products for regulated medical cannabis dispensaries throughout California. The Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Edible Garden, cultivates a premier brand of local and sustainably grown hydroponic produce, sold through major grocery stores such as ShopRite, Walmart, Winn-Dixie, Raley’s, Meijer, Kroger, and others throughout New Jersey, New York, Delaware, Maryland, Connecticut, Pennsylvania and the Midwest. Terra Tech’s MediFarm LLC subsidiaries are focused on medical cannabis cultivation and permitting businesses throughout Nevada. The Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary GrowOp Technology, specializes in controlled environment agricultural technologies.  For more information about Terra Tech Corp visit: http://www.terratechcorp.com/  For more information about IVXX visit: http://ivxx.com/  For more information about Blüm Nevada visit: http://letsblum.com For more information about Blüm Oakland visit: http://blumoak.com/  Visit us on Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/terratechcorp/timeline  Follow us on Twitter @terratechcorp  Follow us on Instagram @socal_IVXX  For more information about Edible Garden visit: http://www.ediblegarden.com/  Visit Edible Garden on Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/ediblefarms?fref=ts  Visit IVXX on Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/ivxxbrand?fref=ts About VirtualInvestorConferences.com Since 2010, VirtualInvestorConferences.com, created by BetterInvesting (NAIC) and PRNewswire, has been the only monthly virtual investor conference series that provides an interactive forum for presenting companies to meet directly with investors using a graphically-enhanced online platform. Designed to replicate the look and feel of location-based investor conferences, Virtual Investor Conferences unites PR Newswire’s leading-edge online conferencing and investor communications capabilities with BetterInvesting’s extensive retail investor audience network. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/terra-tech-corp-presentation-now-available-for-on-demand-viewing-300437709.html SOURCE Terra Tech Corp. CategoriesUncategorized TagsConference Call Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Oska® Wellness Celebrates One Year Anniversary Next PostNext Construction glass market is projected to register a significant Growth with approximately CAGR of 7% by 2022 Search Recent Posts Freightgate Awarded 2017 Top Logistics Technology Provider By Inbound Logistics Magazine Clear Sky Software Releases New Inventory Systems TeamTalk shareholders support Farmside transaction Spark’s offer to acquire TeamTalk has now lapsed Online platform help travelers see the world through private tours offered by thousands of partner local guides Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News CLR Roasters Cafe La Rica Brand Becomes Official Cafecito of Miami Marlins MLB Team SAN DIEGO, CA – (NewMediaWire) – April 11, 2017 – Youngevity International, Inc. (OTCQX: YGYI) today announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary CLR Roasters has forged a partnership with Major League Baseball’s Miami Marlins — to feature the Café La Rica Gourmet Espresso as the „Official Cafecito of the Miami Marlins” for all home games. Café La Rica Gourmet Espresso will be available starting today when the Marlins play the Atlanta Braves at Marlins Park in their home opener. Café La Rica espresso is a unique blend of the finest coffees, offering a fine aroma, thick crema, and a bold flavor true to the authentic Cuban coffee tradition. Café La Rica, over the past 3 years, has been one of the faster growing espresso brands and this Co-Branding opportunity with the Miami Marlins is expected to further enhance Cafe La Rica’s relationship with its retail partners. Café La Rica is available in Publix, Presidente, Fresco Y Más, Sedanos, Sam’s Club, Wal-Mart, Winn-Dixie and various local independent stores. Under the terms of the 3-year agreement, Café La Rica will: provide a branded Café La Rica coffee cart in the main promenade of the ballpark; enjoy messaging on the LED Ribbon Board during the „7th Inning Stretch MarlinsVision feature;” offer 90-second promotional spots on the in-park television network during all regular season home games; utilize first and third baseline rotational signage; and be able to utilize the trademarks of the Marlins on its packaging. „The Marlins agreement represents a significant milestone for CLR Roasters and its premier brand, Café La Rica,” stated Steve Wallach, Co-Founder, and CEO of Youngevity. „We look forward to reaching the millions of Marlins fans who attend home games every year. These fans are part of the vibrant Miami community that CLR Roasters has been, and will continue to be, proud to support.” „We are proud to have CLR’s Flagship brand, Café La Rica, standing alongside the prestigious brands of Pepsi and Budweiser which are also available to purchase at all Marlins home games,” continued Dave Briskie, President and CFO of Youngevity. Ernesto Aguila, The President of CLR Roasters stated, „This relationship with the Miami Marlins cements Café La Rica as the local brand of our community. The Marlins and Café La Rica are congruent in our message of providing loyal service to our community. This relationship should help strengthen our ties to this market and support our brand promise for years to come. All our coffees feature the finest growing environment, the best coffee beans available and certified processing capabilities. Miami is the U.S. gateway to Latin America — its young and vibrant population complements Youngevity, CLR Roasters’ and our Café La Rica Brand’s international audience.” As a result of this partnership with the Miami Marlins, Café La Rica has proudly arranged promotions with Au Bon Pain, Latin America, Espresso Gourmet and other fine food service establishments in South Florida.  „The Marlins are honored to partner with such a respected member of the Miami business community,” stated Brendan Cunningham, Vice President of Corporate Partnerships for the Miami Marlins. „With its Latin roots, CLR Roasters has captured the growing appeal apparent in its unique espresso blend from Central and Latin America for authentic Hispanic Cuban Cafecito. Café La Rica was chosen as the ‚Official Cafecito of the Miami Marlins’ because the brand inspires that ‚first class fan experience’ that the Marlins provide.”  Acquired in 2011, CLR is a mid-sized coffee roaster division that operates a 50,000 sq. ft roasting plant and distribution facility. CLR produces gourmet coffees under its own boutique brands, private label brands, and for Youngevity under JavaFit® and Be the Change Coffee. One hundred percent of the profits from Youngevity Be the Change Coffee support operations for the Youngevity Be The Change Foundation. CLR Roasters maintains the following certifications: USDA Organic, Fair Trade, Café de Colombia (sustainability focused) and OU Kosher. The division has obtained its Safe Quality Food (SQF level) two Certification. About CLR Roasters Youngevity’s coffee manufacturing division, CLR Roasters, was established in 2001 and is a wholly-owned subsidiary. CLR Roasters is a mid-sized coffee roaster that produces gourmet coffees under its own boutique brands — Café La Rica®, Josie’s Java House®, and Javalution®; manufactures a variety of private labels for major national chains; and for the direct selling channel under Youngevity International. The company remains one of the largest suppliers in North America to the cruise line industry. CLR was the first entrant into the fortified coffee niche with its Youngevity JavaFit® brand. In May 2014, CLR acquired a coffee plantation and processing facility in Nicaragua, allowing the entity to control coffee production and quality — from field to cup.  About Youngevity International, Inc. Youngevity International, Inc. (OTCQX: YGYI), is a leading omni-direct lifestyle company — offering a hybrid of the direct selling business model, that also offers e-commerce and the power of social selling. Assembling a virtual Main Street of products and services under one corporate entity, Youngevity offers proven products from the six top-selling retail categories: health/nutrition, home/family, food/beverage (including coffee), spa/beauty, apparel/jewelry, as well as innovative services. The Company was formed during the summer 2011 merger of Youngevity Essential Life Sciences with Javalution® Coffee Company (now part of the company’s food and beverage division). The resulting company became Youngevity International, Inc. in July 2013. For investor information, please visit YGYI.com. For general information on products and services, please visit us at youngevity.com. Keep up with our activities by liking us on Facebook and following us on Twitter. Safe Harbor Statement  This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as „may,” „should,” „potential,” „continue,” „expects,” „anticipates,” „intends,” „plans,” „believes,” „estimates,” „encouraged” and similar expressions and include statements regarding the further enhancing Cafe La Rica’s relationship with its retail partners, strengthening our ties to the local Miami market and supporting our brand promise for years to come. The forward-looking statements are based on management’s expectations and assumptions as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict that could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations and assumptions from those set forth or implied by any forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among others, the contribution of the Marlins agreement to our financial performance and growth and the other factors described in our filings with the SEC. The information in this release is provided only as of the date of this release, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this release based on new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CFN Media Releases Exclusive Video Series: Dr. Sue Sisley Unlocks Medical Marijuana Efficacy Through Science & Cultivation Next PostNext New Sensor From Honeywell Helps Building Owners And Consumers Monitor Air Quality Search Recent Posts Global Procure-To-Pay Outsourcing Market 2017 Size,Development Status,Type and Application,Segmentation,Forecast by 2022 Emoshape的情緒合成技術使「有情緒的」機器人構想終於成真 Emoshape的情绪合成技术使“有情绪的”机器人构想终于成真 Background Press Briefing on Syria, 4/11/2017 Fortis Inc. to Hold Teleconference on May 2 to Discuss First Quarter 2017 Results and Hold Annual and Special Meeting on May 4 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Apr 122017 E- Edition Newspaper Apr 12, 2017 Last Updated at 09:58 AST Home Subscribe E-Newsletter About Us Contact Us   Oman | Viral | Global | Motoring | Food | Celebrity | Sport National Life to float 25 per cent shares to public before August NRIs in Oman are not entitled to an Aadhaar Card A new international school will soon open in Oman Traders are pleading with landlords to reduce rent Oman inflation in March rose to 2.82 per cent Oman Omanisation | Tourism | Education | Environment | Health | Government | Transport | Science | Heritage Sultan Qaboos University listed among the best young universities globally UK seeks to boost trade with Oman by a billion pounds State Council Office discusses capital market and banking sector development in Oman Oman issues Government Treasury bills worth OMR65 million Oman, Lithuania sign joint communiqué   Helping underprivileged families in Oman is this firm’s way of giving back OmanPride: Courtyard culture comes to Oman OmanPride: Promoting the use of herbal medicines OmanPride: Mrunal Khimji, experiencing life through design OmanPride: Designer creates beautiful sandals inspired by Omani culture World GCC | Middle East | India | Pakistan | Americas | Europe | Asia | Africa Macron, Le Pen hold French election lead but investors eye Melenchon surge Fire destroys French migrant camp, leaving hundreds homeless United shares fall after backlash over dragged passenger Chile's students return to streets to demand education overhaul U.S.-backed forces push back IS in Raqqa campaign Business Personal Finance | Aviation | Energy | Markets | Property | Retail | Banking | Economy | Technology Bank Muscat's Meethaq to finance poultry farm project Larsen & Toubro wins $817m order from Qatar National Life to float 25% shares to public before August Fall in large cap stocks pulls down Muscat bourse Opec, UAE to launch new global oil and gas database Sports Oman | Football | Cricket | Tennis | Motorsport | Olympics | Hockey | Athletics | Golf | Sailing | More sports Oman Sail's Diam 24 crew seek more success in European racing season Brilliant De Villiers hits unbeaten 89 on return from injury Bale backs Coleman to lead Wales to 2018 World Cup Sindhu in fray for badminton athletes' commission Japan's Asada retiring, has lost 'will to compete' Opinion International Day of Human Space Flight U.S. too dependent on China A fiscal reality test for U.S. Republicans The insecurity of inequality Ukraine president's grip weakens as central bank chief quits Technology Times Digital Download: Scrubs, the story of young medical professionals Oman technology: All about Pose Game of the week: Warhammer 40,000, Dawn of War II Oman technology: All about VLC Player How digital technologies can help students learn Lifestyle Wellness | Motoring | Dining | Entertainment | Family | Property Times | Travel  Leisure | Culture | Photography Oman travel: Ras Al Hadd where serenity beckons On the ball: I feel blessed to play for my country - Chuck Martini Travel made easy: Is your tech ready? Anushka Sharma's next production to be a love story Today's actresses need to learn on how to be friends: Salman   This Weekend | Food | Style | Recreation | Travel Top trending videos: April 2nd week, 2017 What's trending this week (April 13th, 2017) Top videos trending this week Weekend Events Oman 06, 07, 08 April, 2017 Oman Dining: Savour Mandi’s salty-sweet magic Opinion Columnist U.S. too dependent on China April 11, 2017 | 2:20 PM by Barry Eichengreen U.S. President Donald Trump, left, and China's President Xi Jinping walk along the front patio of the Mar-a-Lago estate after a bilateral meeting in Palm Beach, Florida, U.S., April 7, 2017. Photo - Reuters/Carlos Barria x U.S. President Donald Trump, left, and China's President Xi Jinping walk along the front patio of the Mar-a-Lago estate after a bilateral meeting in Palm Beach, Florida, U.S., April 7, 2017. Photo - Reuters/Carlos Barria   Sharelines U.S. too dependent on China #U.S. too dependent on #China Donald Trump’s comments about China during the U.S. presidential campaign didn’t exactly bolster high hopes for Sino-American relations once he was elected. Trump denounced China for “taking our jobs,” and “[stealing] hundreds of billions of dollars in our intellectual property.” He repeatedly accused China of manipulating its currency. Given such inflammatory rhetoric, many people understandably felt considerable trepidation in the run-up to Trump’s summit with Chinese President Xi Jinping at Trump’s Mar-a-Lago estate. It wasn’t hard to imagine a refused handshake or the presentation of a bill for payment, like the one Trump reportedly gave visiting German Chancellor Angela Merkel (a report denied by the White House). Instead, Trump treated Xi with considerable deference. One explanation is that he was preoccupied by the impending U.S. missile strike on Syria. Another is that it is easier to command Trump’s respect when you have an aircraft carrier, 3,000 military planes, and 1.6 million ground troops. But the best explanation is surely that the U.S. depends too heavily on China, economically and politically, for even a president as diplomatically reckless as Trump to spark a conflict. Economically, the U.S. and China are too closely interlinked through global supply chains to be able to cut ties. U.S. companies not only compete with Chinese imports; they also rely heavily on them. Retailers like Target and Walmart rely on Chinese imports to stock their shelves. Electronics companies like Apple rely on workers in China to assemble their products. And the idea that the U.S. could easily source the same inputs from other countries is fanciful. Put simply, while Trump has repeatedly observed that China sells more to the U.S. than the U.S. sells to China, starting a trade war in an effort to correct this supposed imbalance would still cost American business very dearly. And if there is one constituency that Trump listens to consistently, it is business. Aggressive U.S. trade sanctions against China would send equity prices plunging, alarming a U.S. president who measures his economic policy success by the level of the stock market. The 1930 Smoot-Hawley Tariff didn’t cause the Great Crash, much less the Great Depression. But that tariff and the foreign retaliation it elicited sent the stock market down still further, which was hardly helpful. Politically, too, the U.S. cannot afford serious conflict with China, given the growing crisis on the Korean Peninsula, which North Korean provocations and Trump’s incautious reaction have brought to the fore. Posturing aside, Trump will be forced to recognize that military force is not an option. A surgical strike against North Korea’s nuclear facilities would most likely not succeed, while a massive attack would provoke devastating retaliation against South Korea. The only feasible strategy is tighter sanctions and political pressure to bring North Korea to the negotiating table. And the only party capable of tightening sanctions and applying effective political pressure is China, whose goodwill the U.S. now regards as essential. Trump’s about-face on China is of a piece with his “recalibration” on repealing Obamacare, reforming the tax code, organizing a large-scale infrastructure-investment initiative, and renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). In each case, his glib campaign slogans have run up against the hard reality of actually making policy. In all of these areas, Trump is learning that he is hemmed in by the same constraints that led Barack Obama’s administration to make the choices it did. As with Obama, the agent of change is turning out to be an agent of continuity. The U.S. has some legitimate economic grievances against China – for example, over its treatment of American intellectual property and U.S. beef and grain exports. But the appropriate venue for adjudicating such disputes is the World Trade Organization. That is where Trump’s administration, like Obama’s, is likely to end up. The Trump administration could yet label China a currency manipulator, rebuking it for keeping its exchange rate artificially low. It could do so either now or later in the year. But that accusation would be contrary to the facts: the renminbi is now fairly valued, and China has actually been intervening to support the exchange rate, not weaken it further. Inside the Washington, DC beltway, however, facts are no longer what they once were. Singling out China for manipulation might still appeal to a president who values symbolism as much as Trump does. But little of consequence would follow. The U.S. depends too much on Chinese cooperation to risk overly antagonizing China’s leaders. Labelling China a currency manipulator would be the economic-policy equivalent of launching 59 cruise missiles at an isolated air base in Syria. It would be much sound and fury, signifying nothing. - Project Syndicate < Previous PageNext Page > Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. STAY UPDATED Subscribe to our newsletter and be the first to know all the latest news Sign Up More in Opinion The insecurity of inequality A fiscal reality test for U.S. Republicans Climate change makes air travel more bumpier Gallery +25 ° C +25° +25° Muscat Tuesday, 15 Wednesday +25° +24° Thursday +24° +23° Friday +24° +23° Saturday +24° +23° Sunday +24° +23° Monday +24° +23° See 7-Day Forecast Recommended for you International Day of Human Space Flight Ukraine president's grip weakens as central bank chief quits PREVIOUS ARTICLE Who is to blame for the water crisis in Oman? NEXT ARTICLE International Day of Human Space Flight Oman #OmanPride World Sports Opinion Business Technology Lifestyle Entertainment Advertising RSS Feeds Subscription TOO Apps Classifieds E Paper About us Blog Jobs Contact us Request a Quote Copyright © 2017 Muscat Media Group. Times of Oman is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Newsletter
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News April 2017 We Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th 12 11 10 9 8 7 6 myLAB Box Extends Retail Presence Via Top Online Retailers Target, Walmart & Amazon Expanding Accessibility of its STD Screening Kits   1 2 myLAB-Box-Layout-800x600-1-e1474703942620 unnamed LOS ANGELES - April 11, 2017 - PRLog -- Digital health innovator myLAB Box, the first nationwide at-home STD testing-to-treatment service, today announced availability of its suite of screening kits through Target.com, Walmart.com, and Amazon.com. The company's expanded distribution comes as access to affordable healthcare grows increasingly unclear and nationally reported STD cases reach record levels according to the CDC costing the U.S. $16 billion a year. "Our partnerships with these leading retailers are essential to our mission of ensuring broader access to much-needed health screening kits and will provide us with the market penetration needed to realize this mission," said myLAB Box co-founder and CMO, Lora Ivanova. "The reputation and leadership of these retailers both locally and nationally will help us leverage our position and provide much wider access to innovative, effective, affordable STD screening products that deliver valuable and timely results and treatment options." The myLAB Box tests, available now on all three retailer sites, screen for 10 STD risks using FDA-approved technology and are sold individually or in combo kits, including: Safe Box - a 4 Panel Home STD Test Pack - screens for the four most common STDs that comprise 71% of all new cases in the U.S. (excluding HPV), including Chlamydia (2nd), Trich (3rd) and Gonorrhea (4th) and HIV. Uber Box - a 7 Panel Home STD Test Pack - screens for 7 of the most common STDs similar to what is administered by a doctor's visit, including Chlamydia, Gonorrhea, Hepatitis C, Herpes Simplex 2, HIV, Syphilis, and Trichomoniasis Total Box - a 10 Panel Home STD Test Pack - the most comprehensive pack which screens for all STD risks in the Uber Box plus HPV, Mycoplasma and Ureaplasma Each myLAB Box test can be completed in less than five minutes with comparable accuracy to those one would receive as part of an in-person lab or doctor visit returned within a week or less without needing to leave home. Included with the service is a physician consultation by phone that can also include a prescription called into the local pharmacy if results come back positive for most infections. "With STD rates rising to their highest levels, and less than half of Americans ever being tested beyond HIV, it's clear traditional strategies are not working," Ivanova commented. " We quickly realized the current process surrounding our sexual health was ripe for a reinvention so we designed the experience to be as seamless, accurate and quick from first to click to test result in a way that empowers all of us to take control of our health choices regardless of the political climate." For more information or to order a test, visit www.mylabbox.com, or target.com, walmart.com or amazon.com. Contact Tracey Boudine Wise Public Relations ***@wisepublicrelations.com Photos: https://www.prlog.org/12631888/1 https://www.prlog.org/12631888/2 End Source : myLAB Box Email : ***@wisepublicrelations.com Tags : Std, Std Test, Home-delivery, Health, At Home Test, Sexual Health, Love and sex, Relationships And Romance, Shopping, Ecommerce Industry : Business, Health, Lifestyle, Retail, Shopping Location : Los Angeles - California - United States New York City - New York - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse myLAB Box News Amid Epidemic Levels of STDs, myLAB Box Launches Comprehensive Array of New At-Home STD Screening Solutions myLAB Box Offers Free At-home Doctor Consultation For Customers Testing Positive for Sexually Transmitted Infections myLAB Box Launches Celebrity-inspired HIV Home Testing Sale myLAB Box Selected for Glow Premium Rewards Program Launch myLAB Box At-home STD Testing Service Expands to Help Minors Stay Safe SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / F&D Reports / Creditntell Releases 2017 Retail Bellwether Report F&D Reports / Creditntell Releases 2017 Retail Bellwether Report Posted on April 11, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Annual Report Explores the Performance of Retail Industry Forerunners Great Neck, NY (PRWEB) April 11, 2017 Industry-leading retail financial and consulting firm Information Clearinghouse, Inc. (ICI), through its F&D Reports and Creditntell divisions, has released its 2017 Retail Bellwether Report, which examines a select group of ‘Bellwether’ companies as a means to analyze broader trends across the retail industry. This august group of 30 retailers leads the charge for American retailing, accounting for almost $1.670 trillion in collective annual retail revenue and $146.60 billion in annual EBITDA. These retailers — including Amazon, Walmart, Dick’s Sporting Goods, Kroger, Macy's, Best Buy, Home Depot and Whole Foods — don’t simply exist within a category, they define it in terms of size and performance. The 2017 Retail Bellwether Report takes a close look at revenue growth, EBITDA margin, capital spending and credit ratings for this group, identifying underlying trends that are shaping the retail landscape. Based on the report’s analysis, it is clear that the retail industry is experiencing a seismic shift, stemming from changes in consumer expectations and resulting in a slew of retail bankruptcies and store closings. Commenting on the 2017 Retail Bellwether Report, Dennis Cantalupo, COO at Creditntell, stated, “Today’s consumer expects quality merchandise, low prices and, most of all, convenience. The harsh reality is that retailers who have failed to adjust haven’t been able to effectively compete in this environment. With scale typically comes the ability to leverage expenses and reinvest. The members of the Bellwether Group who best address these consumer demands will remain in the front of the pack, while retail’s apex predator, Amazon, will continue to prey on the weak and wounded who fall behind.” Please click here to view the entire 2017 Retail Bellwether Report. Information Clearinghouse, Inc. (publisher of F&D Reports, Creditntell, & ARMS) is a leading retail credit consulting firm specializing in the analysis of public and private companies in numerous retail segments. The focus of its analysis is to deliver the key intelligence today’s busy credit executive needs to make a highly informed decision without sifting through pages of non-essential data. To learn more, visit our websites at http://www.fdreports.com, http://www.creditntell.com, http://www.fdarms.com. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/04/prweb14227825.htm Latest News UnifyHR Expands Its Services to Include Eligibility Verification Services Sunview Patio Doors Expands Sales Force to Keep Pace with Market Demand and Record Growth StillGoing Launches First-Ever “Live” Guided Meditation Web Service and iOS App Xulon Press Announces New Book Offering Solutions for Overcoming Adversity LOTE Expands to Canadian Market with Exclusive Distributor Agreement F&D Reports / Creditntell Releases 2017 Retail Bellwether Report Dersch Design & Engineering Names Miranda Goar, P.E. Electrical Engineer Hitachi Solutions America to Showcase Cloud, Mobile Field Service Software Solutions at Field Service USA Event Xulon Press Announces New Book Sharing A Young Girl’s Life From the 1960’s to Present Shimalla Wechsler Lepp & D’Onofrio’s Partners Honored as Super Lawyers © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Sign in News Big South Fork Local News Region/State Features Obituaries Sports Oneida Outdoors Scott Opinion More Public Notices Apartments Real Estate Help Wanted Yard Sales Services Classifieds Community Calendar Church News Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search 60.6 F Oneida, TN Sign in / Join E-Edition Subscribe Advertise Editor’s Notes Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Independent Herald News AllBig South ForkLocal NewsRegion/State Big South Fork Hike of the Week: Middle Creek Loop Local News Assault charges result from fight over child Local News Four arrested on drug-related charges Region/State Highway 63 ATV bill set for final vote Features Features O&W Cafe: Oneida’s niche restaurant Features Scott County primes for busy tourism season Features Forgotten Times: The rise of Oneida’s prosperous motel Features Collaborative effort will save O&W Bridge Obituaries Sports AllOneidaOutdoorsScott Oneida Oneida narrows search for basketball coach Scott Baseball: Highlanders split double header with Oakdale Oneida Baseball: Dominant pitching behind Oneida’s hot start Oneida Oneida narrows list of candidates for basketball coaching position Opinion Opinion Oden: John Glenn showed us how to soar Opinion Garrett: Would better shampoo make men’s hair hold on longer? Opinion Our View: Senate committee was right to reject ATV fee bill Opinion Garrett: Nancy Swain Watters walk should serve as a reminder Opinion Garrett: Nancy Swain Watters Walk should serve as a reminder More Public Notices Apartments Real Estate Help Wanted Yard Sales Services Classifieds Community Calendar Church News Home News Local News Assault charges result from fight over child News Local News Assault charges result from fight over child By IH Staff - April 11, 2017 218 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter A Harriman man is facing assault charges in Oneida following a dispute over a child that culminated in the parking lot of the town's Walmart store late Sunday evening. Timothy J. Roberts, 22, of Harriman, was charged with assault and domestic assault following his arrest by Oneida Police Department patrolman Dustin Laxton shortly after 11 p.m. Sunday. According to warrants, officers were summoned to the store after employees alerted 911 dispatchers of a domestic disturbance that had turned physical. While Roberts and two women involved in the altercation had all left the parking lot by the time Laxton arrived, the two women drove to Oneida Police Department to file a report. Allegedly, Roberts had picked up a child, which he fathered with one of the women, and told her that "she would not get him back." Later, the women saw Roberts' vehicle and stopped to speak to the boy, at which point the child's mother grabbed him and ran for her friend's vehicle, according to the warrant. Laxton wrote in the warrant that Roberts struck the child's mother, and continued to hit her after she had handed the boy to her friend, knocking her to the ground several times. Roberts then fled the scene with the boy, going to a residence on Big Ridge Road. There, he was questioned by Oneida Police Department investigator Dustin Burke and Scott County Sheriff's Department deputy Tyler Cross before being placed into arrest. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet IH Staff Contact the Independent Herald at newsroom@ihoneida.com. Follow us on Twitter, @indherald. Stay connected 6,340FansLike 333FollowersFollow 1,131FollowersFollow LATEST STORIES Hike of the Week: Middle Creek Loop April 11, 2017 Oden: John Glenn showed us how to soar April 11, 2017 Garrett: Would better shampoo make men’s hair hold on longer? April 11, 2017 Assault charges result from fight over child April 11, 2017 Four arrested on drug-related charges April 11, 2017 - Advertisement - Follow us on Instagram @indherald EDITOR'S PICKS Four arrested on drug-related charges April 11, 2017 Hike of the Week: Middle Creek Loop April 11, 2017 Assault charges result from fight over child April 11, 2017 MOST COMMENTED Hike of the Week: Middle Creek Loop April 11, 2017 West resigns as Oneida High School golf coach January 10, 2017 Honey Creek: Rugged terrain makes for spectacular hike January 10, 2017 TODAY'S MOST READ Hike of the Week: Middle Creek Loop April 11, 2017 Oden: John Glenn showed us how to soar April 11, 2017 Garrett: Would better shampoo make men’s hair hold on longer? April 11, 2017 ABOUT USThe Independent Herald was founded in America's 200th year, in the spirit of 1976. Published in Oneida, Tennessee, the weekly newspaper serves as the voice of the Cumberlands and Big South Fork country. Contact us: newsroom@ihoneida.com FOLLOW US E-Edition Subscribe Advertise Editor’s Notes © 2017 Independent Herald, Liberty Press Inc. MORE STORIES Forecasters warn of snow, extreme cold January 4, 2014 Senior center could close without funding April 17, 2013 Florida man killed in Brimstone accident June 10, 2013
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Youngevity International, Inc. April 11, 2017 08:30 ET CLR Roasters Cafe La Rica Brand Becomes Official Cafecito of Miami Marlins MLB Team SAN DIEGO, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 11, 2017) - Youngevity International, Inc. (OTCQX: YGYI) today announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary CLR Roasters has forged a partnership with Major League Baseball's Miami Marlins -- to feature the Café La Rica Gourmet Espresso as the "Official Cafecito of the Miami Marlins" for all home games. Café La Rica Gourmet Espresso will be available starting today when the Marlins play the Atlanta Braves at Marlins Park in their home opener. Café La Rica espresso is a unique blend of the finest coffees, offering a fine aroma, thick crema, and a bold flavor true to the authentic Cuban coffee tradition. Café La Rica, over the past 3 years, has been one of the faster growing espresso brands and this Co-Branding opportunity with the Miami Marlins is expected to further enhance Cafe La Rica's relationship with its retail partners. Café La Rica is available in Publix, Presidente, Fresco Y Más, Sedanos, Sam's Club, Wal-Mart, Winn-Dixie and various local independent stores. Under the terms of the 3-year agreement, Café La Rica will: provide a branded Café La Rica coffee cart in the main promenade of the ballpark; enjoy messaging on the LED Ribbon Board during the "7th Inning Stretch MarlinsVision feature;" offer 90-second promotional spots on the in-park television network during all regular season home games; utilize first and third baseline rotational signage; and be able to utilize the trademarks of the Marlins on its packaging. "The Marlins agreement represents a significant milestone for CLR Roasters and its premier brand, Café La Rica," stated Steve Wallach, Co-Founder, and CEO of Youngevity. "We look forward to reaching the millions of Marlins fans who attend home games every year. These fans are part of the vibrant Miami community that CLR Roasters has been, and will continue to be, proud to support." "We are proud to have CLR's Flagship brand, Café La Rica, standing alongside the prestigious brands of Pepsi and Budweiser which are also available to purchase at all Marlins home games," continued Dave Briskie, President and CFO of Youngevity. Ernesto Aguila, The President of CLR Roasters stated, "This relationship with the Miami Marlins cements Café La Rica as the local brand of our community. The Marlins and Café La Rica are congruent in our message of providing loyal service to our community. This relationship should help strengthen our ties to this market and support our brand promise for years to come. All our coffees feature the finest growing environment, the best coffee beans available and certified processing capabilities. Miami is the U.S. gateway to Latin America -- its young and vibrant population complements Youngevity, CLR Roasters' and our Café La Rica Brand's international audience." As a result of this partnership with the Miami Marlins, Café La Rica has proudly arranged promotions with Au Bon Pain, Latin America, Espresso Gourmet and other fine food service establishments in South Florida. "The Marlins are honored to partner with such a respected member of the Miami business community," stated Brendan Cunningham, Vice President of Corporate Partnerships for the Miami Marlins. "With its Latin roots, CLR Roasters has captured the growing appeal apparent in its unique espresso blend from Central and Latin America for authentic Hispanic Cuban Cafecito. Café La Rica was chosen as the 'Official Cafecito of the Miami Marlins' because the brand inspires that 'first class fan experience' that the Marlins provide." Acquired in 2011, CLR is a mid-sized coffee roaster division that operates a 50,000 sq. ft roasting plant and distribution facility. CLR produces gourmet coffees under its own boutique brands, private label brands, and for Youngevity under JavaFit® and Be the Change Coffee. One hundred percent of the profits from Youngevity Be the Change Coffee support operations for the Youngevity Be The Change Foundation. CLR Roasters maintains the following certifications: USDA Organic, Fair Trade, Café de Colombia (sustainability focused) and OU Kosher. The division has obtained its Safe Quality Food (SQF level) two Certification. About CLR Roasters Youngevity's coffee manufacturing division, CLR Roasters, was established in 2001 and is a wholly-owned subsidiary. CLR Roasters is a mid-sized coffee roaster that produces gourmet coffees under its own boutique brands -- Café La Rica®, Josie's Java House®, and Javalution®; manufactures a variety of private labels for major national chains; and for the direct selling channel under Youngevity International. The company remains one of the largest suppliers in North America to the cruise line industry. CLR was the first entrant into the fortified coffee niche with its Youngevity JavaFit® brand. In May 2014, CLR acquired a coffee plantation and processing facility in Nicaragua, allowing the entity to control coffee production and quality -- from field to cup. About Youngevity International, Inc. Youngevity International, Inc. (OTCQX: YGYI), is a leading omni-direct lifestyle company -- offering a hybrid of the direct selling business model, that also offers e-commerce and the power of social selling. Assembling a virtual Main Street of products and services under one corporate entity, Youngevity offers proven products from the six top-selling retail categories: health/nutrition, home/family, food/beverage (including coffee), spa/beauty, apparel/jewelry, as well as innovative services. The Company was formed during the summer 2011 merger of Youngevity Essential Life Sciences with Javalution® Coffee Company (now part of the company's food and beverage division). The resulting company became Youngevity International, Inc. in July 2013. For investor information, please visit YGYI.com. For general information on products and services, please visit us at youngevity.com. Keep up with our activities by liking us on Facebook and following us on Twitter. Safe Harbor Statement This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as "may," "should," "potential," "continue," "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates," "encouraged" and similar expressions and include statements regarding the further enhancing Cafe La Rica's relationship with its retail partners, strengthening our ties to the local Miami market and supporting our brand promise for years to come. The forward-looking statements are based on management's expectations and assumptions as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict that could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations and assumptions from those set forth or implied by any forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among others, the contribution of the Marlins agreement to our financial performance and growth and the other factors described in our filings with the SEC. The information in this release is provided only as of the date of this release, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this release based on new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Contact Information Media Contact: Bobbie Wasserman for Youngevity bobbie@wave2alliances.com P: 866.570.4441 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Youngevity International, Inc. From this industry Financial Services Food and Beverage Retail From this sub-industry Venture Capital Ingredients Beverages Non Alcoholic and Alcohol-Wine/Spirits Packaging and Processing Consumer Interest Cosmetics and Accessories E-Commerce See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Terra Tech Corp. (TRTC: OTCQX U.S.) | Terra Tech Corp. Presentation Now Available for On-Demand Viewing Company invites individual and institutional investors as well as advisors to log-on to VirtualInvestorConferences.com to view presentation IRVINE, Calif., April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — TERRA TECH CORP. (OTCQX: TRTC), a vertically integrated cannabis-focused agriculture company,  today announced that the April 6 presentation by Derek Peterson, Chief Executive Officer, is now available for on-demand viewing at VirtualInvestorConferences.com. LINK: https://tinyurl.com/0406postpr Terra Tech’s presentation will be available 24/7 for 90 days. Investors and advisors may download shareholder materials from the „virtual trade booth” for the next three weeks. Company highlights: Total revenues for the full year 2016 were up 154% to $25.33 million Revenue Guidance for the full year 2017 in the range of $38 – $40 Million Fast growing business with existing cash flow-generation Favorable trends position medical cannabis industry for explosive growth Full vertical integration Early adopter in a rapidly-changing industry Significant existing infrastructure, industry knowledge and political leverage To be added to the Terra Tech email distribution list, please email TRTC@kcsa.com with TRTC in the subject line. Learn more about the event at www.VirtualInvestorConferences.com. About Terra Tech Terra Tech Corp. (OTCQX: TRTC) operates through multiple subsidiary businesses including: Blüm, IVXX Inc., Edible Garden, MediFarm LLC and GrowOp Technology.  Blüm’s retail medical cannabis facilities focus on providing the highest quality medical cannabis to patients who are looking for alternative treatments for their chronic medical conditions. Blüm offers a broad selection of medical cannabis products including; flowers, concentrates and edibles through its Oakland, CA and multiple Nevada locations. IVXX, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Terra Tech that produces medical cannabis-extracted products for regulated medical cannabis dispensaries throughout California. The Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Edible Garden, cultivates a premier brand of local and sustainably grown hydroponic produce, sold through major grocery stores such as ShopRite, Walmart, Winn-Dixie, Raley’s, Meijer, Kroger, and others throughout New Jersey, New York, Delaware, Maryland, Connecticut, Pennsylvania and the Midwest. Terra Tech’s MediFarm LLC subsidiaries are focused on medical cannabis cultivation and permitting businesses throughout Nevada. The Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary GrowOp Technology, specializes in controlled environment agricultural technologies.  For more information about Terra Tech Corp visit: http://www.terratechcorp.com/  For more information about IVXX visit: http://ivxx.com/  For more information about Blüm Nevada visit: http://letsblum.com For more information about Blüm Oakland visit: http://blumoak.com/  Visit us on Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/terratechcorp/timeline  Follow us on Twitter @terratechcorp  Follow us on Instagram @socal_IVXX  For more information about Edible Garden visit: http://www.ediblegarden.com/  Visit Edible Garden on Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/ediblefarms?fref=ts  Visit IVXX on Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/ivxxbrand?fref=ts About VirtualInvestorConferences.com Since 2010, VirtualInvestorConferences.com, created by BetterInvesting (NAIC) and PRNewswire, has been the only monthly virtual investor conference series that provides an interactive forum for presenting companies to meet directly with investors using a graphically-enhanced online platform. Designed to replicate the look and feel of location-based investor conferences, Virtual Investor Conferences unites PR Newswire’s leading-edge online conferencing and investor communications capabilities with BetterInvesting’s extensive retail investor audience network. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/terra-tech-corp-presentation-now-available-for-on-demand-viewing-300437709.html SOURCE Terra Tech Corp. Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases. CategoriesUncategorized TagsTerra Tech Corp. Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cross-Cultural Study Strengthens Link Between Media Violence and Aggressive Behavior Next PostNext Detecting Alzheimer’s Disease Earlier Using … Greebles? Search Recent Posts Freightgate Awarded 2017 Top Logistics Technology Provider By Inbound Logistics Magazine Clear Sky Software Releases New Inventory Systems TeamTalk shareholders support Farmside transaction Spark’s offer to acquire TeamTalk has now lapsed Online platform help travelers see the world through private tours offered by thousands of partner local guides Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
  Home Jobs Show All Search by category Search by employer Subscribe to Jobs eNewsletter Employers Login Post a job Price List Enewsletter Events Calendar     Add Modify Buyers Guide Magazine Current Issue Archives Subscription Advertiser Press room Contact Us BACK SEND PRINT Send Your name: Your E-Mail: You can add multiple recipients by inserting a semicolon between each e-mail Send to:   Message    Save this document Title: EEI Honors Electric Companies and National Key Accounts Executives for Outstanding Customer Service    Edison Electric Institute EEI Honors Electric Companies and National Key Accounts Executives for Outstanding Customer Service April 11, 2017 The Edison Electric Institute (EEI) announced the recipients of its 2017 Awards for Outstanding National Key Accounts Customer Service. There are two categories of awards, the National Key Accounts Program Award and the National Key Accounts Executive Award. Each of these categories also has an award for sustained excellence.  Being presented for the 19th year, these awards recognize EEI member companies and National Key Accounts executives for providing superior service to multi-site customers. Votes were cast by EEI National Key Accounts customers, representing a wide variety of industries, including national brands such as Costco, HealthSouth, Marriot Hotels, Microsoft, Staples, TJX Companies, and Walmart. Recipients of the National Key Accounts Program Award for Outstanding Customer Service include: Avista Utilities FirstEnergy Corporation Pacific Gas and Electric Company Xcel Energy Recipients of the National Key Accounts Program Award for Sustained Excellence in Outstanding Customer Service include: American Electric Power Duke Energy Florida Power & Light Company Southern Company Recipients of the National Key Accounts Executive Award for Outstanding Customer Service include: Matthew Hettler, PSEG Long Island Darren Kelsey, American Electric Power Judy Ring, Xcel Energy Tisha Stril, Puget Sound Energy Cindy Verner, Southern Company Recipients of the National Key Accounts Executive Award for Sustained Excellence in Outstanding Customer Service include: Janet Booker, Southern Company Judy Corrigan, Xcel Energy Barry Moser, American Electric Power "Customers today are seeking more customized and integrated energy solutions than ever before," said EEI President Tom Kuhn. "This year's winning companies and executives serve as vital partners, providing national key account customers with education and resources to meet their changing needs and expectations." The Awards for Outstanding National Key Accounts Customer Service were established by the Customer Advisory Group, a group of national chain customers that provide feedback, guidance, and support to EEI's National Key Accounts program. EEI's National Key Accounts program is a customer-oriented program where leading multi-site customers and electric company account representatives collaborate to develop efficient energy management strategies that can be integrated into facilities nationwide. "The EEI Outstanding National Key Accounts Customer Service Awards recognize electric companies for their dedicated service to customers, educating them on current public policies that impact their business, validating the latest technologies, providing industry statistics, and creating a forum where customers can interact frequently with industry representatives," said Customer Advisory Group member Margaret Manning, assistant vice president, Property & Energy Management, at TJX Companies. "These companies and individuals strive to continually provide top notch, efficient customer service." Since its inception in 1988, EEI's National Key Accounts program has provided resources for electric companies that have multiple sites and outlets, such as chains and franchise operations. Both industrial and commercial customers require unique approaches to their energy needs, and this network provides necessary advice and resources to establish processes that best serve customers. The program also offers resources and tools for customers to gain understanding of the current energy marketplace through workshops, communication outreach, and peer mentoring. To learn more about the program, visit EEI's website here. EEI is the association that represents all U.S. investor-owned electric companies. Our members provide electricity for 220 million Americans, and operate in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. As a whole, the electric power industry supports more than 7 million jobs in communities across the United States. In addition to our U.S. members, EEI has more than 60 international electric companies as International Members, and hundreds of industry suppliers and related organizations as Associate Members. For more information: Organization: Edison Electric Institute (EEI) Address: 701 Pennsylvania Ave NW Washington, District of Columbia United States, 20004-2696 www.eei.org Tel: 202-508-5000 Contact: Brian Reil Tel: 202-508-5514 Tweet Link http://electricenergyonline.com/detail_news.php?ID=631765 BACK SEND PRINT Click here to Sign up SUBSCRIBE Most consulted news Today This Week This Month From the same organization Edison Electric Institute Marvin Fertel, Jim Hunter and David Owens to Receive the 2017 John D. Dingell Award Edison Electric Institute EEI President Tom Kuhn Congratulates Energy Secretary Rick Perry Edison Electric Institute EEI President Tom Kuhn Congratulates Scott Pruitt on His Confirmation as EPA Administrator Edison Electric Institute to Wall Street: Delivering America's Energy Future Contact us Jaguar Expo Inc 834 Montée Masson Terrebonne (Quebec) J6W 2C6 Tel.: 450-471-0796 Toll free: 888-332-3749 Fax: 450-471-5443 . 888-243-4562 info@electricenergyonline.com electricenergyonline.com   Press »Send us a press release »RSS All news General Automation/IT T&D Renewable Energy Energy Efficiency Generation Mergers & Acquisition Appointments etc... Financial Oil & Gas   Jobs »Post or modify a job »View jobs   Events »View calendar »Post an event   Subscription »Create your user account and receive enewsletter »Receive JOBS Enewsletter »Unsubscribe   News »General »Automation and IT »T&D »Renewable Energy »Generation »Mergers & Acquisitions »Appointments etc... »Financial »Oil & Gas   Magazine »Current Issue »Archives © 2017, Jaguar Media inc. All rights reserved. 1996-2017 IMPORTANT MESSAGE Your web browser does not have cookies enabled. Before logging in, you must MUST enable this function. Click on the following link " Activating Cookies".
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Youngevity International, Inc. April 11, 2017 08:30 ET CLR Roasters Cafe La Rica Brand Becomes Official Cafecito of Miami Marlins MLB Team SAN DIEGO, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 11, 2017) - Youngevity International, Inc. (OTCQX: YGYI) today announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary CLR Roasters has forged a partnership with Major League Baseball's Miami Marlins -- to feature the Café La Rica Gourmet Espresso as the "Official Cafecito of the Miami Marlins" for all home games. Café La Rica Gourmet Espresso will be available starting today when the Marlins play the Atlanta Braves at Marlins Park in their home opener. Café La Rica espresso is a unique blend of the finest coffees, offering a fine aroma, thick crema, and a bold flavor true to the authentic Cuban coffee tradition. Café La Rica, over the past 3 years, has been one of the faster growing espresso brands and this Co-Branding opportunity with the Miami Marlins is expected to further enhance Cafe La Rica's relationship with its retail partners. Café La Rica is available in Publix, Presidente, Fresco Y Más, Sedanos, Sam's Club, Wal-Mart, Winn-Dixie and various local independent stores. Under the terms of the 3-year agreement, Café La Rica will: provide a branded Café La Rica coffee cart in the main promenade of the ballpark; enjoy messaging on the LED Ribbon Board during the "7th Inning Stretch MarlinsVision feature;" offer 90-second promotional spots on the in-park television network during all regular season home games; utilize first and third baseline rotational signage; and be able to utilize the trademarks of the Marlins on its packaging. "The Marlins agreement represents a significant milestone for CLR Roasters and its premier brand, Café La Rica," stated Steve Wallach, Co-Founder, and CEO of Youngevity. "We look forward to reaching the millions of Marlins fans who attend home games every year. These fans are part of the vibrant Miami community that CLR Roasters has been, and will continue to be, proud to support." "We are proud to have CLR's Flagship brand, Café La Rica, standing alongside the prestigious brands of Pepsi and Budweiser which are also available to purchase at all Marlins home games," continued Dave Briskie, President and CFO of Youngevity. Ernesto Aguila, The President of CLR Roasters stated, "This relationship with the Miami Marlins cements Café La Rica as the local brand of our community. The Marlins and Café La Rica are congruent in our message of providing loyal service to our community. This relationship should help strengthen our ties to this market and support our brand promise for years to come. All our coffees feature the finest growing environment, the best coffee beans available and certified processing capabilities. Miami is the U.S. gateway to Latin America -- its young and vibrant population complements Youngevity, CLR Roasters' and our Café La Rica Brand's international audience." As a result of this partnership with the Miami Marlins, Café La Rica has proudly arranged promotions with Au Bon Pain, Latin America, Espresso Gourmet and other fine food service establishments in South Florida. "The Marlins are honored to partner with such a respected member of the Miami business community," stated Brendan Cunningham, Vice President of Corporate Partnerships for the Miami Marlins. "With its Latin roots, CLR Roasters has captured the growing appeal apparent in its unique espresso blend from Central and Latin America for authentic Hispanic Cuban Cafecito. Café La Rica was chosen as the 'Official Cafecito of the Miami Marlins' because the brand inspires that 'first class fan experience' that the Marlins provide." Acquired in 2011, CLR is a mid-sized coffee roaster division that operates a 50,000 sq. ft roasting plant and distribution facility. CLR produces gourmet coffees under its own boutique brands, private label brands, and for Youngevity under JavaFit® and Be the Change Coffee. One hundred percent of the profits from Youngevity Be the Change Coffee support operations for the Youngevity Be The Change Foundation. CLR Roasters maintains the following certifications: USDA Organic, Fair Trade, Café de Colombia (sustainability focused) and OU Kosher. The division has obtained its Safe Quality Food (SQF level) two Certification. About CLR Roasters Youngevity's coffee manufacturing division, CLR Roasters, was established in 2001 and is a wholly-owned subsidiary. CLR Roasters is a mid-sized coffee roaster that produces gourmet coffees under its own boutique brands -- Café La Rica®, Josie's Java House®, and Javalution®; manufactures a variety of private labels for major national chains; and for the direct selling channel under Youngevity International. The company remains one of the largest suppliers in North America to the cruise line industry. CLR was the first entrant into the fortified coffee niche with its Youngevity JavaFit® brand. In May 2014, CLR acquired a coffee plantation and processing facility in Nicaragua, allowing the entity to control coffee production and quality -- from field to cup. About Youngevity International, Inc. Youngevity International, Inc. (OTCQX: YGYI), is a leading omni-direct lifestyle company -- offering a hybrid of the direct selling business model, that also offers e-commerce and the power of social selling. Assembling a virtual Main Street of products and services under one corporate entity, Youngevity offers proven products from the six top-selling retail categories: health/nutrition, home/family, food/beverage (including coffee), spa/beauty, apparel/jewelry, as well as innovative services. The Company was formed during the summer 2011 merger of Youngevity Essential Life Sciences with Javalution® Coffee Company (now part of the company's food and beverage division). The resulting company became Youngevity International, Inc. in July 2013. For investor information, please visit YGYI.com. For general information on products and services, please visit us at youngevity.com. Keep up with our activities by liking us on Facebook and following us on Twitter. Safe Harbor Statement This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as "may," "should," "potential," "continue," "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates," "encouraged" and similar expressions and include statements regarding the further enhancing Cafe La Rica's relationship with its retail partners, strengthening our ties to the local Miami market and supporting our brand promise for years to come. The forward-looking statements are based on management's expectations and assumptions as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict that could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations and assumptions from those set forth or implied by any forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among others, the contribution of the Marlins agreement to our financial performance and growth and the other factors described in our filings with the SEC. The information in this release is provided only as of the date of this release, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this release based on new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Contact Information Media Contact: Bobbie Wasserman for Youngevity bobbie@wave2alliances.com P: 866.570.4441 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Youngevity International, Inc. From this industry Financial Services Food and Beverage Retail From this sub-industry Venture Capital Ingredients Beverages Non Alcoholic and Alcohol-Wine/Spirits Packaging and Processing Consumer Interest Cosmetics and Accessories E-Commerce See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
ALL SECTIONS Wednesday April 12, 2017 HIDE NEWS TOP STORIES NATIONAL WORLD NEWS PINOY ABROAD FEATURES OPINION EDITORIAL COLUMNS SOUNDBYTES LGUs NCR LUZON VIZAYAS MINDANAO BUSINESS CORPORATE ECONOMY & TRADE STOCKS MONEY AGRI & MINING POWER & TECH BIZ PLUS COLUMNS SPORTS BASKETBALL VOLLEYBALL FIGHTSPORTS ACTIVE SPORTS PLUS STUFFS COLUMNS ENTERTAINMENT TV & MOVIES CELEBRITY PROFILES MUSIC & CONCERTS DIGITAL MEDIA COLUMNS LIFESTYLE FOOD CULTURE & MEDIA FASHION HEALTH AND HOME LEISURE SHOPPING COLUMNS POP.LIFE NEWSMAKERS HANGOUTS A-POP POST ITS PERFORMANCES MALLS & BAZAARS HOBBIES & COLLECTIONS TECHNOLOGY GADGETS COMPUTERS BUSINESS TECH PLUS WHEELS & MORE SEDAN SUV TRUCK BIKE ACCESSORIES MOTORING PLUS COMMUTER'S CORNER HOME & DESIGN RESIDENTIAL COMMERCIAL CONSTRUCTION INTERIOR SPOTLIGHT GALLERY PHOTOS VIDEOS EVENTS SEMINARS EXHIBITS COMMUNITY ADVERTISE WITH US The Standard NEWS OPINION LGUs BUSINESS SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE POP.LIFE TECHNOLOGY WHEELS & MORE HOME & DESIGN SPOTLIGHT GALLERY EVENTS Advertise With Us ALL SECTIONS Wednesday April 12, 2017 Advertisement Home   /   BUSINESS   /   BIZ PLUS UK grocers secretly squeeze shoppers as Brexit bites posted April 11, 2017 at 08:27 pm by  Bloomberg By Sam Chambers UK grocers are finding creative ways of passing on Brexit-induced cost increases to consumers. If you’re shopping for candles or light bulbs, buyer beware. Unable to raise prices of staple goods from milk to Marmite because of tough competition from discounters and watchful tabloid newspapers, supermarket operators like Tesco Plc and Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s Asda are ratcheting them up on less frequently purchased goods such as dental floss, whose costs might not register as readily with shoppers. “Milk is the sort of item that shoppers use to build their price image of a retailer,” said Cheryl Sullivan, chief marketing and strategy officer at Revionics, a software provider that helps stores formulate pricing strategies. “But shoppers are only price-sensitive on a fraction of a retailer’s range.” The UK imports almost half the food it eats and despite grocers holding firm on key lines, the effects of sterling’s Brexit-driven slide are filtering through to shopping bills. After more than two years of decline, food prices rose 2.3 percent in the country’s supermarkets during the first 12 weeks of 2017, according to researcher Kantar Worldpanel. Figures due Tuesday are expected to show that wage growth isn’t keeping pace with higher prices. Targeted increases have joined “shrinkflation”―decreasing product sizes while holding prices steady―as a way for retailers to disguise inflation after the pound’s fall put upward pressure on costs and led to the Marmitegate row between Tesco and Unilever. Grocers like Wm Morrison Supermarkets Plc have said they’re unable to pass along the full effect, but retailers are trying to protect profit margins by eking out increases where they can without sending shoppers packing. Picking Battles Retailers haven’t dared to tinker with the cost of milk, which costs 1 pound ($1.25) for a 2.3-liter carton at all of the UK’s major supermarkets. Yet the price of decorative candles rose 29 percent from October through March while light bulbs were up 19 percent and dental floss increased by 17 percent, according to independent price checker MySupermarket.com. “If a retailer raises the price of milk, they won’t just lose that sale, they’ll lose the whole basket,” said Steve Dresser, director of consultancy Grocery Insight. “Retailers have to pick their battles on price.” Research suggests grocers are right to be careful: 52 percent of Brits are more worried about the cost of day-to-day items than they were a year ago, according to a Barclaycard survey. Nearly three-quarters cited a more expensive weekly shop as the reason. Grocers run sales and loyalty-card data through price-optimization software to help them figure out which prices they can increase without alienating shoppers. Revionics said it has seen an increase in demand from UK retailers since the vote to leave the EU. Retailers typically order their ranges into products that drive sales and those that contribute to profitability, Sullivan said. Shoppers pay careful attention to the cost of frequent purchases, but are less vigilant about occasional splurges, making it easier to increase prices on those goods, she said. Value Perceptions Morrison announced temporary price cuts on staples such as potatoes and fish sticks in January. But the company recently increased the price of ground pepper by more than 10 percent, according to MySupermarket.com. Varying prices in this way taps into consumers’ imperfect perceptions of value, said Ivo Vlaev, professor of behavioral science at Warwick University. Shoppers are concerned with the number of products on which they think they’re getting a good deal, not the total amount they spend, said Vlaev, who conducted research for Tesco. The low prices of Aldi and Lidl, which account for about 12 percent of the UK’s grocery spend, exert a gravitational pull. When global food prices soared in 2010, Tesco and other supermarkets increased prices and opened the door for the discounters’ rapid expansion. Painful memories of the retail crisis that followed are restraining grocers this time around, according to TCC Global analyst Bryan Roberts. “The big chains are extremely mindful of not making the same mistake twice,” Roberts said. Topics: UK grocers , Brexit , supermarket operators Related stories: No related stories matched this topic. More from this Category: World Bank sees PH growing 6.9% in 2017 February exports climbed 11% to $4.8b as imports surged 20% Factory output expands 10.7% COMMENT DISCLAIMER: Reader comments posted on this Web site are not in any way endorsed by The Standard. Comments are views by thestandard.ph readers who exercise their right to free expression and they do not necessarily represent or reflect the position or viewpoint of thestandard.ph. While reserving this publication’s right to delete comments that are deemed offensive, indecent or inconsistent with The Standard editorial standards, The Standard may not be held liable for any false information posted by readers in this comments section. Share this story: facebook twitter email print Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement LATEST NEWS TRENDING WATCH: Filipino striker downs foe but taps out in the end  0 |  13 hours ago ASG’s Bohol raid foiled  0 |  14 hours ago Duterte visit: PH-Saudi labor deals on agenda  0 |  14 hours ago Leni’s rating dives amid ‘black prop’  0 |  14 hours ago NBI probes DDS leader's crimes  0 |  14 hours ago RP, US boost fight vs child trafficking in new agreement  0 |  14 hours ago House to pass bill postponing village polls in June — Alvarez  0 |  14 hours ago Camiguin tourists defy terror: Business as usual  0 |  14 hours ago Treason or joke? Experts differ on offer to China  0 |  14 hours ago War on drugs wins Pulitzer for NYT fotog  0 |  14 hours ago More On Latest News BIZ PLUSGreek doctor wants PH to regulate e-cigarettes Jefferson earns Alaska’s trust  0 |  3 days ago Joma well but aching to be national artist  0 |  3 days ago Lascañas’ new adventures  0 |  1 day ago Billionaire solon tagged as ‘flight risk’  0 |  2 days ago Rice imports stir cabinet conflict  0 |  3 days ago Holy Week lockdown starts  0 |  2 days ago Lacson: Who’s footing bill for Lascañas’ travels?  0 |  1 day ago China offered PH isles  0 |  1 day ago ‘Occupy order makes no sense’  0 |  4 days ago Advertisement STAY TUNED Be the first to recieve the latest news. Follow @MStandardToday Manila Standard 6th Floor Universal Re Bldg., 106 Paseo De Roxas cor. Perea Street, Legaspi Village, 1226 Makati City Philippines Trunklines: 832-5554, 832-5556, 832-5558 QUICK LINKS Home Mobile About Us Advertise Contact Info Privacy Policy Link Policy User Agreement Article Index Subscribe SECTIONS NEWS OPINION LGUs BUSINESS SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE POP.LIFE TECHNOLOGY WHEELS & MORE HOME & DESIGN SPOTLIGHT GALLERY EVENTS FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER Don't worry we also hate spam just like you. © 2017 manilastandard.net. All rights reserved.Powered by LEENTech Network Solutions
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News myLAB Box Extends Retail Presence Via Top Online Retailers Target, Walmart & Amazon Expanding Accessibility of its STD Screening Kits LOS ANGELES, April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Digital health innovator myLAB Box, the first nationwide at-home STD testing-to-treatment service, today announced availability of its suite of screening kits through Target.com, Walmart.com, and Amazon.com. The company’s expanded distribution comes as access to affordable healthcare grows increasingly unclear and nationally reported STD cases reach record levels according to the CDC costing the U.S. $16 billion a year. „Our partnerships with these leading retailers are essential to our mission of ensuring broader access to much-needed health screening kits and will provide us with the market penetration needed to realize this mission,” said myLAB Box co-founder and CMO, Lora Ivanova. „The reputation and leadership of these retailers both locally and nationally will help us leverage our position and provide much wider access to innovative, effective, affordable STD screening products that deliver valuable and timely results and treatment options.” The myLAB Box tests, available now on all three retailer sites, screen for 10 STD risks using FDA-approved technology and are sold individually or in combo kits, including: Safe Box – a 4 Panel Home STD Test Pack – screens for the four most common STDs that comprise 71% of all new cases in the U.S. (excluding HPV), including Chlamydia (2nd), Trich (3rd) and Gonorrhea (4th) and HIV. Uber Box – a 7 Panel Home STD Test Pack – screens for 7 of the most common STDs similar to what is administered by a doctor’s visit, including Chlamydia, Gonorrhea, Hepatitis C, Herpes Simplex 2, HIV, Syphilis, and Trichomoniasis Total Box – a 10 Panel Home STD Test Pack – the most comprehensive pack which screens for all STD risks in the Uber Box plus HPV, Mycoplasma and Ureaplasma Each myLAB Box test can be completed in less than five minutes with comparable accuracy to those one would receive as part of an in-person lab or doctor visit returned within a week or less without needing to leave home. Included with the service is a physician consultation by phone that can also include a prescription called into the local pharmacy if results come back positive for most infections. „With STD rates rising to their highest levels, and less than half of Americans ever being tested beyond HIV, it’s clear traditional strategies are not working,” Ivanova commented. ” We quickly realized the current process surrounding our sexual health was ripe for a reinvention so we designed the experience to be as seamless, accurate and quick from first to click to test result in a way that empowers all of us to take control of our health choices regardless of the political climate.” For more information or to order a test, visit www.mylabbox.com, or target.com, walmart.com or amazon.com. Photos: https://www.prlog.org/12631888 Press release distributed by PRLog   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mylab-box-extends-retail-presence-via-top-online-retailers-target-walmart–amazon-expanding-accessibility-of-its-std-screening-kits-300437791.html SOURCE myLAB Box Related Links http://www.mylabbox.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Health Catalyst Adds Seasoned Clinicians to Lead Medical Informatics, Patient Safety Initiatives Next PostNext Matrix Data Center: negócios de missão crítica exigem serviços de TI com alta disponibilidade. Pequena falha pode ser fatal. Search Recent Posts SmarTech Issues New 3D Printing Report That Projects Bioprinting Revenues to Reach $1.1 billion in Revenues in 2027 miEdge Taps Industry Sales Veteran Chris Arcoleo as Vice President National Accounts Produce Safety a Hot Topic at Global Food Safety Initiative’s 2017 Conference HouseCallsNow Inc. and SecondOpinionExpert Inc. form Strategic Partnership Stetson Law Students Win Awards in Three Categories at International Moot Court Competition in Hong Kong Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › business › economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close US economy Project Syndicate economists Trump is reckless – but he knows he can't afford to antagonise China Barry Eichengreen His comments during the campaign didn’t bolster high hopes, but his summit with Xi Jinping showed he needs China’s business Trump knows he needs to do business with China’s Xi Jinping. Photograph: Jim Watson/AFP/Getty Images US economy Project Syndicate economists Trump is reckless – but he knows he can't afford to antagonise China Barry Eichengreen His comments during the campaign didn’t bolster high hopes, but his summit with Xi Jinping showed he needs China’s business Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Tuesday 11 April 2017 08.17 EDT Last modified on Tuesday 11 April 2017 08.40 EDT Donald Trump’s comments about China during the US presidential campaign didn’t exactly bolster high hopes for Sino-American relations once he was elected. Trump denounced China for “taking our jobs” and “[stealing] hundreds of billions of dollars in our intellectual property”. He repeatedly accused China of manipulating its currency. The low point came last May, when Trump warned his followers: “We can’t continue to allow China to rape our country. That’s what they’re doing. It’s the greatest theft in the history of the world.” Given such inflammatory rhetoric, many people understandably felt considerable trepidation in the runup to Trump’s summit with the Chinese president, Xi Jinping, at Trump’s Mar-a-Lago estate. It wasn’t hard to imagine a refused handshake or the presentation of a bill for payment, like the one Trump reportedly gave the visiting German chancellor, Angela Merkel, (a report denied by the White House). Instead, Trump treated Xi with considerable deference. One explanation is that he was preoccupied by the impending US missile strike on Syria. Another is that it is easier to command Trump’s respect when you have an aircraft carrier, 3,000 military planes, and 1.6 million ground troops. Trump to visit China as Beijing touts 'new era' of ties with US Read more But the best explanation is surely that the US depends too heavily on China, economically and politically, for even a president as diplomatically reckless as Trump to spark a conflict. Economically, the US and China are too closely interlinked through global supply chains to be able to cut ties. US companies not only compete with Chinese imports; they also rely heavily on them. Retailers such as Target and Walmart rely on Chinese imports to stock their shelves. Electronics companies such as Apple rely on workers in China to assemble their products. And the idea that the US could easily source the same inputs from other countries is fanciful. Put simply, while Trump has repeatedly observed that China sells more to the US than the US sells to China, starting a trade war in an effort to correct this supposed imbalance would still cost American business very dearly. And if there is one constituency that Trump listens to consistently, it is business. Aggressive US trade sanctions against China would send equity prices plunging, alarming a US president who measures his economic policy success by the level of the stock market. The 1930 Smoot-Hawley Tariff didn’t cause the Great Crash, much less the Great Depression. But that tariff and the foreign retaliation it elicited sent the stock market down still further, which was hardly helpful. Politically, too, the US cannot afford serious conflict with China, given the growing crisis on the Korean peninsula, which North Korean provocations and Trump’s incautious reaction have brought to the fore. Posturing aside, Trump will be forced to recognise that military force is not an option. A surgical strike against North Korea’s nuclear facilities would most probably not succeed, while a massive attack would provoke devastating retaliation against South Korea. The only feasible strategy is tighter sanctions and political pressure to bring North Korea to the negotiating table. And the only party capable of tightening sanctions and applying effective political pressure is China, whose goodwill the US now regards as essential. Trump’s about-face on China is of a piece with his “recalibration” on repealing Obamacare, reforming the tax code, organising a large-scale infrastructure-investment initiative, and renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta). In each case, his glib campaign slogans have run up against the hard reality of actually making policy. In all these areas, Trump is learning that he is hemmed in by the same constraints that led Barack Obama’s administration to make the choices it did. As with Obama, the agent of change is turning out to be an agent of continuity. The US has some legitimate economic grievances against China – for example, over its treatment of American intellectual property and US beef and grain exports. But the appropriate venue for adjudicating such disputes is the World Trade Organisation. That is where Trump’s administration, like Obama’s, is likely to end up. The Trump administration could yet label China a currency manipulator, rebuking it for keeping its exchange rate artificially low. It could do so either now or later in the year. But that accusation would be contrary to the facts: the renminbi is now fairly valued, and China has actually been intervening to support the exchange rate, not weaken it further. Inside the Washington, DC beltway, however, facts are no longer what they once were. Singling out China for manipulation might still appeal to a president who values symbolism as much as Trump does. But little of consequence would follow. The US depends too much on Chinese cooperation to risk overly antagonising China’s leaders. Labelling China a currency manipulator would be the economic policy equivalent of launching 59 cruise missiles at an isolated air base in Syria. It would be much sound and fury, signifying nothing. • Barry Eichengreen is professor of economics at the University of California, Berkeley; Pitt professor of American history and institutions at the University of Cambridge; and a former senior policy adviser at the IMF. © Project Syndicate Topics US economy Project Syndicate economists Economics Donald Trump China Asia Pacific comment Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments more on this story China voices economic fears about Donald Trump presidency Beijing’s concerns about a further slowdown in trade come as political uncertainty and social tensions spread anxiety about global economy Published: 13 Jan 2017 China voices economic fears about Donald Trump presidency US jobs report means Fed rate hike is a bolt-on certainty Larry Elliott It’s good news for Donald Trump as employment rose by more than expected – but the Federal Reserve will be worried about the economy overheating Published: 10 Mar 2017 US jobs report means Fed rate hike is a bolt-on certainty Trump presidency poses threat to global economy, warns Fitch Ratings agency highlights US president’s unpredictability and break from ‘norms’ of international relations as risks Published: 10 Feb 2017 Trump presidency poses threat to global economy, warns Fitch Why Donald Trump can't bully China on trade Kenneth Rogoff Beijing holds trillions of dollars in US debt and any trade disruption could lead to huge price rises in the budget stores on which many Americans rely Published: 9 Feb 2017 Why Donald Trump can't bully China on trade Donald Trump keeps China on hold with letter but no phone call for Xi Jinping Published: 9 Feb 2017 Donald Trump keeps China on hold with letter but no phone call for Xi Jinping Demand for gold hits four-year high after Brexit and Trump votes Published: 3 Feb 2017 Demand for gold hits four-year high after Brexit and Trump votes Strong dollar drags US growth to slowest pace since 2011 Published: 27 Jan 2017 Strong dollar drags US growth to slowest pace since 2011 Dow Jones hits record high – is Trump good for stock markets? Nils Pratley Published: 25 Jan 2017 Dow Jones hits record high – is Trump good for stock markets? More more on this story most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Business › US economy back to top business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Apr 122017 E- Edition Newspaper Apr 12, 2017 Last Updated at 09:58 AST Home Subscribe E-Newsletter About Us Contact Us   Oman | Viral | Global | Motoring | Food | Celebrity | Sport National Life to float 25 per cent shares to public before August NRIs in Oman are not entitled to an Aadhaar Card A new international school will soon open in Oman Traders are pleading with landlords to reduce rent Oman inflation in March rose to 2.82 per cent Oman Omanisation | Tourism | Education | Environment | Health | Government | Transport | Science | Heritage Sultan Qaboos University listed among the best young universities globally UK seeks to boost trade with Oman by a billion pounds State Council Office discusses capital market and banking sector development in Oman Oman issues Government Treasury bills worth OMR65 million Oman, Lithuania sign joint communiqué   Helping underprivileged families in Oman is this firm’s way of giving back OmanPride: Courtyard culture comes to Oman OmanPride: Promoting the use of herbal medicines OmanPride: Mrunal Khimji, experiencing life through design OmanPride: Designer creates beautiful sandals inspired by Omani culture World GCC | Middle East | India | Pakistan | Americas | Europe | Asia | Africa Macron, Le Pen hold French election lead but investors eye Melenchon surge Fire destroys French migrant camp, leaving hundreds homeless United shares fall after backlash over dragged passenger Chile's students return to streets to demand education overhaul U.S.-backed forces push back IS in Raqqa campaign Business Personal Finance | Aviation | Energy | Markets | Property | Retail | Banking | Economy | Technology Bank Muscat's Meethaq to finance poultry farm project Larsen & Toubro wins $817m order from Qatar National Life to float 25% shares to public before August Fall in large cap stocks pulls down Muscat bourse Opec, UAE to launch new global oil and gas database Sports Oman | Football | Cricket | Tennis | Motorsport | Olympics | Hockey | Athletics | Golf | Sailing | More sports Oman Sail's Diam 24 crew seek more success in European racing season Brilliant De Villiers hits unbeaten 89 on return from injury Bale backs Coleman to lead Wales to 2018 World Cup Sindhu in fray for badminton athletes' commission Japan's Asada retiring, has lost 'will to compete' Opinion International Day of Human Space Flight U.S. too dependent on China A fiscal reality test for U.S. Republicans The insecurity of inequality Ukraine president's grip weakens as central bank chief quits Technology Times Digital Download: Scrubs, the story of young medical professionals Oman technology: All about Pose Game of the week: Warhammer 40,000, Dawn of War II Oman technology: All about VLC Player How digital technologies can help students learn Lifestyle Wellness | Motoring | Dining | Entertainment | Family | Property Times | Travel  Leisure | Culture | Photography Oman travel: Ras Al Hadd where serenity beckons On the ball: I feel blessed to play for my country - Chuck Martini Travel made easy: Is your tech ready? Anushka Sharma's next production to be a love story Today's actresses need to learn on how to be friends: Salman   This Weekend | Food | Style | Recreation | Travel Top trending videos: April 2nd week, 2017 What's trending this week (April 13th, 2017) Top videos trending this week Weekend Events Oman 06, 07, 08 April, 2017 Oman Dining: Savour Mandi’s salty-sweet magic Opinion Columnist The insecurity of inequality April 11, 2017 | 2:22 PM by Kaushik Basu High-rise residential buildings are seen behind a cluster of houses at a slum in Mumbai May 6, 2014. Photo - Reuters file x High-rise residential buildings are seen behind a cluster of houses at a slum in Mumbai May 6, 2014. Photo - Reuters file   Sharelines The insecurity of inequality #The insecurity of inequality Global inequality today is at a level last seen in the late nineteenth century – and it is continuing to rise. With it has come a surging sense of disenfranchisement that has fuelled alienation and anger, and even bred nationalism and xenophobia. As people struggle to hold on to their shrinking share of the pie, their anxiety has created a political opening for opportunistic populists, shaking the world order in the process. The gap between rich and poor nowadays is mind-boggling. Oxfam has observed that the world’s eight richest people now own as much wealth as the poorest 3.6 billion. As U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders recently pointed out, the Walton family, which owns Walmart, now owns more wealth than the bottom 42 per cent of the U.S. population. I can offer my own jarring comparison. Using Credit Suisse’s wealth database, I found that the total wealth of the world’s three richest people exceeds that of all the people in three countries – Angola, Burkina Faso, and the Democratic Republic of Congo – which together have a population of 122 million. To be sure, great progress on reducing extreme poverty – defined as consumption of less than $1.90 per day – has been achieved in recent decades. In 1981, 42 per cent of the world’s population lived in extreme poverty. By 2013 – the last year for which we have comprehensive data – that share had dropped to below 11 per cent. Piecemeal evidence suggests that extreme poverty now stands just above 9 per cent. That is certainly something to celebrate. But our work is far from finished. And, contrary to popular belief, that work must not be confined to the developing world. As Angus Deaton recently pointed out, extreme poverty remains a serious problem in rich countries, too. “Several million Americans – black, white, and Hispanic – now live in households with per capita income of less than $2 per day,” he points out. Given the much higher cost of living (including shelter), he notes, such an income can pose an even greater challenge in a country like the U.S. than it does in, say, India. This constraint is apparent in New York City, where the number of known homeless people has risen from 31,000 in 2002 to 63,000 today. (The true figure, including those who have never used shelters, is about 5 per cent higher.) This trend has coincided with a steep rise in the price of housing: over the last decade, rents have been rising more than three times as fast as wages. Ironically, the wealthy pay less, per unit, for many goods and services. A stark example is flying. Thanks to frequent flier programmes, wealthy travellers pay less for each mile they fly. While this makes sense for airlines, which want to foster loyalty among frequent fliers, it represents yet another way in which wealth is rewarded in the marketplace. This phenomenon is also apparent in poor economies. A study of Indian villages showed that the poor face systematic price discrimination, exacerbating inequality. In fact, correcting for differences in prices paid by the rich and the poor improves the Gini coefficient (a common measure of inequality) by 12-23 per cent. The better off also get a whole host of goods for free. To name one seemingly trivial example, I can’t remember when I last bought a pen. They often simply appear on my desk, unintentionally left behind by people who stopped by my office. They vanish just as often, as people inadvertently pick them up. The late Khushwant Singh, a renowned Indian journalist, once said that he attended conferences only to stock up on pens and paper. A non-trivial example is taxation. Rather than paying the most in taxes, the wealthiest people are often able to take advantage of loopholes and deductions that are not available to those earning less. Without having to break any rules, the wealthy receive what amount to subsidies, which would have a far larger positive impact if they were allocated to the poorest people. Beyond these concrete inequities, there are less obvious – but equally damaging – imbalances. In any situation where, legally, one’s rights are not enforced or even specified, the outcome will probably depend on custom, which is heavily skewed in favour of the rich. Wealthy citizens can not only vote; they can influence elections through donations and other means. In this sense, excessive wealth inequality can undermine democracy. Of course, in any well-run economy, a certain amount of inequality is inevitable and even needed, to create incentives and power the economy. But, nowadays, disparities of income and wealth have become so extreme and entrenched that they cross generations, with family wealth and inheritance having a far greater impact on one’s economic prospects than talent and hard work. And it works both ways: just as children from wealthy families are significantly more likely to be wealthy in adulthood, children of, say, former child labourers are more likely to work during their childhood. None of this is any individual’s fault. Many wealthy citizens have contributed to society and played by the rules. The problem is that the rules are often skewed in their favour. In other words, income inequality stems from systemic flaws. In our globalized world, inequality cannot be left to markets and local communities to solve any more than climate change can. As the consequences of rising domestic inequality feed through to geopolitics, eroding stability, the need to devise new rules, re-distribution systems, and even global agreements is no longer a matter of morals; increasingly, it is a matter of survival. - Project Syndicate < Previous PageNext Page > Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. STAY UPDATED Subscribe to our newsletter and be the first to know all the latest news Sign Up More in Opinion U.S. too dependent on China A fiscal reality test for U.S. Republicans Climate change makes air travel more bumpier Gallery +25 ° C +25° +25° Muscat Tuesday, 15 Wednesday +25° +24° Thursday +24° +23° Friday +24° +23° Saturday +24° +23° Sunday +24° +23° Monday +24° +23° See 7-Day Forecast Recommended for you International Day of Human Space Flight Ukraine president's grip weakens as central bank chief quits PREVIOUS ARTICLE Who is to blame for the water crisis in Oman? NEXT ARTICLE A fiscal reality test for U.S. Republicans Oman #OmanPride World Sports Opinion Business Technology Lifestyle Entertainment Advertising RSS Feeds Subscription TOO Apps Classifieds E Paper About us Blog Jobs Contact us Request a Quote Copyright © 2017 Muscat Media Group. Times of Oman is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Newsletter
Skip to content Publications Itawamba Times MS Business Journal Oxford Citizen Monroe Journal Pontotoc Progress Southern Sentinel Chickasaw Journal New Albany Gazette Southern Advocate E-editions Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Bridal View Announcements Submit an Announcement Daily Journal About Us Contact Us RC VOTE Business Directory Buy Photos Advertise News TPSD names 2017 Parent of the Year Five women charged with car, house arson One sentenced, one pleads in judge kidnapping plot More In News TPSD names 2017 Parent of the Year Five women charged with car, house arson One sentenced, one pleads in judge kidnapping plot Wicker praises end of partisan filibuster on judicial seats Man charged with Monday gun incident at Shannon High School View all posts in News Sports View all posts in Sports College Mississippi State Ole Miss Others More In Sports Community College High School Outdoors Professional Bulldogs wrap up spring football practices Featured Bulldogs blank Mississippi Valley State From school reports STARKVILLE – Pitching took center stage for the No. 13 Mississippi State baseball team Tuesday night. Jacob Billingsley, Peyton... Business Toyota Mississippi making ‘exciting’ announcement Video: Passenger is dragged off overbooked United flight Mississippi-based Trustmark closes purchase of Alabama bank More In Business Toyota Mississippi making ‘exciting’ announcement Video: Passenger is dragged off overbooked United flight Mississippi-based Trustmark closes purchase of Alabama bank Internet collections appear to have impact Homes sweet homes: Housing market heats up as demand surges View all posts in Business Lifestyle PHOTO GALLERY: Soul2Sold-out in Tupelo Wsir’s return: Artist finds his inspiration in Mississippi LESLIE CRISS: Getting older makes room for expanding team loyalties More In Lifestyle PHOTO GALLERY: Soul2Sold-out in Tupelo Wsir’s return: Artist finds his inspiration in Mississippi LESLIE CRISS: Getting older makes room for expanding team loyalties ROBERT ST. JOHN: Lessons learned in restaurant business are many Picking strawberries: Native Son event touts benefits of local produce View all posts in Lifestyle Opinion OUR OPINION: Strategies for attracting top teachers must continue CHARLIE MITCHELL: A moment of sympathy for those who manage the money ROGER WICKER: Celebrate First Amendment religious freedoms More In Opinion OUR OPINION: Strategies for attracting top teachers must continue CHARLIE MITCHELL: A moment of sympathy for those who manage the money ROGER WICKER: Celebrate First Amendment religious freedoms OUR OPINION: Good news aplenty last week in region ANGELA FARMER: Best way to connect with a child begins by listening View all posts in Opinion Records Obituaries View latest Obituaries View archived Obituaries Blogs Biz Buzz Toyota Mississippi planning 'exciting' announcement on Thursday Inside MSU Sports Inside MSU Sports is moving Inside Ole Miss Sports Alabama 48, Ole Miss 43: Freeze likes the effort, not the mistakes Mighty Daily Journal An antidote to this age of distraction Education Matters Tupelo School Board 06.09.15 Subscriptions Begin a Subscription Print and Digital Options Request Two-week Free Trial Other Weekly Newspapers Q&A About Our Paid Content Manage Your Subscription Renew Your Subscription Request Temporary Stop Report Delivery Error Rate Your Delivery Service Videos Howland holds end of the year press conference New Ole Miss coordinators assess spring drills VIDEO: Newsbreak, April 11, 2017 Capitol View webcast: Revenue collections up in March Postgame interviews: Kentucky (Sunday) Rebels wrap sweep of Tide Podcasts The Memo Double Coverage Prep Rally News » Records » CRIME REPORTS: April 11, 2017 CRIME REPORTS: April 11, 2017 Posted on April 11, 2017 by Daily Journal in Records Felonies The following people were booked into the Lee County-Tupelo Adult Jail in connection with felony charges ending Monday at 11 a.m. • Kwamane Berry, 25, of Belden, was arrested by the Shannon Police Department, aggravated domestic violence. • James Garner, 28, of Tupelo, was arrested by the Tupelo Police Department, shooting into an occupied dwelling. • Stefan Lester, 19, of Tupelo, was arrested by the Tupelo Police Department, felony fleeing, resisting arrest. • Amanda Perkins, 29, of Saltillo, was arrested by the Lee County Sheriff’s Office, hindering prosecution, rendering criminal assistance. • Terriune Tallie, 18, of Tupelo, was arrested by the Lee County Sheriff’s Office, first-degree arson, third-degree arson. • Javarius D. Trice, 19, of Shannon, was arrested by the Tupelo Police Department, possession of a stolen firearm. • India Wright, 21, of Tupelo, was arrested by the Lee County Sheriff’s Office, first-degree arson, third-degree arson. Police Reports The following reports were filed Monday by the Lee County Sheriff’s Office • A Holly Springs man said someone broke into a County Road 404 Shannon house he owns and stole the refrigerator. • A County Road 601 Guntown man said he got an email saying his credit card had been used to purchase nearly $300 worth of goods from Walmart.com. He then noticed around $600 in fraudulent purchases. It appeared someone had gone through his wife’s purse and stolen the credit card. • A County Road 1820 woman said someone entered her house and stole a gold ring from a jewelry box in the master bedroom. • A Rylan Drive Auburn woman said a man she has a protection order against was at her house collecting his belongings. In the process, he allegedly took her cell phone. • A County Road 2346 Guntown woman said her ex-boyfriend came to her house and stole her state ID, EBT card, child support card and a birth certificate. • A County Road 1503 Baldwyn man said a man came to his property, took the keys to his truck, then drove to the back of the property to try to pull the suspect’s girlfriend’s Jeep out of where it was stuck. When the man got his truck back, he said the clutch was damaged and it was undriveable. • A County Road 130 Shannon man said someone stole the center caps off the wheels on his 2004 Ford. • When a County Road 47 Verona man was released from jail, he went home and discovered two televisions, around $250 in change and a saw blade clock were missing, along with the female who had been staying with him. • A County Road 1349 Tupelo man said someone came to his property and stole around 200 sheets of tin from a trailer parked in the front yard. • A County Road 681 Saltillo man said someone in a white Chevy pickup intentionally swerved off the road and ran over his husky. He took the dog to the vet and it had to be put down. • A man said he parked his John Deere 3038 tractor on his County Road 230 Nettleton property. When he returned the next day, the tractor was flipped on its side. • A County Road 154 Shannon man said his wife had been drinking and causing a disturbance, yelling and arguing with him about the children and her drinking. Anyone with information on any of these crimes is urged to call the Lee County Sheriff’s Office at (662) 841-9041 or Crime Stoppers at (800) 773-TIPS. Click here to leave a comment! Click video to hear audio Post navigation ← Capitol View webcast: Revenue collections up in March Toyota Mississippi making ‘exciting’ announcement → Subscribe to our daily newsletter for the latest news and updates Browse by Date: Select month April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 September 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 April 2000 March 2000 February 2000 January 2000 December 1999 November 1999 October 1999 September 1999 August 1999 July 1999 June 1999 May 1999 April 1999 March 1999 February 1999 January 1999 December 1998 November 1998 October 1998 September 1998 August 1998 July 1998 June 1998 May 1998 April 1998 March 1998 February 1998 January 1998 December 1997 November 1997 October 1997 September 1997 August 1997 July 1997 June 1997 May 1997 April 1997 March 1997 February 1997 January 1997 December 1996 November 1996 October 1996 September 1996 August 1996 July 1996 June 1996 May 1996 April 1996 March 1996 February 1996 January 1996 Polls Do you believe more students should be guided into the teaching profession? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Newsmax Quick Links Sitemap Advertise Subscriptions Obituaries Contests Place a Classifieds Ad Community Bridal Church Directories Blogs Classifieds Buy Photos NE MS Jobs About About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Conversation Guidelines Terms of Service Contact Us Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal 1242 South Green Street Tupelo, MS 38804 (662) 842-2611 info@journalinc.com Copyright © 2016 Journal, Inc. | Director, Architect, Programming: Chris Elkins | Marketing, SEO: Ashley Elkins, Thrive Digital Marketing
The part you play in the ongoing battle for Liberty is significant. Without you—our faithful readers—what the editors and staff of The Patriot Post do would be impossible, as would keeping the flame of Liberty burning bright. Please consider making a donation toward our 2017 Patriots' Day Campaign today. Thank you for standing with us! —Christy Chesterton, Director of Advancement Toggle navigation About About The Patriot Post Mission Operations Funding Mark Alexander Our Team Patriot Endorsements More About The Patriot Legal Notices Terms of Use Privacy Policy FAQs Archives Alexander's Columns Right Analysis Right Hooks Headline Report Right Opinion Memesters Union Cartoons Email Digests Humor Resources Historic Documents Founders' Quote Database Patriot Petitions Reference Pages The American Flag Be Prepared (EPRPC) External Links The Patriot Post Shop The Patriot Foundation Trust The Oath Act Essential Liberty Project Reagan 2020 Subscription What would you like to do? I want to subscribe. I want to change my email address. I want to change what I receive. I want to unsubscribe. Support Us Patriot Shop Current Digest Right Analysis Right Hooks Right Opinion Alexander's Columns Top Headlines Memes Cartoons Subscribe Support Us Patriot Post Shop About The Patriot Post Search The Right Opinion Government Makes the Poor Poorer Stephen Moore · Apr. 11, 2017 Tweet For all the obsessing in Washington over income inequality, why isn’t there more outrage over government policies that exacerbate the problem? There are hundreds of programs that increase poverty in America. Last week, at the Heritage Foundation forum on this very topic, my colleagues exposed many of these programs. Economist Don Boudreaux of George Mason University unmasked two such policies. One is trade protectionism. Trade barriers raise prices and act as a regressive tax on Americans, Boudreaux explains. They also stunt the very process of innovation that makes goods and services widely available to people at affordable prices to begin with. Think about the consumers who shop for those everyday low prices at Walmart: They’re not Hillary Clinton. The minimum wage clearly fits into this category, as well. In every other industry, Boudreaux notes, when something is more expensive we buy less of it. Why do some economists think that isn’t the case when it comes to buying labor? The minimum wage prevents people from entering the workforce and gaining the skills that can eventually land them higher-income jobs. This is so obvious that one wonders why liberals keep championing the minimum-wage cause. Marlo Lewis Jr. of the Competitive Enterprise Institute points out that the fuel-economy standards promoted by the leftist environmentalists add thousands of dollars to the cost of a new car. He estimates that these “green” policies could mean that, every year, five million fewer Americans can afford a new car. Another green policy that hurts the poor is the anti-fracking crusade. In my book with Kathleen Hartnett White, “Fueling Freedom: Exposing the Mad War on Energy,” we point out that the lower cost of electricity due to cheap shale natural gas has benefited low-income households to the tune of well over $4 billion a year. This is four times the benefit of the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program. If liberals really care about the poor, they should do away with LIHEAP and promote fracking. Social Security is the greatest swindle of all. A new study by Peter Ferrara for the Committee to Unleash Prosperity shows that if the average poor person who works 40 hours a week could simply put their payroll tax dollars into a personal 401(k) retirement account and tap into the power of compound interest, they would retire with a larger monthly benefit and have $1 million or more in an estate. Social Security robs nearly every low- and middle-income family with a full-time worker of at least $1 million over their lifetime. What a deal! When it comes to the trades of moving companies, realtors, hairstylists, limousine services, physical therapists and others, occupational licensing laws stunt small-business startups, destroy jobs and raise prices for lower-income consumers. What about the right to make a living? Big-government advocates defend these statist barriers to entry by arguing that they are needed to uphold professional service quality. Professor Boudreaux shows evidence to the contrary: Licensing requirements reduce service quality by shrinking competition in the industry. Arguably, the program that has most hindered upward mobility is the government school system in inner cities. Study after study finds abysmal educational outcomes and even unsafe environments for schoolchildren despite cities spending upward of $20,000 per child. At inner-city Catholic schools, these same kids could be receiving a better education at half the cost. Yet liberals oppose school-choice programs that would raise educational achievement and future earnings. (Look at their disgraceful treatment of Donald Trump’s education chief, Betsy DeVos.) These examples merely scratch the surface of scores of governmental polices that are regressive. Could the gridlock and polarization in Washington be ended by a bipartisan movement to identify and reform laws that hurt those at the bottom of the income scale? One universal goal that we should all agree on is equality of opportunity — which these laws squelch. Where are Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren, Nancy Pelosi and the class warriors when it comes to reversing government policies that are stealing money and opportunities from low-income families? Do they care more about protecting the poor or protecting big government? It’s time to really find out. COPYRIGHT 2017 CREATORS.COM Tweet Click here to show comments Subscribe Comment Top Headlines DOJ Ending 'Catch and Release' Policy Assad's Rule 'Is Coming to an End' Russia Knew Gas Attack Was Coming More Headlines Right Opinion John Stossel Warrior Trump Star Parker More Freedom — Good for Blacks, Bad for Black Politicians Jonah Goldberg New Sheriff Fires a Warning Shot in Syria Ben Shapiro The Insanity of the Left's Child Gender-Confusion Agenda Walter E. Williams Metastasizing Academic Cancer Todd Starnes Students Fear Chick-fil-A Might Spark Microaggressions Byron York With Syria Attack, Trump Uses Element of Surprise — On His Voters Hans von Spakovsky No More 'Catch and Release' for Illegal Immigrants Rich Lowry The Russian Stooge Tony Perkins Gorsuch a Time as This Stephen Moore Government Makes the Poor Poorer Gary Bauer Palm Sunday Massacre More Opinion Memesters Union More Memes Cartoons More Cartoons The Foundation "In selecting men for office, let principle be your guide. Regard not the particular sect or denomination of the candidate — look to his character." —Noah Webster (1789) More Founders' Quotes Who We Are We advocate individual liberty, the restoration of constitutional limits on government and the judiciary, and the promotion of free enterpise, national defense, and traditional American values. Read More What We Offer On the Web We offer solid conservative perspective on the issues of the day, including analysis, opinion columns, historic documents, humor, cartoons and more. Via Email Choose between our full-length Digest or our quick-hitting Snapshot to keep up with news important to Liberty. We also offer Humor on Monday and Alexander's column on Wednesday. Email Subscriptions Subscribe Change Email Address Change Email Preferences Unsubscribe Support Us Donate Online Donate by Mail FAQ / Contact Us / Terms of Use / Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017 The Patriot Post.
provisioner-processorCreated with Sketch. Slice 2Created with Sketch. Sign In Create Account Sign Out My Account provisioner-processorCreated with Sketch. Slice 2Created with Sketch. Home Departments Expert Commentary New Consumer Products Food Safety Processing Packaging Formulation Strategies Ingredients Sustainability Regulations Exclusives Processor Profiles Special Reports Top 100 Processors Processor of the Year Plant of the Year Multimedia ProvisionerTV Mobile App Webinars eNewsletters Podcasts eBooks Interactive Product Spotlights News Industry News Supplier News Magazine The National Provisioner Independent Processor Digital Editions IP Digital Editions SourceBook / Buyer's Guide More Associations Calendar Food Safety Summit Classifieds Market Research Modern Deli Provisioner Store Custom Content & Marketing Services White Papers Sponsor Insights Contact Connect Advertise Subscribe Print Edition Subscriptions Digital Edition Subscriptions Provisioner Prime eNewsletter Online Registration Subscription Customer Service Mobile App Connect with the National Provisioner Home » Keystone Meats is changing consumer perceptions about canned meats PackagingProcessor ProfilesIndependent Processor Keystone Meats is changing consumer perceptions about canned meats Don’t fear the can Keystone offers a full line of lean, hand-trimmed, all-natural beef, pork, chicken and turkey, all in a can. Along with canned beef, ground beef, pork, chicken and turkey, the company also offers several varieties of broth and soup base. Keystone doesn’t need to add any further preservatives to maintain the shelf life of its products. The ingredient list of the canned chicken, for instance, reads, “Chicken, Sea Salt.” April 11, 2017 Sam Gazdziak KEYWORDS canned meat Reprints No Comments When shoppers go to the grocery store to pick out their meat, odds are pretty good that they don’t go directly to the canned foods aisle. Canned meats have, right or wrong, developed a reputation as a substandard product, made with the cheapest cuts and leftover trimmings, packed with preservatives. That is of course a false assumption, and one Ohio manufacturer has been changing minds by offering a full line of lean, hand-trimmed, all-natural beef, pork, chicken and turkey. In a can. Like many processors, Keystone Meats got its start four generations ago, raising and butchering cattle. Keystone Meats opened up its own butcher shop and filled the meat case with locally raised beef, and it developed a business wholesaling meat throughout its home state of Ohio, as well as Indiana and Michigan. About 25 years ago, the company went in a different direction, and that decision has helped to greatly grow its business, as well as its name recognition. “We started making the canned meats just to sell in our retail store and a few other retail stores and butcher shops in the area. They did pretty well, and people seemed to be pleased with the quality that we produced,” explains Peter Dorley, president of the Lima, Ohio company. With that initial success, Keystone went to larger retailers, like Kroger, Walmart and Meijer, gaining distribution there as well. Its reach now covers most of the Midwest and neighboring states. “It’s a very organic growth, as I like to think of it. We just started local and reached a little further out each step of the way,” he explains. Its canned product portfolio has expanded as well. Along with canned beef, ground beef, pork, chicken and turkey, the company also offers several varieties of broth and soup base. Keystone Meats prides itself on being premium canned meat company. Rather than use the trimmings from the fresh meats operations, the butchers hand-select lean cuts of meat and cut them into chunks. Those chunks are then hand-packed into cans along with a little sea salt, before the cans are sealed and slow cooked. The result, Dorley says, “is what we think is the best quality canned meat you can make. “The final product is not a salty mystery meat that’s shaped like the can it came out of,” he adds. “It’s tender, juicy chunks of beef, pork, turkey or chicken. The most common, first-time customer comment is, ‘I can’t believe this came out of a can.’” Point of fact, the can doesn’t change its contents any more than a pouch, a carton, or a foam tray does. Its use offers some advantages, even. Dorley notes that, thanks to the can, Keystone doesn’t need to add any further preservatives to maintain the shelf life of its products. The ingredient list of the canned chicken, for instance, reads, “Chicken, Sea Salt.” The company doesn’t even add water. “I’m always telling people, ‘Don’t fear the can.’ It’s just a metal container that happens to form a great seal,” he says. Keystone’s message has been spreading, as the company’s distribution has gained steadily throughout the country. It has also grown its product line, adding a soup base line about five years ago. Dorley says that the soup bases, which use the company’s own meats as the primary ingredient, complement the canned meats well. Many consumers who pick up a can of meat for dinner also end up buying the soup base to use in the recipe. While the canned goods business continues to grow, Keystone isn’t straying from its foundations. The company still runs its retail outlet and makes its own fresh bratwurst, bologna and sausages, along with its beef cuts. It also custom processes fresh beef for local customers. Dorley notes that the cannery business and the processing business both require skilled butchers, so the company is able to utilize its employees in either business segment. Since Keystone produces its canned products in small batches, farmers also have the option of having their beef custom canned, if they wish. “That’s a nice service that we can provide, at least locally, for people who bring their cattle in,” he explains. “There aren’t many other operations that can do it all – bringing in cattle for custom freezer beef or canning the whole thing. If they can fill up a batch, I’m happy to do that for them.” A planned expansion to the cannery this year should increase the company’s packaging capacity, as well as add to its workforce of 35 employees. Dorley adds that the company will be reaching out to more and more retailers as well. Part of the company’s growing presence in the retail market stems from the fact that it doesn’t offer a “me-too” canned product. By providing a premium item in a category that typically is not considered premium, the company is adding something new to the store shelves. “If the retailer is bringing in Keystone, they’re not trading Brand A for Brand B,” Dorley says. “Bringing Keystone in truly brings incremental category growth for the retailers. There’s not really a whole lot out there that’s like it.”   Did you enjoy this article? Click here to subscribe to The National Provisioner. Recent Articles by Sam Gazdziak Burgers’ Smokehouse: Enhancing the traditions Opportunities abound for small meat processors in 2017 Williams Sausage plans construction of new plant Spring cleaning Editor In Chief, Independent Processor and Editor, National Provisioner.  Sam Gazdziak has been writing for trade publications since 1997 and joined The National Provisioner in 2004. He helped launch Independent Processor magazine in 2008 as its editor-in-chief.     Related Articles Raider Red Meats: A double major 2017 Consumer Trends Report: Knowing what they don't want Meat industry trends to watch for 2017 Burgers’ Smokehouse: Enhancing the traditions Related Products The Future of the Meat Market in the US, to 2019 Poultry Meat Processing, Second Edition Handbook of Meat Processing Organic Meat Production and Processing Related Events Eastern National Intercollegiate Meat Judging Contest American Royal Intercollegiate Meat Judging Contest International Intercollegiate Meat Judging Contest Cargill Wichita meat innovation center set for July 15 debut Related Directories Nu-Meat Technology Inc. Fusion Tech Integrated Inc. Sadex Corp. BIRO Manufacturing Co. You must login or register in order to post a comment. Report Abusive Comment Thank you for helping us to improve our forums. Is this comment offensive? Please tell us why. 
 Subscribe For Free! Print Edition Subscriptions Digital Edition Subscriptions Provisioner Prime eNewsletter Online Registration Subscription Customer Service Mobile App Connect with The National Provisioner More Videos Sponsored Content Sponsored Content is a special paid section where industry companies provide high quality, objective, non-commercial content around topics of interest to the The National Provisioner audience. All Sponsored Content is supplied by the advertising company. Interested in participating in our Sponsored Content section? Contact your local rep. Close Sponsored By Pure Bioscience Through The Looking Glass: Key Food Safety Challenges For 2017 The meat and poultry industry must constantly seek food-safety solutions that are superior to those currently in place. With that in mind, we offer three food-safety concerns facing businesses in 2017 and 10 questions that every company should ask regarding FSMA. Events November 16, 2016 Redefining Clean: Changing Blender Cleaning for Worker Safety In this educational webinar, Packer Sanitation Services, Inc. will cover better ways to maintain food safety with quality equipment while keeping employees safe. New blender cleaning solutions that don't involve energizing will be discussed. Attendees will walk away with knowledge that will help them strive towards improved safety conditions in food processing plants that utilize blenders. June 14, 2017 Global Pouch Forum 2017 This global conference networking event and exhibition, celebrating its 20th year, will again attract the largest target gathering in North America of end users, converters, and suppliers of materials, components, closure, and machinery for all types of pouches. View All Submit An Event Products The National Provisioner Source Book The Sourcebook is an exclusive buyer’s guide and reference tool for product and supplier information in the meat, poultry and seafood marketplace. See More Products The National Provisioner March 2017 The March 2017 issue of The National Provisioner features our cover story on Case Farms, the 2017 Burger Report, and much more! View More Subscribe Independent Processor April 2017 Check out the April 2017 issue of Independent Processor, featuring our cover story on Burgers' Smokehouse, how Keystone Meats is changing consumer perceptions about canned meats, and much more. View More Subscribe Proteins Beef Pork Chicken Turkey Burgers Sausage Bacon Deli Seafood Lamb / Veal More List Rental Partners Want More Food | Beverage | Packaging Group Privacy Policy Expert Commentary Editors Viewpoint Fight for Food Safety Legislative Copyright ©2017. All Rights Reserved BNP Media. Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Spicer apologizes for claiming Hitler didn't use chemical weapons Why Tillerson has his hands full with Russian counterpart Trump’s climate demands roil U.S. allies Plane mutiny unlikely to clip United's wings ‘He’s not a good influence on the president’ How Washington’s favorite cancer fighter helps himself Politico Playbook POLITICO's must-read briefing on what's driving the day in Washington Get the Playbook Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print W.H. still making calls looking for a deal on health care -- MULVANEY’S RISING STATUS -- 17 CEOs to the White House for a meeting with POTUS -- Congressman’s DAD writes a letter to the Freedom Caucus By ANNA PALMER (anna@politico.com; @apalmerdc) and JAKE SHERMAN (sherman@politico.com; @JakeSherman) with DANIEL LIPPMAN (daniel@politico.com; @dlippman) 04/11/17 06:57 AM EDT Driving the Day Listen to the Playbook Audio Briefing http://bit.ly/2omRNcs ... Subscribe on iTunes http://apple.co/2eX6Eay ... Visit the online home of Playbook http://politi.co/2f51Jnf WHCA PRESIDENT JEFF MASON announced on "Morning Joe" that HASAN MINHAJ is the headliner for the White House Correspondents Association dinner April 29. Story Continued Below BULLETIN FROM THE WHITE HOUSE -- ATTORNEY GENERAL JEFF SESSIONS is heading to the U.S.-Mexico border in Arizona today to announce “specific, new actions the Trump administration is taking to secure our borders and keep our people safe,” an aide said. THE TOUGH TALK STARTS -- AP at 6:32 a.m.: "LUCCA, Italy (AP) - Tillerson says Russia must choose between aligning with US and likeminded countries or with Assad, Iran and Hezbollah." Good Tuesday morning. PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP has said he is done with health-care reform, and is moving onto an overhaul of the tax code. But BEHIND THE SCENES, top White House officials are still calling Republicans, looking for a deal on a health-care overhaul. The bill went down in flames a few weeks ago, but the thinking is that the White House can’t just give up and walk away from their central campaign promise to repeal Obamacare. The effort has left Hill Republicans scratching their heads. A sharp Republican makes this observation: The White House is not so good at internal congressional dynamics. OMB Director Mick Mulvaney, VP Mike Pence and HHS Secretary Tom Price -- the leaders of the health-care reform effort -- are all former lawmakers, but they all lost internal party elections when they were in Congress. They haven’t proven terribly adept at counting votes. -- BUT, BUT, BUT … BUZZ IN THE WEST WING AND ON CAPITOL HILL: Mulvaney is on the rise in the Trump orbit. So when thinking about up and comers in the administration, think less about Gary Cohn, a New York City Democrat, and more about Mulvaney, a polished former congressman from the south who can keep up with Trump on the golf course (Mulvaney has a single-digit handicap). It’s also a sign of how quickly Trump can shift his loyalties. **SUBSCRIBE to Playbook: http://politi.co/2lQswbh ANOTHER CEO MEETING AT 1600 PENNSYLVANIA -- Seventeen executives are heading to the White House today for a “Strategic and Policy Forum” meeting led by Stephen Schwarzman (the billionaire CEO of the Blackstone Group who Trump dined with at Mar-a-Lago Saturday night). The meeting is a follow up from a February session. They’ll meet in breakout sessions with cabinet secretaries before a larger listening session. TOPICS INCLUDE ... infrastructure, education and more. -- COMMERCE SECY WILBUR ROSS’S GROUP: Rich Lesser of the Boston Consulting Group; Doug McMillon of Walmart and Indra Nooyi of Pepsico. -- ED SECY BETSY DEVOS’S GROUP: Ginni Rometty of IBM; Jack Welch, formerly of GE and Toby Cosgrove of the Cleveland Clinic. -- EPA ADMIN SCOTT PRUITT’S GROUP: Dan Yergin, the vice chairman of IHS Markit; Mary Barra of General Motors and Paul Atkins of Patomak Global Partners. -- OMB DIRECTOR MICK MULVANEY’S GROUP: Kevin Warsh of the Hoover Institute; Mark Weinberger of EY; Jim McNerney, former chairman of Boeing; and Larry Fink of BlackRock. -- TRANSPORTATION SECY ELAINE CHAO’S GROUP: Elon Musk of SpaceX; Bayo Ogunlesi of Global Infrastructure Partners; Philip Howard, the founder of Common Good; Matt Rose, executive chairman of BNSF Railway. EARLY-MORNING AP STORY by GW’s own Josh Lederman in Lucca, Italy: “With fresh urgency but scant solutions, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and top foreign diplomats held an urgent meeting Tuesday to strategize on a way forward to end the protracted civil war in Syria. A meeting of the ‘likeminded’ countries was hastily arranged on the sidelines of a Group of 7 industrialized economies in Italy, days after the U.S. for the first time launched airstrikes against Syrian President Bashar Assad's forces. It came hours before Tillerson was to make a tense trip to Moscow to press Russia's leaders to finally abandon their support for Assad. ... “At Tuesday's meeting in the walled Tuscan city of Lucca, the G-7 countries were joined by diplomats from Muslim-majority nations including Jordan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Turkey and the United Arab Emirates. The inclusion of those countries is important because the U.S. strategy for Syria involves enlisting help from Mideast nations to ensure security and stability in Syria after the Islamic State group is vanquished.” http://apne.ws/2ouMJ6w SCOOP -- “Trump takes control of the GOP machine,” by Gabe Debenedetti: “Now comes stage two of President Donald Trump’s takeover of the Republican Party. With the Republican National Committee firmly in his control, the White House and Trump’s political allies are now moving to lock down the state Republican parties, installing loyalists in top positions and laying the groundwork for the 2018 midterms and his 2020 reelection campaign in key swing states. Under the watchful eye of the president and the White House political office, Trump skeptics have been ousted from atop state committees. Lines of contact have been established to gauge the political temperature on the ground and monitor key upcoming races — beginning with the 2017 governor and attorney general races in Virginia. “In addition to the political travel schedule of the president and Vice President Mike Pence -- who have since November visited a number of Republican and battleground states that they won, but none that they lost -- administration staffers are being dispatched beyond the Beltway: Kellyanne Conway, a Trump counselor in the White House and his campaign manager, is set to speak to state parties in New Hampshire and North Carolina in the coming weeks.” http://politi.co/2p2jkP3 SPECIAL ELECTION IS HAPPENING TODAY -- “Republicans undertake unexpected rescue mission in deep red Kansas,” by WaPo’s Dave Weigel in Wichita: Democratic candidate James “Thompson was not supposed to win -- or even come close -- in this largely rural 4th District, which picked Donald Trump for president by 27 points. Rep. Mike Pompeo (R) vacated the seat to lead the CIA, and Republicans expected to hold it easily. “But in the final days before Tuesday’s special election, Republicans reacted to weak polling and turnout data by rushing resources to southern Kansas. A GOP super PAC rolled out robo-calls over the weekend from Vice President Pence, and on Monday from President Trump, in support of candidate Ron Estes. ‘Ron Estes needs your vote and needs it badly,’ Trump said on the call. ‘Ron is going to be helping us, big league.’” http://wapo.st/2pog4wy -- THE JMART DEADPAN from Wichita: “Congressional Republicans knew next year’s election could prove difficult, as the first midterm campaigns for the party controlling the White House often are. But not until a few days ago would they have believed that their immediate challenge would be hanging onto a House seat they have controlled for over two decades, in a district that President Trump carried by 27 points and that just happens to be home to that most nefarious of liberal boogeyman: Koch Industries.” http://nyti.ms/2p0wTBf SIREN -- “Republicans avoid town halls after health care votes,” by USA Today’s Heidi Przbyla: “Reps. Leonard Lance of New Jersey and Ryan Costello of Pennsylvania appear to be the only swing-district Republicans who voted for their party’s bill to replace Obamacare who will directly face constituents over the April recess, according to a USA Today analysis of scheduled town halls compiled by Townhallproject.com. … The lack of town hall meetings in key swing districts during a spring break that lasts until April 23 underscores the party’s precarious political position on health care and peaking civic activism by progressives. … “The migration away from public forums has been going on for months, despite complaints from constituents and local media. There have been roughly 30 recent newspaper editorials slamming lawmakers for avoiding town halls and calling on members to face their voters, not only in bluer portions of the country like New York but also in critical battlegrounds like Pennsylvania’s 6th and 7th districts, represented by Reps. Pat Meehan and Costello.” http://usat.ly/2pobM8n -- It’s never a good sign when lawmakers don’t want to interact with their constituents when they are back home. Republicans need a clear message on what they are doing on health care. The last-minute legislative gambit to pass a bill focused on high risk insurance pools in the House Rules Committee doesn’t appear to have done the job. ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: “It is now more important than ever for the business community and government to come together and collaborate to find meaningful solutions and develop thoughtful policies that create economic growth and opportunity for all.” Learn more in JPMorgan Chase Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon’s Letter to Shareholders: http://politi.co/2oaMj4Q ****** MICHAEL CROWLEY and JOSH DAWSEY on Syria: “Trump vexed by Assad’s motivation for chemical weapons attack”: “In White House meetings, evening calls with friends and even throughout the weekend at Mar-a-Lago, President Donald Trump asked a repeated question: Why did Syria’s president use nerve gas? Trump puzzled over the mystery -- even as he ordered 59 Tomahawk missiles careening into a Syrian airfield last Thursday night. … That Trump and his team couldn't initially decide what may have motivated the strike complicated the decision-making on how to move forward, one administration official said, but ‘not to the point of stopping us from doing anything.’ Still, the uncertainty and its effect on Trump provides a window into how the inexperienced commander in chief copes with major decisions. Aides and friends say the lack of clarity seemed to worry Trump, who is impatient and has sometimes expressed distrust of the intelligence community, while he faced his first military test. ‘No one really knew exactly why,’ a senior administration official said Saturday. ‘And Trump wanted to know why.’” http://politi.co/2poh2ce -- DAVID ECKELS WADE in The Atlantic: “Lessons From the ‘Red Line’ Crisis: I was chief of staff at the State Department the last time a president considered punishing Assad for using chemical weapons. The complexities we faced then are worth considering as Trump contemplates what’s next in Syria.” http://theatln.tc/2omkdDJ FILLING THE ADMINISTRATION -- “Why the Trump administration has so many vacancies,” by Nancy Cook, Josh Dawsey and Andrew Restuccia: “The process is bogged down as a result of micromanaging by the president and senior staff, turf wars between the West Wing and Cabinet secretaries and a largely inexperienced and overworked staff, say more than a dozen sources including administration insiders, lobbyists, lawyers and Republican strategists. Trump personally oversees the hiring process for agency staff by insisting on combing through a binder full of names each week and likes to sign off on each one … Also weighing in on the names -- and not always agreeing on final picks -- are leaders of sometimes warring factions, including chief of staff Reince Priebus, senior strategist Steve Bannon, Cabinet secretaries and, sometimes, the White House’s top lawyer, Don McGahn. “The only uniformity is that potential hires must show fealty to the president. ... The head of the Office of Presidential Personnel, Johnny DeStefano, did not start until Inauguration Day, and some of the office’s problems are attributed to his leadership, say Trump allies, Republican strategists and lawyers familiar with the hiring process. The administration picked DeStefano, who had run the data operation of the Republican National Committee and worked for former House Speaker John Boehner but had no recruiting experience. DeStefano, in turn, stacked the office with campaign veterans who demonstrated loyalty to the president but had little government experience.” http://politi.co/2o2HUhD -- “More delays in ambassador nominations, trainings,” by CNN’s Theodore Schleifer: “The State Department has delayed its planned training sessions for new ambassadors as an appointment bottleneck frustrates donors and allies of President Donald Trump who expect plum postings overseas. The sessions, meant to train new prospective diplomats who are successfully vetted by the White House, were originally slated to begin this month, but have since been rescheduled to May, according to a person briefed on the process. Friends of Trump have been lobbying him at places like Mar-a-Lago in Florida and at private fundraisers for positions in Western Europe or the Caribbean. But the training delay reflects the slow pace with which Trump is filling the ambassadorial positions, which typically are rewards to key supporters.” http://cnn.it/2ouNlZL DEAR FREEDOM CAUCUS, FROM A CONGRESSMAN’S DAD -- REP. TREY HOLLINGSWORTH (R-Ind.) was elected to Congress in November after his father gave $1.4 million to a super PAC boosting his campaign. Now, Joe Hollingsworth Jr. -- the 33-year-old congressman’s father -- has penned a letter to members of the House Freedom Caucus admonishing them for their legislative tactics. “First, let me disclose that I am not a resident or voter in your district. However, I am a conservative donor that has funded over a million in political campaigns for conservative causes. I was contacted today by a group that wanted to raise money to fund opponents against the House Freedom Caucus members. ... I have chosen not to participate in that cause but instead write you directly … [W]hat was done by the House Freedom Caucus was almost suicidal to the Republican Party, to your group and possibly individually.” -- Robert Burgess, the congressman’s spokesman, said, “Joe Hollingsworth exercised his right as a citizen to express his opinion to elected representatives, but he does not speak for Rep. Trey Hollingsworth who remains committed to working with fellow Republicans towards the full repeal of Obamacare.” NOT SO FAST -- “Trump Jr nixes 2018 NY bid, but could run for office someday,” by AP’s Jonathan Lemire: “Donald Trump Jr., rumored to be eyeing a move to follow his father’s footsteps into politics, will not be a candidate for governor of New York next year but is not ruling out a possible run for office in the future. The younger Trump, in an interview Monday with The Associated Press, categorically denied any speculation that he might challenge incumbent Gov. Andrew Cuomo. ‘I am not running in 2018,’ Trump said in his first public comments about a possible candidacy next year. But he acknowledged having been bitten by the politics bug and said that he could consider a run down the road. ‘Maybe someday,’ Trump said. ‘It’s not something I’m doing now. But you never know, it’s fascinating stuff.’” http://apne.ws/2nXYLBq THE JUICE … -- THREE DEM VETS LAUNCH CAMPAIGNS: Isaac Dovere scooped that House Democrats were recruiting veterans to run for office. Today three will announce their campaigns: Jason Crow, a decorated Army Ranger, is running against Rep. Mike Coffman (R-Colo.); Chrissy Houlahan, an Air Force officer, is running against Rep. Ryan Costello (R-Pa.); and Josh Butner, a Lt. Commander of the U.S. Navy Seals, is announcing against embattled Rep. Duncan Hunter (R-Calif.). -- HOT JOB: “Manager - Brand Public Relations, United Airlines”: “The pace is fast, our standards are high and the opportunities are boundless. If joining us in building a forward-thinking, path-blazing, world class communications team sounds intriguing – let’s talk. Being part of big, transformative moments like this are rare – so, if you have the courage, the creativity, the conviction, the agility, the leadership and most importantly the passion to help United reclaim its reputation as one of the world’s great and resilient companies we hope you’ll consider embarking on this journey with us.” http://politi.co/2om3Y7L (h/t Tom Manatos) -- HARRY REID is joining UNLV’s law school as its first distinguished fellow in law and policy. http://bit.ly/2oTt0P2 --ROBBY MOOK is back to sending campaign emails! He emailed yesterday on behalf of Archie Parnell, formerly a senior adviser at Goldman Sachs, running for the 5th district in South Carolina, which was Mick Mulvaney’s district: “My start in politics was as grassroots as you can get: campaigning for Democrats at the town dump. … Archie Parnell is running for the seat that John Spratt held when I first started working on Congressional campaigns, a seat that Democrats had held for over a century.” TRUMP’S TUESDAY -- THE PRESIDENT is attending the meeting of CEOs, then will meet with Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly, National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster and National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn. In the evening, he’s dining with military leaders. Playbook Reads PULITZER WINNERS -- THE LOCAL ANGLE -- David Fahrenthold of the Washington Post for his “persistent reporting that created a model for transparent journalism in political campaign coverage while casting doubt on Donald Trump’s assertions of generosity toward charities.” http://bit.ly/2p0LwV5 … A list of all the winners http://bit.ly/2posG6W PIC DU JOUR -- @agearan: “The wall outside the State Dept briefing room where portraits of former spokespeople used to hang.” http://bit.ly/2nzT3uo HOW ABOUT THAT -- “Remember Mitt Romney’s ‘binders full of women?’ They’re real. And we got them,” by the Boston Globe’s Jim O’Sullivan. http://bit.ly/2ouVVHV THE LATEST ON THE BAN -- “Full bench of 4th Circuit to hear Trump travel ban case in May,” by Josh Gerstein: “The full bench of a federal appeals court in Virginia will consider the legality of President Donald Trump’s revised travel ban executive order at an argument session next month, the court announced Monday. The 4th Circuit Court of Appeals said it will conduct an en banc hearing May 8 in Richmond on the federal government’s appeal of a Maryland-based judge’s ruling blocking Trump’s ban on issuance of visas to citizens of six majority-Muslim countries. Normally, appeals go to a three-judge panel for review. However, the en banc session will involve 15 judges hearing the case. The 4th Circuit’s active bench has nine Democratic appointees, five Republican appointees and one judge who was nominated to the court by both a Democratic president and a Republican one.” http://politi.co/2olRnlc TRUMP INC. -- “Leaked Email: President Trump’s Modeling Agency Is Shutting Down,” by Mother Jones’ James West: “One of President Donald Trump’s favorite businesses ... his embattled New York modeling firm, Trump Model Management, has officially told its business associates around the world to prepare for its closure, according to an email obtained by Mother Jones. Over the weekend, Corinne Nicolas, president of Trump Models, informed industry colleagues of the pending closure of the 18-year-old agency, in which Trump owns an 85 percent stake (according to his most recent financial disclosure). ‘The Trump Organization is choosing to exit the modeling industry,’ Nicolas wrote in the email. ‘On the heels of the recent sale of the Miss Universe Organization, the company is choosing to focus on their core businesses in the real estate, golf and hospitality space.’” http://bit.ly/2p29L2x THE LUV GOV -- “Robert Bentley’s years of scandal end in 6 historic days for Alabama,” by the Birmingham News’ Mike Cason: http://bit.ly/2p0y6bB ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: “A lack of economic growth and opportunity has led to deep and understandable frustration among so many Americans,” writes JPMorgan Chase Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon. Learn more about why we need “coherent, consistent, comprehensive and coordinated policies that help fix these problems” in his Letter to Shareholders: http://politi.co/2oKtc2G ****** SNEAK PEAK -- RICK PERLSTEIN in the NYT Magazine, “I Thought I Understood the American Right. Trump Proved Me Wrong”: “The professional guardians of America’s past, in short, had made a mistake. We advanced a narrative of the American right that was far too constricted to anticipate the rise of a man like Trump. Historians, of course, are not called upon to be seers. Our professional canons warn us against presentism — we are supposed to weigh the evidence of the past on its own terms — but at the same time, the questions we ask are conditioned by the present. That is, ultimately, what we are called upon to explain. Which poses a question: If Donald Trump is the latest chapter of conservatism’s story, might historians have been telling that story wrong?” http://nyti.ms/2olZLBf OFF MESSAGE PODCAST: Where to next in Syria? In the latest episode of Off Message, Isaac Dovere sits down with former American diplomat and Assistant Secretary of State Elliott Abrams, who breaks down every angle of the U.S position in Syria following last week’s bombing. “It certainly changes our posture in the sense that we’ve now said, ‘We will attack you if you use chemical weapons.’” http://politi.co/2nA61YO … Listen and subscribe http://apple.co/2nEa7y0 BEYOND THE BELTWAY -- “Nextdoor eyes 2018, aims for neighbor-to-neighbor approach in politics,” by Playbook California co-author Carla Marinucci in San Jose: “The community social media site has become a tool for elected officials, civic activists, and even political candidates aiming to reach voters, and neighbors, in San Jose’s 430 distinct neighborhoods, which make up one of the country’s largest and most diverse cities.” http://politi.co/2nA0kuc MEDIAWATCH -- “Breitbart editors tell staffers to stop writing stories critical of Jared Kushner, sources say,” by Business Insider’s Oliver Darcy: “Employees at Breitbart News have been asked by senior editors to refrain from writing stories critical of Jared Kushner, two people familiar with the matter told Business Insider. ... Kushner had become a target of Breitbart News amid reports that he was feuding with Stephen Bannon, the news website’s former executive chairman who is now the White House chief strategist.” http://read.bi/2ouCeQw -- WAPO STYLE PROFILE -- "Brian Stelter has been training for this moment his entire life," by Ellen McCarthy in New York. http://wapo.st/2poFbPZ Playbookers This evening, @WhiteHouse staff held a Passover Seder, marking first night of Passover. pic.twitter.com/ag9y7jmKfD — Sean Spicer (@PressSec) April 11, 2017 SPOTTED at the White House seder last night: VA Secretary David Shulkin, Jeremy Katz, deputy director of the National Economic Council, and other staff who couldn’t get home to spend the holiday with their families SPOTTED: Kellyanne Conway having a long and late lunch outdoors at BLT Steak Monday. A photographer on the sidewalk snapped photos of her while she was dining and was asked to leave. ENGAGED – Adrienne Watson, deputy comms director for the DNC and a Hillary campaign alum, just got engaged to Will Jennings. They met in D.C., worked together on the campaign, and he proposed in Charleston. Instapic with the caption “This ring goes with everything! #strongertogether” http://bit.ly/2nzSEba TRANSITIONS -- Alexis Weiss has moved to New York to lead media relations for Edelman’s public affairs practice as a vice president. She previously was a vice president on the media services and strategies team in Edelman’s D.C. office. … Alyssa Canobbio Hackbarth is joining the American Legislative Exchange Council as their manager of public affairs and digital strategy. Her last day as war room director at the Washington Free Beacon is Thursday ... Chris Pack is headed to American Crossroads as communications director. He is currently deputy communications director at the NRCC. ... ... Walter Garcia just started working as the press secretary for California Attorney General Xavier Becerra. He was the national press secretary for the Keith Ellison for DNC Chair campaign, and the western regional communications director at the DNC ... Danielle Doheny started at the International Myeloma Foundation last month as their new director of public policy and advocacy. She was previously senior LA for Rep. Richard Nugent (R-Fla.) … Rykia Dorsey, a press assistant at Third Way, has been named press secretary for Rep. Maxine Waters (D-Calif.). (h/t Matt Bennett) WELCOME TO THE WORLD -- Tori Weems, manager of standards and technology at the RIAA, and Michael Weems, vice president for government engagement at the American Lighting Association, have welcomed Eisele Weems, 6 1bs., 3 oz, born two weeks ago. Pic http://politi.co/2o2M358 BIRTHDAY OF THE DAY: Raelyn Johnson, senior producer at MSNBC and an Al Jazeera, CNN and ABC alum -- she is celebrating with “dinner with my best friend Miguel at dell’anima. It’s our tradition. We sit at the chef’s table which is adorned with Wu-Tang memorabilia and I instantly remember how old I was when their first album came out. I don’t know if that’s a good thing or a bad thing.” Read her Playbook Plus Q&A: http://politi.co/2p0zqvf BIRTHDAYS: Ethel Kennedy is 89 ... HFA alum Alex Phillips, now director of surrogates and media affairs for Leader Schumer ... Ed Skyler, former NYC Deputy Mayor for Operations now Citi’s EVP for global public affairs ... Erika Masonhall, comms manager for news partnerships at Facebook and an NBC News alum ... Rep. Kevin Brady (R-Tex.), chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, is 62 … J.D. Harrison, senior editor of strategic comms for the U.S. Chamber ... former Rep. Mark Kennedy (R–Minn.), president of the University of North Dakota, is 6-0 … David Wofford, VP at Meridian Group International ... Sydney Rubin, deputy director at WomenStrong International ... Michele Ballantyne, SVP for federal gov’t relations at Recording Industry Association of America ... Marcia Hale, president of Building America’s Future Education Fund and a Clinton WH alum ... Missi Tessier, managing principal at the Podesta Group (h/ts Jon Haber) ... Laura Braden Quigley, VP of comms at the California Medical Association ... Abigail Sigler ... Christian Science Monitor justice reporter Henry Gass ... Politico’s Hillary Alvaré and Boris Alban Saka ... Manuel Ortiz, founder of VantageKnight ... Donna Borak, senior economics writer at CNN ... Kate Warren, senior director and editor for careers and recruiting at Devex ... … Chris Gates, Broncos fan, senior advisor at the Council on Foundations and former president of the Sunlight Foundation ... Benjamin Bryant, deputy press secretary for Sen. Jack Reed ... Sebastian Silva, Sen. Kaine’s press assistant (h/t Sarah Peck) ... Joshua Lapidus, a Democratic consultant who has worked in Maryland/Montana, is 27 (h/t Kyle Cheney) ... Edelman’s Jon Berrier is 35, celebrating with dinner at Le Diplomate (h/t Blain Rethmeier) … Paul Arden, senior associate at SKDKnickerbocker and a Dianne Feinstein alum, is 3-0 ... Kevin O’Neill, senior director of marketing at the Washington Speakers Bureau ... Christopher Malagisi, editor in chief of the Conservative Book Club ... Don Graves ... Marc Ross, co-founder of Caracal Strategies ... Kargo’s Alex Douglas ... Nina Verghese ... Linda Lipsen, CEO at AAJ, the American Association for Justice (h/t Randy White) ... Julie Tarallo, Sen. McCain’s comms director ... 3 Bush 43 alums: Sarah Beth Lowe ... Nancy Yacoub ... Jacob Peterson, director of Latino affairs for Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner, is 32 ... Kim Aagaard, Podesta Group alum now a grad student at Sciences Po ... Julie Westfall, deputy politics editor at L.A. Times ... Jim Parenti ... Jamie Sterling ... Adam Kramer ... Jake Peterson is 32 ... Elliott Suthers ... Bob Fois is 55 ... William Hamby ... Gil Gross ... DOT alum Beth Osborne … Bret Funk ... Sharon Haselhoff ... Sara Norris ... Teresa Thomas-Boyd ... Danny Vega (h/ts Teresa Vilmain) … Pulitzer Prize-winning columnist Ellen Goodman is 76 ... Joss Stone is 3-0 (h/ts AP) ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Optimistic about the future of America’s economy, Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon believes we need effective public policy and for business to play a role in developing solutions that spur economic growth and benefit every American. Learn more in his Annual Letter to Shareholders: http://politi.co/2nTquUG ****** SUBSCRIBE to the Playbook family: POLITICO Playbook http://politi.co/1M75UbX ... New York Playbook http://politi.co/1ON8bqW … Florida Playbook http://politi.co/1OypFe9 ... New Jersey Playbook http://politi.co/1HLKltF ... Massachusetts Playbook http://politi.co/1Nhtq5v … Illinois Playbook http://politi.co/1N7u5sb ... California Playbook http://politi.co/2bLvcPl ... Brussels Playbook http://politi.co/1FZeLcw ... All our political and policy tipsheets http://politi.co/1M75UbX « View Archives Authors: Anna Palmer anna@politico.com @apalmerdc Jake Sherman sherman@politico.com @JakeSherman Daniel Lippman daniel@politico.com @dlippman About The Author Anna Palmer is a senior Washington correspondent for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Anna covers the world of Congress and politics, and has successfully chronicled the business of Washington insiders for years. Her stories take readers behind the scenes for the biggest fights in Washington as well as the 2016 election. Prior to becoming POLITICO’s senior Washington correspondent, Anna was the co-author of the daily newsletter, POLITICO Influence, considered a must-read on K Street. Anna previously covered House leadership and lobbying as a staff writer for Roll Call. She got her start in Washington journalism as a lobbying business reporter for the industry newsletter Influence. She has also worked at Legal Times, where she covered the intersection of money and politics for the legal and lobbying industry, first as a staff writer and then as an editor. A native of North Dakota, Anna is a graduate of St. Olaf College, where she was executive editor of the weekly campus newspaper, the Manitou Messenger. She lives in Washington, D.C. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX About The Author Jake Sherman is a senior writer for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Jake is the top congressional reporter on Capitol Hill and has built a career on landing hard-to-get scoops Since 2009, Jake has chronicled all of the major legislative battles on Capitol Hill, and has also traveled the country to cover the battle for control of Congress. Jake takes readers inside the rooms where decisions are made. His high-impact reporting resulted in the resignation of Aaron Schock. Before landing at POLITICO, Jake worked in the Washington bureaus of The Wall Street Journal, Newsweek and the Minneapolis Star Tribune. He also interned on the metro desk of The Journal News (N.Y.) and, during high school, worked on the sports desk of the Stamford Advocate (Conn.). Jake is a Connecticut native, and a graduate of The George Washington University — where he edited The GW Hatchet — and Columbia University's Graduate School of Journalism. Jake lives in Washington with his wife Irene, and listens to an unhealthy amount of Grateful Dead and Phish. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX About The Author Daniel Lippman is a reporter for POLITICO and a co-author of POLITICO's Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Before joining POLITICO, he was a fellow covering environmental news for E&E Publishing and a reporter for The Wall Street Journal in New York. He has also interned for McClatchy Newspapers and Reuters. During a stint freelancing in 2013, he traveled to the Turkish-Syrian border to cover the impact of the Syrian civil war for The Huffington Post and CNN.com. He graduated from The Hotchkiss School in 2008 and from The George Washington University in 2012. Daniel hails from the Berkshires in western Massachusetts and enjoys playing tennis, seeing movies and trying out new restaurants in his free time. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX Playbook - POLITICO Archive Tuesday, 4/11/17 Monday, 4/10/17 Sunday, 4/9/17 Saturday, 4/8/17 Friday, 4/7/17 View the Full Playbook Archives » Politico Magazine The Happy-Go-Lucky Jewish Group That Connects Trump and Putin By Ben Schreckinger The Handbook That Can Help Americans Rig the Government By Eric Liu So You Want to Partition Libya … By Geoff D. Porter Is Obamacare in a ‘Death Spiral’? By Harold Pollack More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login ≫ Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS 20 P/SUNNY TOKYO (3 p.m.) Markets 109.54 ¥/$ (3 p.m.) Opinion Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Home Delivery Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ Commentary / World Crouching Donald, paper tiger by Barry Eichengreen Apr 11, 2017 Article history Online: Apr 11, 2017 Last Modified: Apr 11, 2017 PRINT SHARE BERKELEY – Donald Trump’s comments about China during the U.S. presidential campaign didn’t exactly bolster high hopes for Sino-American relations once he was elected. Trump denounced China for “taking our jobs,” and “(stealing) hundreds of billions of dollars in our intellectual property.” He repeatedly accused China of manipulating its currency. The low point came last May, when Trump warned his followers that, “We can’t continue to allow China to rape our country. That’s what they’re doing. It’s the greatest theft in the history of the world.” Given such inflammatory rhetoric, many people understandably felt considerable trepidation in the run-up to Trump’s summit with Chinese President Xi Jinping at Trump’s Mar-a-Lago estate. It wasn’t hard to imagine a refused handshake or the presentation of a bill for payment, like the one Trump reportedly gave visiting German Chancellor Angela Merkel (a report denied by the White House). Instead, Trump treated Xi with considerable deference. One explanation is that he was preoccupied by the impending U.S. missile strike on Syria. Another is that it is easier to command Trump’s respect when you have an aircraft carrier, 3,000 military aircraft and 1.6 million ground troops. But the best explanation is surely that the U.S. depends too heavily on China, economically and politically, for even a president as diplomatically reckless as Trump to spark a conflict. Economically, the U.S. and China are too closely interlinked through global supply chains to be able to cut ties. U.S. companies not only compete with Chinese imports; they also rely heavily on them. Retailers like Target and Walmart rely on Chinese imports to stock their shelves. Electronics companies like Apple rely on workers in China to assemble their products. And the idea that the U.S. could easily source the same inputs from other countries is fanciful. Put simply, while Trump has repeatedly observed that China sells more to the U.S. than the U.S. sells to China, starting a trade war in an effort to correct this supposed imbalance would still cost American business very dearly. And if there is one constituency that Trump listens to consistently, it is business. Aggressive U.S. trade sanctions against China would send equity prices plunging, alarming a U.S. president who measures his economic policy success by the level of the stock market. The 1930 Smoot-Hawley Tariff didn’t cause the Great Crash, much less the Great Depression. But that tariff and the foreign retaliation it elicited sent the stock market down still further, which was hardly helpful. Politically, too, the U.S. cannot afford serious conflict with China, given the growing crisis on the Korean Peninsula, which North Korean provocations and Trump’s incautious reaction have brought to the fore. Posturing aside, Trump will be forced to recognize that military force is not an option. A surgical strike against North Korea’s nuclear facilities would most likely not succeed, while a massive attack would provoke devastating retaliation against South Korea. The only feasible strategy is tighter sanctions and political pressure to bring North Korea to the negotiating table. And the only party capable of tightening sanctions and applying effective political pressure is China, whose goodwill the U.S. now regards as essential. Trump’s about-face on China is of a piece with his “recalibration” on repealing Obamacare, reforming the tax code, organizing a large-scale infrastructure-investment initiative, and renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement. In each case, his glib campaign slogans have run up against the hard reality of actually making policy. In all of these areas, Trump is learning that he is hemmed in by the same constraints that led President Barack Obama’s administration to make the choices it did. As with Obama, the agent of change is turning out to be an agent of continuity. The U.S. has some legitimate economic grievances against China — for example, over its treatment of American intellectual property and U.S. beef and grain exports. But the appropriate venue for adjudicating such disputes is the World Trade Organization. That is where Trump’s administration, like Obama’s, is likely to end up. The Trump administration could yet label China a currency manipulator, rebuking it for keeping its exchange rate artificially low. It could do so either now or later in the year. But that accusation would be contrary to the facts: the yuan is now fairly valued, and China has actually been intervening to support the exchange rate, not weaken it further. Inside the Washington beltway, however, facts are no longer what they once were. Singling out China for manipulation might still appeal to a president who values symbolism as much as Trump does. But little of consequence would follow. The U.S. depends too much on Chinese cooperation to risk overly antagonizing China’s leaders. Labeling China a currency manipulator would be the economic-policy equivalent of launching 59 cruise missiles at an isolated air base in Syria. It would be much sound and fury, signifying nothing. Barry Eichengreen is a professor at the University of California, Berkeley, and the University of Cambridge. His latest book is “Hall of Mirrors: The Great Depression, the Great Recession, and the Uses — and Misuses — of History.” © Project Syndicate, 2017 www.project-syndicate.org Keywords U.S.-China relations, Trump-Xi summit World Blame Woodrow Wilson for the U.S.’ constant wars Lessons from Europe worth remembering Storm clouds gather over Korea What Trump’s Syria bombing really means Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now Three-time world champion Mao Asada announces retirement from figure skating Japan’s population projected to plunge to 88 million by 2065 Stage set for showdown between Trump and Kim as tensions surge on Korean Peninsula Hanyu’s legend continues to grow with latest masterpiece Japan tests reaction to obtaining strike capability against North Korea threat Japanese novelist sparks outcry in South Korea with insults about ‘comfort woman’ statue Japan suffers from the grand illusion of prosperity JR Hokkaido faces challenges on unique shinkansen line Sweden mourns four killed in Stockholm truck attack; suspect is denied Sunni lawyer Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
up next: now reading: Government Makes the Poor Poorer AP Photo/Patrick Semansky, File Government Makes the Poor Poorer By Stephen Moore April 11, 2017 AP Photo/Patrick Semansky, File X Story Stream recent articles Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Entry: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... For all the obsessing in Washington over income inequality, why isn't there more outrage over government policies that exacerbate the problem? There are hundreds of programs that increase poverty in America. Last week, at the Heritage Foundation forum on this very topic, my colleagues exposed many of these programs. Economist Don Boudreaux of George Mason University unmasked two such policies. One is trade protectionism. Trade barriers raise prices and act as a regressive tax on Americans, Boudreaux explains. They also stunt the very process of innovation that makes goods and services widely available to people at affordable prices to begin with. Think about the consumers who shop for those everyday low prices at Wal-Mart: They're not Hillary Clinton. The minimum wage clearly fits into this category, as well. In every other industry, Boudreaux notes, when something is more expensive we buy less of it. Why do some economists think that isn't the case when it comes to buying labor? The minimum wage prevents people from entering the workforce and gaining the skills that can eventually land them higher-income jobs. This is so obvious that one wonders why liberals keep championing the minimum-wage cause. Marlo Lewis Jr. of the Competitive Enterprise Institute points out that the fuel-economy standards promoted by the leftist environmentalists add thousands of dollars to the cost of a new car. He estimates that these "green" policies could mean that, every year, 5 million fewer Americans can afford a new car. Another green policy that hurts the poor is the anti-fracking crusade. In my book with Kathleen Hartnett White, "Fueling Freedom: Exposing the Mad War on Energy," we point out that the lower cost of electricity due to cheap shale natural gas has benefited low-income households to the tune of well over $4 billion a year. This is four times the benefit of the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program. If liberals really care about the poor, they should do away with LIHEAP and promote fracking. Social Security is the greatest swindle of all. A new study by Peter Ferrara for the Committee to Unleash Prosperity shows that if the average poor person who works 40 hours a week could simply put their payroll tax dollars into a personal 401(k) retirement account and tap into the power of compound interest, they would retire with a larger monthly benefit and have $1 million or more in an estate. Social Security robs nearly every low- and middle-income family with a full-time worker of at least $1 million over their lifetime. What a deal! When it comes to the trades of moving companies, realtors, hairstylists, limousine services, physical therapists and others, occupational licensing laws stunt small-business startups, destroy jobs and raise prices for lower-income consumers. What about the right to make a living? Big-government advocates defend these statist barriers to entry by arguing that they are needed to uphold professional service quality. Professor Boudreaux shows evidence to the contrary: Licensing requirements reduce service quality by shrinking competition in the industry. Arguably, the program that has most hindered upward mobility is the government school system in inner cities. Study after study finds abysmal educational outcomes and even unsafe environments for schoolchildren despite cities spending upward of $20,000 per child. At inner-city Catholic schools, these same kids could be receiving a better education at half the cost. Yet liberals oppose school-choice programs that would raise educational achievement and future earnings. (Look at their disgraceful treatment of Donald Trump's education chief, Betsy DeVos.) These examples merely scratch the surface of scores of governmental polices that are regressive. Could the gridlock and polarization in Washington be ended by a bipartisan movement to identify and reform laws that hurt those at the bottom of the income scale? One universal goal that we should all agree on is equality of opportunity -- which these laws squelch. Where are Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren, Nancy Pelosi and the class warriors when it comes to reversing government policies that are stealing money and opportunities from low-income families? Do they care more about protecting the poor or protecting big government? It's time to really find out. COPYRIGHT 2017 CREATORS.COM Related Topics: Government Comment Show commentsHide Comments RCP Log In | Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ©2017 RealClearPolitics | Go to full site
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Brexit Health Politics Sunday Life Education Graduations NI Assembly Election NI Election Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Cheltenham Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Billy on the box Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson Economy Watch Company Profiles Business Awards Food and Drink Awards Food & Drink Awards Guide Entertainment Horoscopes News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Food & Drink Magazine Food & Drink Awards Guide Features Books Running Women Awards Family Life December 2016 September 2016 April 2016 February 2016 Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Travel 2017 Travel Guide Video Archive Search Go Home › Business › Business News How the Halo effect has brought some spectacular vision to a range of companies Joanne Stuart of Catalyst Inc looks back over eight years of investments by Halo, the Northern Ireland business angel network, as plans are being developed for the organisation's next evolution April 11 2017 0 Comments How the Halo effect has brought some spectacular vision to a range of companies BelfastTelegraph.co.uk From cows, through digital search, baby products and even films, Halo angels have seen a huge variety of companies over the last eight years. Now, with nearly £30m invested and some big changes coming to Northern Ireland’s angel network, what difference has Halo made? http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/how-the-halo-effect-has-brought-some-spectacular-vision-to-a-range-of-companies-35610242.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/article35610234.ece/4c1b6/AUTOCROP/h342/2017-04-11_bus_30201632_I1.JPG Email Alan Watts of Halo, Ged McBreen of Komodo and Paul Clancy of Halo From cows, through digital search, baby products and even films, Halo angels have seen a huge variety of companies over the last eight years. Now, with nearly £30m invested and some big changes coming to Northern Ireland’s angel network, what difference has Halo made? The answer is that for some of the companies who received funding and of course for the angels who backed them, the Halo effect has been pretty spectacular. In this article we take a quick guided tour of the six counties of Northern Ireland to get a taste of some of the interesting companies who received funding via Halo. Halo itself kicked off at what was then the Northern Ireland Science Park, now Catalyst Inc, with around 15 business angels. Since 2009 this has grown to over 200 angels and funds, with over one-third based outside Northern Ireland. The basic idea of an angel network is to arrange for experienced people with money, the ‘angels’, to be introduced to companies with great potential. These investments can bring about an economic boost to the area, as the companies grow more quickly. This economic development argument is the reason that Invest NI has provided significant funding into the administration of Halo. Angels bring more than ‘just money’. Their connections, experience and strategic advice often turn out to have the biggest effect. Of course not all pitches result in investment. Halo typically pitched 50 companies each year to achieve 10-12 investments which is a typical figure for networks nationally. Belfast Our tasting tour starts in Belfast with Shnuggle who recently appeared on Dragon’s Den with their innovative baby products. Long before this however, they won Halo backing, gaining a group of experienced angels. Since then turnover has grown 10 times over and they plan to become a £10m company by 2021. “The entire process of seeking investment through the Halo angel network has transformed the company,” co-founder Sinead Murphy explained. “We were a start-up company on a small scale. Looking for investment forced us to focus on our growth strategy for the future and on delivering results, not just for us but for our new Investors. “Through the Halo process, we secured investment from four individuals and an institutional investor. “Having access to their expertise as well as their contacts also helped to open other doors,” Sinead added. Exporting to over 20 countries, Shnuggle’s products are now in John Lewis and Mothercare. Londonderry Not all companies are start-ups. Our next stop is Derry where BubbleBum already had sales of over £500,000 across over 20 countries when they pitched at Halo. Their colourful inflatable booster seats are now a common sight, not least of all at airport vending machines. The significant investment, which followed the Halo pitch, accelerated the company. With revenues of $4m, their products are available globally, including Wal-Mart, Target, Toys R US and Amazon. Founder Grainne Kelly is proud to have created 12 jobs in her native city. It is great to see the success of the companies, but the investing angels need to make some money too. If they don’t, then new investments are going to dry up pretty quickly. However the gestation period for angel investments is long — reports suggest six years on average. So Halo has done well to have three successful exits so far. The first was FarmWizard whose innovative digital management system was sold to a Duke of Westminster company. Sophia Search found an acquirer and market partner in Boxfish which has transformed the prospects for their intelligent search technology. Halo money also helped PathXL along the way to be ultimately acquired by Philips Medical and become a major development centre based at Catalyst Inc. Co Down Returning to our round-Ulster tour, Portaferry is the base for Just Live a Little whose export-based food company has created four jobs directly and the same again in suppliers. Their granola-based products are now stocked in Waitrose and Tesco, key targets from their pitch to a Halo audience at an event in Stormont. The result is exports to 12 countries and a 600% increase in sales. You can find their products as far away as Dubai, Taiwan and China! As an organisation, Halo has also had its success. In 2011 it was awarded the British Business Angel Association ‘Best Angel Network’ in the UK. It has pioneered the use of video, long before the advent of crowdfunding made this popular. And its highly innovative ‘Halo Brief’ technology delivers 90-second elevator pitches in a very time-efficient and secure way. Co Armagh Continuing on our tour, Portadown is the location of company MyCarNeedsA.com. Since their initial funding, over 750,000 car owners have booked £1.5m-worth of MOT, servicing and repair jobs across the UK through their site and more recently their new smartphone app. Managing director Scott Hamilton said: “My vision for the business was to help car owners find trustworthy garages to carry out MOT, servicing and repairs at a price and location that suits them. I also wanted to demonstrate that franchised dealers weren’t as expensive as car buyers believed and also give independent garages a level playing field to compete on. “Technology is playing an ever greater role in delivering visibility and efficiency into the customer journey and relationship with the dealer or workshop. “Our research shows that 39% of car owners don’t choose a garage based on price and that the work we pass on is split 50:50 between franchised dealers and independents. “We pitched twice at Halo, each time successfully, and in conjunction with other sources this has enabled us to build a really exciting business.” Co Fermanagh Who would have believed that customers in the US would send mail from India to Lisnaskea to be printed and processed for the UK postal market? Yet this service, provided by Hybrid Mail Solutions, means mailings are cheaper, faster, greener and more secure, removing the hassle of printing letters and stuffing envelopes. Revenue to date is over £2m, with annual growth a mouth-watering 85%, and three jobs created so far. Mid-Ulster The final destination is Mid Ulster where we find Farmvet Systems in Magherafelt. George Brownlee was one of two veterinary surgeons who were finding it increasingly difficult to meet the growing demands of farm clients, as George explained: “Farmvet is one of those ideas borne from frustration with the inefficiency in the profession I was working in and in my every-day work.... It was time someone did something about it. “It was time for vets to be better equipped to serve the needs of modern farm clients.” This was the genesis of Farmvet which now has 10 staff, over 1,000 vets signed up and significant sales. This type of story is typical — a good idea, borne out of experience, just needing the right help — both financial and experience — in order to create a great business. The last eight years have been very successful for Halo and for Northern Ireland. However, nothing remains constant. Catalyst Inc, which has delivered Halo from the start, will cease its involvement at the end of this month. Part of a bigger reorganisation this will ultimately see Halo become an integral part of an all-island angel network. The Halo team of Alan Watts and Paul Clancy have become well known figures in entrepreneurial funding here. After Halo, they will remain at Catalyst Inc where they will be concentrating on matching funding sources for the high quality and ambitious companies graduating from the Connect Springboard programme. Before handing over the Halo mantel, we challenged them to put their reputations on the line and name firstly, the Halo companies who are the ones to watch and secondly, those which came to Halo but didn’t take money — the ones that got away. Halo director Alan Watts tips Locate a Locum, an online platform that matchmakes locum pharmacists with pharmacies who need pharmacists for cover, as one to watch. As for the one that got away, he names Plotbox as a great company which didn’t take Halo money despite pitching to Halo Angels and at Pitch at the Palace in St James Palace. Plotbox, who use drones to map graves, are planning to reach 60 staff, building on their  success in the USA. Halo manager Paul Clancy rather fancies Sensum with Brainwave Bank as one he would have liked to have in the Halo stable. Sensum measure human responses to adverts which allows fine tuning and considerable savings for advertisers. The technology used by Brainwave Bank helps track progressive deterioration of the brain to fine-tune treatments. They pitched at Halo but chose to take their funding from other sources. Paul cites the quality of the management team as one of his reasons for tipping them. That’s the end both of this Taste of Ulster tour and of Catalyst Inc’s involvement in Halo. Looking back over his Halo period, Alan Watts sums it up with reference to the network’s investment in Terry George’s award-winning short film, The Shore. “When we started with Halo we had no idea of the variety of companies we would see, what great people we would meet and, to be honest, how much fun we would have in delivering such an important service,” he said. “I never would have believed for example that my name would be on the credits of two films, at least one of which won an Oscar — all down to angel investment. “As well as creating jobs and wealth, some Halo companies also help society. Komodo, led by Ged McBreen, transform what can be a nightmare for some kids into maths that is a pleasure to learn. This opens up doors into science, technology, engineering and — well — being an entrepreneur! “The nature of angel investing is that there are more failures than successes. So, sadly, we’ve seen some great ideas which simply never made it. “But the most important thing for me is seeing the companies and their angel investors working together and making a real success from great Northern Ireland ideas.” Belfast Telegraph Meat giant Dunbia in Brexit plan to slash Northern Ireland jobs and move to...  By John Mulgrew One of Northern Ireland's biggest companies is considering moving some of its operations to Great Britain due to fears over the fallout from Brexit, the Belfast Telegraph can reveal. Tobacco companies refused permission to appeal over plain packages rules  It will be illegal to sell branded cigarettes from next month after the Supreme Court refused permission to the tobacco industry to appeal over standardised packaging legislation. Labour pledges to guarantee pension triple-lock until 2025  The triple-lock guarantee on state pension increases will be protected up until 2025 if Labour wins the next election, the opposition has promised. Brexit puts the brakes on dreams of retiring abroad  Brexit has scuppered Britons' retirement plans as they shy away from a move to Europe and explore alternatives in the UK. Popular Borussia Dortmund team bus explosion: Marc Bartra injured, match postponed  World United Airlines video: 'They'll kill me, I want to go home,' says bleeding doctor David...  World Rory McIlroy and Erica Stoll to marry at fairytale Ashford Castle in Ireland  Northern Ireland Queen's academic who bought killer Howell's house faces charge of harassing a...  Northern Ireland Canadian man flew to Ireland to have sex with girl (13) he groomed on...  Republic of Ireland Dad displays son's ashes at anti-drugs talk Titanic 10k road race in Belfast 2017 [Photos] Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Belfast nightlife: Filthy McNasty's, April 8, 2017 [Photos]  Nightlife Northern Ireland Nightlife: The Bot on Wednesday, April 5, 2017 [photos]  From Belfast Telegraph Northern Ireland Rory McIlroy and Erica Stoll to marry at fairytale Ashford Castle in Ireland  Entertainment McVities Mud Madness 8km run [Photos]  World United Airlines video: 'They'll kill me, I want to go home'  Northern Ireland Porpoise found dead on NI river bank  Northern Ireland No jigs or reels in the lift - Belfast hotel sign for Irish dancers  World Doctor 'dragged like a rag doll' from United Airlines flight because it was overbooked  Northern Ireland British soldier 'unjustified' in firing shot which killed Derry schoolboy Manus Deery  Northern Ireland Lisburn mother's silicon guards save sport players from curse of cauliflower ear  Northern Ireland NI house where woman kept as sex slave  Sport Frampton destroys troll over GAA top remark  Education Translink Little Reporters 2017: Here's how to enter  Northern Ireland Ferrari crash: Belfast millionaire fined £250  Northern Ireland Watch: SF MLA ventures through 'DUP territory' for chocolate  Northern Ireland NI hospital worker put body bag on dead baby's bed beside grieving parents  Readers Pictures Ulster beauty spots Spring/Summer 2017 - readers' pictures  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Brexit Health Politics Sunday Life Education Graduations NI Assembly Election NI Election Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Cheltenham Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Billy on the box Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson Economy Watch Company Profiles Business Awards Food and Drink Awards Food & Drink Awards Guide Entertainment Horoscopes News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Food & Drink Magazine Food & Drink Awards Guide Features Books Running Women Awards Family Life December 2016 September 2016 April 2016 February 2016 Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Travel 2017 Travel Guide Video Archive Search Go
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / Crime / UPDATED: Police Identify Suspects in Retail Theft Investigation UPDATED: Police Identify Suspects in Retail Theft Investigation Posted on Tuesday, April 11, 2017 by Gant Team in Crime, Local News, Top Stories (Provided photo) Updated: CLEARFIELD – Both suspects in the Wal-Mart retail theft investigation have been identified, according to Lawrence Township police. Police received numerous telephone calls with the suspects’ identifies. “We would like to thank the public for its assistance,” police said. ____ CLEARFIELD – Lawrence Township police have initiated an investigation into a retail theft incident at the Wal-Mart Supercenter in Clearfield. The incident occurred at approximately 8:46 p.m. March 30 and allegedly involved a Caucasian male and female. Police described the male actor as wearing a dark brown Carhartt jacket, blue jeans, a blue or black hat and glasses. Police described the female actor as wearing a dark fleece or zip-up, blue jeans and black boots. Police said both actors were with two young children and left in a maroon or burgundy GMC pick-up. Anyone with information is asked to please contact the Lawrence Township police at 814-765-1647/48. GANT Police Blotter Clearfield County Center Obtains Associate Membership to National Children’s Alliance Tagged Clearfield Lawrence Township Police retail theft Wal-Mart Wal-Mart Supercenter Related Posts CCCTC Students Celebrate Halloween “Save the Ritz” to Host Christmas Sing-Along Summer Youth Programs Set for June at Penn State DuBois Winemaking Experience Benefits Campus Athletics Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Fearless Muckraking Since 1993 Home Articles Recent Articles Magazine Current Issue Back Issues Subscribe Subscriber Access Subscribe Donate Archives Search Authors About JOIN LIST Books T-shirts podcasts FAQs April 11, 2017 Instead of Taxes, Make Corporations Pay Government With Stock by Dean Baker by Tweet Email President Trump and Congress will soon take up the job of reforming the tax code, with particular attention to corporate taxes. Since a substantial portion of the corporate income tax is paid by wealthy shareholders, many of us are concerned that “reform” actually means reducing the tax burden for the 1% — and leaving a larger burden for the rest of us. But the need for true reform is real. Although the corporate tax rate is 35%, companies generally pay around 23%. Giant loopholes save companies money, deprive the government of money, and create money for people in the tax avoidance industry. Exotic schemes to game the system are constantly in the news. Take, for example, the corporate inversion strategy, in which a U.S. company arranges to be taken over by a foreign company in order to eliminate its liability on overseas profits. These takeovers generate large fees for the accountants and lawyers who engineer the process without improving the broader economy. “Dead peasant” insurance policies, made famous by the documentarian Michael Moore, are another example. In that scheme, huge companies like Wal-Mart take out insurance policies on the lives of front line workers, such as checkout clerks, to smooth out their profit flows and reduce their tax liability. If a worker dies, the company gets the payout, not the individual or his family. Someone undoubtedly got very rich dreaming up dead peasant policies but, again, this financial innovation does not contribute to economic growth. Perhaps the greatest scheme of all is the private equity industry, which loads firms with debt. Because the interest on that debt is tax deductible, private equity firms can make large profits even if they’ve done nothing to improve a company’s performance. Incidentally, many of the richest people in the country made their fortune in private equity, including folks like Mitt Romney, Pete Peterson, and many other prominent billionaires or near-billionaires. If the tax reformers are serious, and I hope they are, here’s one simple way to largely eliminate the gaming opportunities that have made these people rich. Instead of traditional taxes, the government could require corporations to turn over a portion of their stock, say 25%, in the form of non-voting shares. The government would benefit from any dividends or share buybacks but would have no voice in running the company. This system would eliminate almost all opportunities for gaming since a company would not be able to deny the government its share of profits unless it also withheld profits from its other shareholders. And we would not call that “tax avoidance” but outright theft – the sort of thing that gets people sent to jail. Many companies might actually embrace this system. They would save a huge amount of money on accounting and bookkeeping, and they wouldn’t have to take the tax code into consideration when they decided their accounting procedures for long-term investments. They could simply do what makes the most sense for them. (Publicly traded companies could be required to give the government non-voting shares, with private companies allowed to choose between this system or a higher tax rate.) Don’t bet on the Republicans looking in this direction — the potential losers from these reforms, after all, are probably rich people who vote Republican. It is likely that they have more interest in reducing the taxes corporations owe than in reducing waste and increasing economic growth. But the rest of us should have a clear idea of what is at stake. The corporate tax code is badly in need of reform and there are ways to make it better. This column originally appeared in the Los Angeles Times. Join the debate on Facebook Dean Baker is a macroeconomist and co-director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research in Washington, DC. He previously worked as a senior economist at the Economic Policy Institute and an assistant professor at Bucknell University. More articles by:Dean Baker next - Confessions of a Frequent Guest on Fox News, previous - Syria’s Guilt: Does It Matter?, CounterPunch Magazine Subscribe! 36 Pages, 6 Times a Year April 11, 2017 Richard Falk The U.S. Attack on al-Shayrat Airfield Kenneth Surin Kicking Them While They’re Down: What Trump is Doing to Appalachia Mark Schuller Undocumented Youth Seek Solidarity and Sanctuary Daniel Martin “It’s Complicated”: the Great False Argument for War Chandra Muzaffar The Gassing Game in Syria Dina Formentini – Chris Ernesto Assad Had the Upper Hand So Why Would He Gas His Own People? Garikai Chengu How African Muslims Civilized Spain Mark Weisbrot Julian Assange is a Political Prisoner Who Has Exposed Government Crimes and Atrocities Norman Solomon Russia-Baiting Pushed Trump to Attack Syria and Increases the Risks of Nuclear Annihilation Michael J. Sainato Tulsi Gabbard Challenges “Shoot First, Ask Questions Later” Syria Policy Ron Jacobs Syria: Beyond Western Myths and Half-Truths Jack Random Trump Diaries: Commander in a Box Ted Rall Confessions of a Frequent Guest on Fox News Dean Baker Instead of Taxes, Make Corporations Pay Government With Stock Barry Brown Syria’s Guilt: Does It Matter? David Welsh Police Terror in the Sanctuary City April 10, 2017 Paul Street Trumpenstein’s Tomahawk Dog-Wag: on Real and Fake News George Capaccio Arms and the Babies: Unbridled Compassion for All the Casualties of War Fawzia Afzal-Khan Journey to the House of Stone: Where Past Meets the Present in the Levant James Bovard Don’t Trust White House on Syria, Redux Michael Hudson Running Government Like a Business is Bad for Citizens Robert Fisk US Airstrikes: What Did the Russians Know and When Did They Know It? L. Ali Khan Deportation as a Crime Against Humanity Ben Debney It’s Freedom White Phosphorus, Damn Commies Matt Peppe Media Promote Baseless Assertions By Government Officials Of Russian Interference As Facts Binoy Kampmark Trump Strikes Syria Eric Sommer Trump’s Terrifying War Agenda Patrick Cockburn The End of Democracy in Turkey? Alexander Cockburn Nixon, Reagan and Lies Mel Gurtov Trump’s Shortsighted Intervention in Syria Brett Haverstick Catastrophic Logging Threatens National Forests Alice Donovan Escalation in Syria Carol Wolman Therefore, Choose Life… Weekend Edition April 07, 2017 Friday - Sunday Jeffrey St. Clair Roaming Charges: Metaphysical Graffiti John Wight Airstrikes Without Justice Sam Husseini Is US Policy to Prolong the Syrian War? Andrew Levine Trump the Loser Curtis FJ Doebbler Why the United States’ Use of Force Against Syria Violates International Law Ken Levy The Right’s Selective Enforcement of Criminal Law Ryan LaMothe Why Do Neoliberal Politicians Hate Poor People? Dave Lindorff Yet Another President Commits the Ultimate War Crime of Launching a War of Aggression Mike Whitney The Impending Clash Between the U.S. and Russia Robert Fantina Trump, AIPAC and the United Nations Matthew Stevenson Letter From Saigon Tareq Haddad Before We Go to War With Syria, Inconvenient Truths Must be Confronted CounterPunch Tells the Facts and Names the Names Published since 1996 Copyright © CounterPunch All rights reserved. counterpunch@counterpunch.org Mailing Address CounterPunch PO Box 228 Petrolia, CA 95558 Telephone 1(707) 629-3683 or 1(800) 840-3683 Editorial Jeffrey St. Clair, Editor Joshua Frank, Managing Editor Nathaniel St. Clair, Social Media Alexander Cockburn, 1941-2012 Business Becky Grant Business Manager counterpunchbiz@gmail.com Deva Wheeler Subscription and merchandise fulfillment counterpunchdeva@gmail.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. MENU Home Donate Donate via Paypal Search Recent Articles Top Stories Podcasts Subscribe Magazine – Current Issue Books Store Archives FAQs
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Tylina Food Products to Showcase Duff Goldman Biscuits at Bacon and Beer Classic Minneapolis Tour Stop Fans of celebrity chef Duff Goldman will get an extra treat, along with fans of bacon and beer attending the Bacon and Beer Classic on April 15 at Nicollet Island Pavilion in Minneapolis. Three “pop-up sessions” will be held throughout the day; from 12:30pm-3pm, 4:30pm-7pm, and 8:30pm-11pm. One of the nation’s fastest growing food and beverage festivals, the tour’s Twin Cities stop will feature original bacon-infused dishes, unlimited bacon strips, and samples of more than 50 craft beers from regional breweries. Guests can also try their hand at giant Jenga, strike a pose in a photo booth, and brand themselves with bacon and beer-inspired tattoos. All event participants will also receive a free, full-size box of Duff Goldman by Tylina Foods Premium Biscuit Mix, in Beer, or Bacon Cheddar flavors, available at Walmart. Three Bacon Eating Contests will highlight the event, one for each session. Second place winners for each competition will receive a gift pack with $100 worth of tasty products from the award-winning Duff Goldman by Tylina Foods cake and bake products line, based in Stillwater. Tylina Foods is partnering with the event to offer free Duff products at all twelve 2017 U.S. tour stops, held at venues including Santa Clara’s Levi’s Stadium, Denver’s Mile High Stadium and NYC’s Citi Field. The 2017 Bacon and Beer Classic marks the second time Tylina Foods has been involved with the event in Minneapolis, also participating last year during the tour’s inaugural stop at Target Field. For this year’s Twin Cities event, the tour is partnering with Food Recovery Network at University of Minnesota to collect any leftover prepared food, to distribute locally. All-inclusive General Admission tickets are priced at $45, with VIP tickets at $55, offering half-hour early admission and access to an exclusive cocktail bar. All tickets include a commemorative tasting glass and access to the Bacon and Beer Classic mobile app for special partner discounts, a pavilion map, and more. For more information about the festival and tickets, visit:  www.baconandbeerclassic.com. Catch the latest news on the Duff Goldman by Tylina Foods line at www.facebook.com/bakingduff. The Duff Goldman by Tylina Food Products line of bakeware and cake decorating products was designed by celebrity chef and star of Food Network’s Ace of Cakes, Duff Goldman, and the creative team at Tylina, to let everyday bakers “unleash their inner artist” and easily create masterpiece cakes of their own at home. Tylina Food Products 220 East Myrtle Street Stillwater, MN 55082 Beth Pursley Ontargt@aol.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsFashion, Lifestyle, Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NBC’s ‘Superstore’ Actor Dominic Pace Signs On To Civil War Era Feature Film Next PostNext Green Frog Systems Completes the Largest Continuous Solar Pathway Light Installation in Australia Search Recent Posts Acrylic Resin Coating Additives Market Professional Survey by Booming Types & Application Report and Growth Forecasts to 2019 2-Ethylhexyl Acrylate Market – Outlook Trends, Growth Factors, Top Manufacturers, Research Methodology and Forecasts by 2019 Crystalline Polyethylene Terephthalate (CPET) Market Global Industry Analysis, Forecast, Overview, Growth Impact and Demand by Regions till 2019 Hyperspectral Imagin Market Analysis and Growth Forecast by Applications, Types and Competitors in Europe 2019 Coal Mining Machines Market Analysis, Recent Trends and Regional Growth Forecast by Types and Applications 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
  Caracas, Wednesday April 12,2017   Home | About us | Who's Who | Contacts | Help Search:  Venezuela Links Venezuela Overview Venezuelan Embassies & Consulates Around The World Sites/Blogs about Venezuela Venezuelan Newspapers Facts about Venezuela Venezuela Tourism Embassies in Caracas Colombia Links Colombia Overview Colombian Embassies & Consulates Around the World Government Links Embassies in Bogota Media Sites/Blogs about Colombia Educational Institutions Wall Street Stocks Commodity Prices Commodities Crude Oil US Gasoline Prices Natural Gas Gold Silver Copper Currencies Euro UK Pound Australia Dollar Canada Dollar Brazil Real Mexico Peso India Rupee Caribbean Antigua & Barbuda Aruba Barbados Cayman Islands Cuba Curacao Dominica Caribbean G-Z Grenada Haiti Jamaica Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Central America Belize Costa Rica El Salvador Honduras Nicaragua Panama North America Bahamas Bermuda Mexico South America Argentina Brazil Chile Guyana Paraguay Peru Uruguay Follow Us What's New at LAHT? Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Most Viewed on the Web Popular on Twitter Receive Our Daily Headlines   HOME | Business & Economy (Click here for more) Pre-Packaged Salads Recalled after Dead Bat Discovered inside Bag in Florida MIAMI  Salad lovers across the United States were shocked on Monday following reports of a furry surprise being found inside a bag of prepackaged greens. Salad producer Fresh Express was forced to recall some of its salad mix packages on Saturday after a dead bat was found inside one of them in Florida, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Two people in Florida reported eating some of the salad before the bat was found, the CDC said in a statement. The public health agency added that it was working with the Florida Department of Health and the US Food and Drug Administration to investigate the incident. The decomposing bat was immediately sent to the CDCs lab for testing. In the US, some of these flying mammals have been found to have rabies. The deteriorated condition of the bat did not allow for CDC to definitively rule out whether this bat had rabies, the statement explained. It added that transmission of rabies by eating a rabid animal was extremely uncommon, as the virus does not survive very long outside of the infected organism. The unlucky customers had bought a five-ounce bag of Organic Marketside Spring Mix at a Florida Walmart, unaware of the alien chunks of meat it contained. In a statement, Fresh Express referred to the deceased flittermouse as extraneous animal matter and said that the company takes matters of food safety very seriously and rigorously complies with all food safety regulation. Its website also advertises a unique food safety program comprised of a comprehensive and synchronized set of prevention-based food safety practices and standards that are in place throughout all stages of the salad-making process, from seed development to distribution for store shelves. The recall affected Walmart stores in the entire Southeastern region of the US, including the states of Florida, Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi, Louisiana, Virginia and North and South Carolina. This latest episode of food made unsuitable for vegetarians through unexpected fleshy additions harkened back to previous incidents of questionable taste. In 2003, a Florida resident opened a can of Pepsi only to find the slimy remains of a drowned frog. In 2010, a man in London discovered a mouse baked into his loaf of bread. Experts say that, statistically speaking, it is nearly impossible to completely prevent these kinds of mishaps from occurring when producing food at an industrial scale, despite the stringent food safety regulations most developed countries have in place.   Enter your email address to subscribe to free headlines (and great cartoons so every email has a happy ending!) from the Latin American Herald Tribune:   RSS Feed [ Home ] [ About Us ] [ Who's Who ] [ Contacts ] [ Help ] Copyright Latin American Herald Tribune - 2005-2015 © All rights reserved
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 50 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM APR 12, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News APR 12, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 50 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Whole Foods rallies after Jana suggests selling By NICK TURNER AND CRAIG GIAMMONA Bloomberg News First Published Apr 11 2017 01:05AM    •    Last Updated Apr 11 2017 01:05 am Share This Article Whole Foods Market Inc. shares surged the most in more than two years after activist investor Jana Partners acquired a stake and suggested that the organic-food grocer consider putting itself up for sale. The investment firm announced an 8.3 percent stake in a filing on Monday, saying it would seek talks with management and push for a review of Whole Foods' strategic alternatives. Jana also may nominate at least three directors in a bid to help foster a turnaround. Whole Foods shares gained as much as 12 percent to $34.66 in New York, the most since November 2014. The stock had been up 1 percent this year through the end of last week. VIDEOS TOP JOBS The supermarket chain, which helped pioneer the organic-food movement, has been grappling with its worst sales slump in more than a decade. Six straight quarters of declining same-store sales have forced the company to close stores and rein in costs. A record-setting bout of food deflation has put additional pressure on the entire grocery industry. "They went from owning the space to having massive competition," said Brian Yarbrough, an analyst at Edward Jones. "It's a strong brand that has really struggled." In announcing its investment, Jana vowed to address the weak performance and potentially shake up the board. The New York-based firm also will examine real estate and Whole Foods' new small-store format called 365. Still, it may be difficult for Jana to improve performance in the short term, Yarbrough said. An outright sale to a grocery competitor like Kroger Co. may make more sense, he said. "It will be very tough to speed up the turnaround process -- the most upside would be with a sale," he said. Larger mainstream grocers, including Kroger and Wal-Mart Stores Inc., continue to advance on Whole Foods' organic turf, weighing on sales. Whole Foods has sought to fight back by offering more discounts and starting the new 365 chain, which is aimed at younger shoppers. But the strategy has been slow to pay off. The slump prompted Whole Foods to shrink the size of its chain this quarter for the first time in more than a decade. The company, which has about 440 U.S. stores, also abandoned its longer-term growth target of reaching 1,200 locations, seeking instead to get expenses under control. The comeback effort is in the hands of Chief Executive Officer John Mackey, a co-founder of the Austin, Texas-based company who retook sole leadership last year. He had served as co-CEO with Walter Robb until November. The struggles have fueled speculation that an activist investor will step forward and push for changes. As Jana fills that role, the firm is looking to reassess everything from Whole Foods' brand to the way it schedules worker hours. Monday's filing named five co-investors working with Jana, including three who have agreed to stand as dissident director nominees should Jana pursue a proxy fight in 2018: Glenn Murphy, Thomas Dickson, and Meredith Adler. The other two are Diane Dietz and Mark Bittman, who are acting as consultants. Bittman is a well-known food journalist and author who previously wrote a column for the New York Times. Jana's most recent activist encounters have happened largely behind the scenes. Last month, the hedge fund announced an agreement with Blackhawk Network Holdings Inc. to add two independent directors -- before it had even disclosed its 4.7 percent stake in the prepaid-payment network. In February, Jana struck similar settlements with drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. and jeweler Tiffany & Co. without any public scuffles. The Whole Foods encounter started with a different tone: Jana released an activist 13D filing that includes names of potential dissident director nominees. That suggests it's prepared for a proxy fight for control of the board. "The shares are undervalued and represent an attractive investment opportunity," the firm said in the filing. "Jana has substantial experience analyzing and investing in the grocery sector and more broadly across the food and retail sectors."   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Utah brothers launch billboard campaign to send message to Chaffetz BYU football: Utah State's refusal to sign release means a likely redshirt year for BYU freshman Joe Family finds hiker's body in Utah canyon Monson: Jimmer Fredette really is basketball's 'Lonely Master' How outdated Mormon teachings may be aiding and abetting 'rape culture' ELEVATE You may be procrastinating on your taxes if...   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
CLOSE ADVERTISEMENT US News All US News U.S. State News Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming News Forums Not a Topix user yet? Sign Up Forgot Your Password? Back to login Sections All Topix Top Stories Forums User Forums Business Tech Sports Entertainment US News Weird News Offbeat Stars! Topix › US News › Neil Gorsuch to be confimed Friday af... Neil Gorsuch to be confimed Friday after democrats fail to delay vote / courtesy of MGN Online There are 9 comments on the KATC-TV Lafayette story from Monday, titled Neil Gorsuch to be confimed Friday after democrats fail to delay vote / courtesy of MGN Online. In it, KATC-TV Lafayette reports that: With a divisive confirmation process behind him, Judge Neil Gorsuch is about to take his place as the newest Supreme Court justice. The 49-year-old appeals court judge from Colorado is to be sworn in Monday after a bruising fight that saw Republicans change the rules for approving Supreme Court picks - over the fierce objection of Democrats. Join the discussion below, or Read more at KATC-TV Lafayette. Leave a Comment Track Replies Comments 1 - 9 of 9 Comments Last updated 9 hrs ago CodeTalker “Watching The Children Rant” Since: Feb 17 1,011 Location hidden Please wait... #1 Monday Sanitation Departments in liberal cities have been alerted that there may be additional stress put on their staff due to liberal heads exploding. Judged: 2 2 2 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! BHM5267 “4 years of Libs in agony!” Since: Jan 11 1,521 Lake Geneva, WI Please wait... #2 Monday Looks like out institutions of higher learning will need to head to Walmart to stock up on Play-Doh, coloring books, and hot cocoa again...... Judged: 2 2 2 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! USA Today Milwaukee, WI #3 Monday Finally the No No No obstructionists are silenced and the government can move forward to other issues. An as Democrats had no valid arguments or alternatives on the Supreme Court issue, they have none on other issues, which is the very reason why they lost Senate and House majorities. And they have the gall to cry about democracy, when it was procedures of democracy which brought about their demise. Judged: 2 2 2 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Retribution Hockessin, DE #4 Monday Judge "*" Asterisk, the corporatist plug. Judged: 2 2 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! 16 TEEN SHOTS chicago Stone Mountain, GA #10 19 hrs ago 16 TEEN SHOTS chicago wrote: how many more white niggers or you white niggers going to put on the bench is judge thomas going to be the only COLOR on the bench you usa white niggers should be ashamed of your hateful ass you all are so Jim crow you white niggers don't care about the COLORS you all going to burn in HELL burn crackers burn. put some more COLOR people on the bench hateful ass crackers I hate you all you all do COLOR FOLKS WRONG white peoples GOD HATE ugliness and you white people are so WRONG doing COLOR folks like that ITS LIKE GIVE A LITTLE COLOR GIRL A white DOLL. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! 16 TEEN SHOTS chicago Stone Mountain, GA #11 19 hrs ago 16 TEEN SHOTS chicago wrote: how many more white niggers or you white niggers going to put on the bench is judge thomas going to be the only COLOR on the bench you usa white niggers should be ashamed of your hateful ass you all are so Jim crow you white niggers don't care about the COLORS you all going to burn in HELL burn crackers burn. I hate white peoples and I believe in voodoo crackers. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! 16 TEEN SHOTS chicago Stone Mountain, GA #12 19 hrs ago GIVE COLOR PEOPLE A CHANCE white peoples. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! BHM5267 “4 years of Libs in agony!” Since: Jan 11 1,521 Lake Geneva, WI Please wait... #13 18 hrs ago 16 TEEN SHOTS chicago wrote: <quoted text> I hate white peoples and I believe in voodoo crackers. That's fine, I'm sure "white people" feel the same about you....... Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! RustyS Since: Mar 09 11,157 The Left Coast Please wait... #15 9 hrs ago One appointment done, two to go. Thank God for Harry Reid's democratic 'leadership'. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Tell me when this thread is updated: Subscribe Now Add to my Tracker Add your comments below Enter Comments Characters left: 4000 You are currently logged in as . Not ? Enter Username Enter Numbers Please note by submitting this form you acknowledge that you have read the Terms of Service and the comment you are posting is in compliance with such terms. Be polite. Inappropriate posts may be removed by the moderator. Send us your feedback. US News Discussions Title Updated Last By Comments What would Jesus say about same-sex marriage? (Jul '15) 2 min DebraE 5,519 Global backlash grows against Trump's immigrati... 2 min Ms Sassy 3,460 This One Weird Thing Predicted If Your County V... 4 min Gotti 23 California math: 1 vote = $500 million in road,... 7 min Maria 30 Dem wants hearing after United passenger dragge... 13 min His Rights were v... 28 'Free Kim Davis': This is just what gay rights ... (Sep '15) 46 min Lou 25,680 Congress goes on break, Trump awaits big progre... 46 min Retribution 68 Poll: Most disapprove of Trump, except on economy 57 min duck you 107 BARACK OBAMA BIRTH CERTIFICATE: Suit contesting... (Jan '09) 1 hr District 1 239,904 Trump supporters express anger over Syria strik... 1 hr Maria 227 Barack Obama, our next President (Nov '08) 2 hr VetnorsGate 1,515,296 Trump voter 'betrayed' after undocumented husba... 3 hr Lmao 151 See all US News Discussions Find what you want! Search US News Forum Now Trending Now North Korea Syria Health Care China Pope Francis Iraq Saudi Arabia Supreme Court Mexico Iran US News News US News Republicans survive election scare, narrowly wi... Tillersona s Moscow talks hinge on new US lever... Wildfires scorch parts of Florida; gov. declare... Democrats: Solid opposition to Trump, but what ... Alabama state's 2nd female governor takes the r... Oregon set to shield marijuana user data from U... North Korea calls US aircraft carrier dispatch ... Cruz supports Estes in competitive congressiona... Over 40 arrested 14 injured spring break party ... Neil Gorsuch to be confimed Friday after democr... Judge to consider Arkansas' plan to execute 7 i... Top Trump adviser: US seeks both to oust Assad ... More US News News from Topix » More from around the web   Sacramento, CA News Forums & Polls Real-Time News Crime Dating Jobs Local Politics Obituaries Real Estate Yellow Pages Explore More Topix US News US Cities List World News World Countries List Celebrities Business Finance Autos Sports Sci-Tech Electronics Entertainment Movies Music Television Health Arts & Life Food / Travel Site Map / All Topics About Topix RSS Newsfeeds Law Enforcement School Officials About Us / Jobs FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Report Abuse? Advertisement Feedback? Comments made yesterday: 25,015 • Total comments across all topics: 280,228,640 Copyright © 2017 Topix LLC • Flag inappropriate postPost has been flagged for review • Send feedback • Cancel Change location Sacramento, CA Enter city, state or zip International users, click here. Be in the know! Notify me when there are new discussions. Thanks for your comment! Enter your email to get updates on this discussion. Don't show me this message again today. Thanks for kicking off the conversation! Enter your email to get updates when people reply. Thanks for your comment! Share your thoughts with the world Share on Facebook Now Don't show me this message again today.
Optometrists challenge initiative petition by retail group - KOAM TV 7 Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home News Links Upcoming Events Skywatch WX App Roads VIDEO Program Schedule Watch CBS Shows CBSNews livefeed Local News Monday's Child Pet Vet On Call SPECIAL REPORTS WEB EXTRAS Spotlight on Branson - 2016 Sky Watch Weather Sports 4 State Football Schedules and Standings Roper Honda Powerhouse Performance of the Week - Vote Now Morning News Morning News Guest Appearance Request Form Submit Birthdays & Anniversaries Crocktober 2015 Health Connections Skywatch WX App @koamnews Facebook @FOX14KFJX About Us Job Openings On Air Personalities Request DVD Email Updates Lifestyle Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Four-State Jobs Closings Submit a Cancellation Closings List Roads Contests Optometrists challenge initiative petition by retail group OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - An initiative petition supported by a group of retailers including Wal-Mart that would allow optometrists to operate inside retail establishments is being challenged by Oklahoma optometrists. The Oklahoma Association of Optometric Physicians filed a legal challenge on Friday to the petition filed by Oklahomans for Consumer Freedom. The retail group wants to launch a signature drive to get a question on the ballot that would nullify state laws prohibiting optometrists from operating inside a retail establishment. But in their legal challenge, the optometrists are challenging the petition alleging "logrolling," or combining several topics into one petition, in violation of the state's single-subject rule for legislation and constitutional amendments. A spokeswoman for the retail group says their legal team is reviewing the filing. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News News Sports Links & Numbers Monday's Child Money Talks Pet Vet Photo Galleries Facebook Twitter RSS Morning News Submit Birthday Recipes Event Calendar Morning Interviews Contests How to be a guest Weather Weather Blog Interactive Radar Current Temps Closings Android app iPad app iPhone app WeatherCall KOAM On Air Schedule Contact Us Job Openings DVD Request Form Advertise With Us FCC Public File Closed Captioning KOAM - Licensed to Pittsburg, Kansas Send tips, ideas and press releases to: tips@koamtv.com Send newsroom questions or comments to: comments@koamtv.com Phone: (417) 624-0233 or (620) 231-0400 Web comments or questions: webmaster@koamtv.com Newsroom Fax: (417) 624-3158 All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 KOAM. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Business Jobs General Notice Politics | Ask the US Embassy | Clearing Customs | Environment Corruption probes target nine Brazilian ministers 9:51 PM SRC head says more practical approaches needed to teach sciences 9:28 PM NSWMA completes clearing of Spanish Town Road 9:12 PM 150 youngsters being trained in 3D animation 8:51 PM Property tax remains unreasonable and exceptionally burdensome — PNP 8:29 PM Facilities to be provided for people abandoned at hospitals – McKenzie 8:04 PM Children's Advocate warns of deadly social media suicide game 7:37 PM ONLINE READERS COMMENT: Give land to 55-y-o residents for Independence 7:11 PM O-Wrap: Reductions in property tax increases… Health workers stage sick-out… Double murder accused on run almost 2 years 7:00 PM Malik ton as Pakistan down West Indies to take series 6:41 PM #SectoralDebate: Provisions in place for public sector wage increase — Ruddy Spencer 6:24 PM Blasts hit Borussia Dortmund team bus, hurting player 6:09 PM Accused on run almost two years after double murder 5:54 PM Forex: J$128.82 to one US dollar 5:37 PM #SectoralDebate: Uproar in Parliament as Opposition objects to bill to amend property tax 5:19 PM #SectoralDebate: No cap on property tax increases — Shaw 4:51 PM UPDATE: Men killed in stolen bus crash identified 4:24 PM #SectoralDebate: Opposition not prepared to support new property tax regime — Bunting 4:07 PM #SectoralDebate: Shaw announces reductions in property tax rates  3:46 PM British engineer nabbed with ganja at NMIA  3:14 PM Guyana reviewing local bauxite industry 2:47 PM Hitler didn't use chemical weapons, says Trump spokesman 2:30 PM Grange lauds Jamaica's Carifta water polo teams 2:12 PM Dominica Opposition Leader barred from entering Parliament building 1:56 PM Drought seriously affecting Negril water supply — NWC 1:45 PM News Antibiotic-free meat gets a foothold in US Agriculture Tuesday, April 11, 2017     Tweet NEW YORK, United States (AFP) — Facing pressure from environmentalists and shareholder activists, major US food companies and restaurant chains are moving to limit antibiotics in farm animals raised for meat. In February, Tyson Foods announced a “no antibiotics ever” pledge for all Tyson-branded chicken products, building on an earlier promise to restrict drug use on broiler chickens. Analysts see the latest Tyson announcement as further evidence of a trend of large companies limiting pharmaceuticals that scientists believe increase drug resistance for treating pneumonia, infections and other illnesses in humans. The wave started in 2014 with Perdue Chicken and chicken-based fast food chain Chick-fil-A, followed by McDonald’s, Wal-Mart stores, Pilgrim’s Pride and others. The announcements vary in scope, with some companies, for example, still permitting use of ionophores, antibiotics not used in human medicine. The shift follows warnings about antibiotic resistance from health officials and a September 2016 United Nations General Assembly resolution that pledged coordinated action to address overuse. “We’re seeing a cry from consumers for meat that’s responsibly raised,” said Lena Brook, a food policy advocate for the Natural Resources Defense Council. Still, the breadth of the movement should not be overstated. While an estimated 40 to 50 per cent of US chicken now is antibiotic-free, the percentage is far lower for pork and beef. Moreover, several leading companies have resisted action, while Sanderson Farms, a leading US chicken producer, has lampooned the trend. “There’s certainly strong and growing demand for it today, but to what extent it’s a fad or a long-term trend remains to be seen,” said Zain Akbari, a food industry analyst at Morningstar. Experts in animal farm science say US farmers, for decades, routinely employed antibiotics as a means to speed growth rates for animals, and to prevent disease outbreaks on farms where animals are frequently packed in close quarters. But an April 2014 World Health Organization report warned of the potential for a “post-antibiotic era” in which “common infections and minor injuries can kill” as drugs become ineffective. In voluntary guidelines that took effect in January, the US Food and Drug Administration said antibiotics in agriculture should be limited to medically necessary uses, and not for weight gain. The call by public officials has dovetailed, with heightened consciousness about food in broader American society that has also propelled organic food. Instead of antibiotics, Tyson is turning to probiotics and to botanicals such as oregano and thyme for routine treatment, while still employing antibiotics if birds become sick, a spokesman said. Tyson, which has faced shareholder resolutions in recent years on its water policy and other sustainability issues, also plans to limit antibiotics in pork, beef and turkey, although it has not yet set target dates. “We’re eliminating human antibiotics because it’s the most responsible approach to balance a global health concern and animal well-being,“ a Tyson spokesman told AFP. “Antibiotics resistance is a very complex issue, with no single cause and no single solution. It’s a global concern and we want to be part of the solution.” As other companies have done, Tyson began with chicken, in part because chicken farms tend to be vertically organised within companies, compared with pork and beef, which involve contracts with outside farmers. That means the company would need to institute programmes that impact its suppliers, analysts say. Advocates of stricter antibiotic use are pressing for action on beef and pork too, and are preparing a shareholder resolution for McDonald’s annual meeting. Since beef already has more premium grades, adding antibiotic-free products could be another opportunity to introduce a pricier product, said Akbari, the Morningstar analyst. Akbari said much of the current push is in response to millennials, who increasingly will “force retailers and producers to be pretty nimble”. Still, organic-minded millennials are not the only key segment in the vast US food market. Sanderson Farms last summer unveiled a marketing blitz in which a pair of folksy, baseball-cap wearing consumers mock the antibiotic-free craze in television ads that question the scientific link of agriculture to the growth of drug resistance and the wisdom of paying more for antibiotic-free chicken. Joe Sanderson, chief executive of the 62-year-old Mississippi company, defended the company’s stance in a February 23 conference call. “Everybody does not want that product,” Sanderson said. “And everybody does not believe the claims on that product, nor is that claim important to everybody.” ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES   1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper – email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus OTHER STORIES Jamamica hoping to replicate US professor’s Prison-to-College programme Children’s advocate warns parents about online suicide game Government wins ‘division’ in the House Property tax cut Principal breaks silence as Cumberland High woes continue Doctors want focus on benefits of ganja instead of profits HEART Trust/NTA increases grant to SLB from $100 million to $200 million US citizens, green card holders must file an income tax return PHOTO: Up in flames PHOTO: ‘Busy’ delivers to Boys’ Town All-Age Award-winning SDC officer urges parents to get children involved in community service CARPHA says Caribbean Regulatory System will help improve patient care in the region Digicel Play to reward customers with shopping sprees Oversubscribed Canadian schools expanding programmes Briton arrested with ganja at NMIA I am surprised, but very humbled — Quallo Shaw to address property tax issues in House today Senate again delays passing of Arbitration Bill Problems at Cumberland High New police commissioner appointed ADVERTISEMENT Poll Should the law be amended to allow children under 12 to be prosecuted for crimes? Yes No View Results » ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
Sections News Buy Photos Obituaries Archives Vietnam Revisited Most Wanted Meet the Police Above and Beyond Submit News Tips Cops and Courts Past 7 days Stocks and Finance Blogs Lost Photos Mommy Mentions Building Bookshelves Sports Penn State Golf Nascar Outdoors Past 7 days Opinion Thunder/Enlightning Past 7 Days People Games Lottery TV Listings Gas Prices Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Data Center School Databases Driving Pledge Schuylkill Living Magazine Latest Issue of SLM Advertise in SLM Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Customer Service Contact Us Submit News Tips Manage my subscription Birthday Form Become a Carrier NIE e-Edition Community Calendar Submit an Event View Calendar Events Subscribe UNLIMITED ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Pottsville Republican Herald Unlimited Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Republican Herald on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at republicanherald.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device, read the e-Edition sign up for daily newsletters, activate your unlimited access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Opinion • People • Obituaries • Photos • e-Edition • Classifieds • Marketplace Support for show earnsorganization’s thanks POLL Have you done any gardening yet this spring? Yes No Show results This poll is not scientific and is meant for entertainment purposes. Most Read Recent Comments Fatal accident on Interstate 81 New Frackville police chief may make changes after learning more about community Police log, April 10, 2017 State reviews requirements for PSSA, Keystone exams Frackville native, composer appreciates small-town roots Girardville turns out for rescheduled St. Patrick's Day Parade Police log, April 11, 2017 Your Views / Published: April 11, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     To the Editor: There are so many people, organizations and businesses that helped make the Mahoney Brothers show, honoring our first responders and Lt. Col. Joseph Diblin, a huge success. I hope we don’t miss any. Our local nurses, EMTs, firefighters and police were treated to a standing ovation by the near capacity crowd for the sacrifices they make to ensure our safety. Diblin, who will be 100 years old this year, walked to the front of the auditorium helped by Al Reidel, a member of the Kulpmont Cruise Association. Diblin became emotional as veterans and the police force saluted him, showing their respect for his many years of service. The large crowd joined Mount Carmel Area’s fifth- and sixth-grade special chorus, under the direction of Miranda Moyer, singing “America the Beautiful” to honor Diblin and the first responders. The performance by the Mahoney Brothers was outstanding. The Mount Carmel Area Band Boosters provided the program, supported by area businesses. Leann Witt coordinated that effort. A list of credits was printed in the program and all the proceeds went to the Band Boosters. Steph McDonald coordinated the concession stand and booster clubs at Mount Carmel Area benefited from that effort. The Charles Lucas Funeral Home donated the tickets and the American flag used in the program. The Academy Sports Center and the Subway at Wal-Mart sold tickets. Providing the food and refreshments for the Mahoney Brothers band, the first responders and the special chorus were Two Guys from Italy, Scicchitano’s Buono Pizza, Hollywood Pizza and Bakery, Mattucci’s, Vine Street Deli and the Subway at Wal-Mart. The local media, The Republican-Herald, The News-Item, T-102 Radio, WNEP and Service Electric, gave outstanding coverage before, during and after the event. Mount Carmel Area’s Dave McFee coordinated the lighting with two of his outstanding students, Manus McCracken and Kevin Stancavage. Our personal thanks to Superintendent Bernard Stellar, his office staff members and the custodial staff for their support. The Kulpmont Cruise Association thanks everyone who made this venture a success. The money raised will be donated back to our youth programs and needy local organizations. Now we turn our efforts to the 15th vehicle cruise to be held in Kulpmont on Sunday, June 18. This year’s cruise will honor our special area people. Members and participants in the Special Olympics are invited to be a part of the cruise. The grand marshal will be Michael Procopio. “God’s special people” will be transported in a trolley. Joe Cesari President Rich Mychak Vice President Patricia Mychak Secretary/Treasurer Kulpmont Cruise Association We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 111 Mahantongo Street Pottsville, PA 17901 1-570-622-3456 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 Pottsville Republican, Inc. PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS PEOPLE OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND POTTSVILLE JOBS Facebook Twitter      
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home #GST #NPA #YogiAdityanath Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements #ProsperityHub #TravelCafe News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessStocks-business Apr 11, 2017 10:36 AM IST | Source: CNBC-TV18 Here are fundamental trading ideas from Basant Maheshwari In an interview to CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh, Sonia Shenoy, and Anuj Singhal, Basant Maheshwari, Author & Independent Market Expert shared his readings and outlook on specific stocks and sectors. In an interview to CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh, Sonia Shenoy, and Anuj Singhal, Basant Maheshwari, Author & Independent Market Expert shared his readings and outlook on specific stocks and sectors. Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview. Sonia: Before I ask you about your market view, I need to know what you are advising on Avenue Supermarts (D-Mart) because I understand you bought truckloads of D-Mart during the IPO, so, you are a very rich man right now. However, what do you do in case you missed out on this big rally, does it still portend a buy? A: We bought on the first day first show; it is like a child, we picked it right from the maternity ward. We have been doing this for the last one year. So, Ujjivan, PNB Housing Finance, and now D-Mart. The rational about D-Mart is price to equity (P/E) ratio is just one way to look at it. It is like looking at the horse and the cart. So, if you are looking at the FY17 P/E, it is like looking at the cart, but if you are looking at the FY19 P/E, it is looking like the horse. If I can tell you two-three things, on FY19 basis D-Mart is still at a valuation almost equal to Blue Dart, or an Aditya Birla Fashion, or any of those and plus, this company is growing at 30-40 percent. You might have half a dozen or a dozen retailers in India, but the best part about D-Mart is, this is the only company which has got its strategy right. If you follow Walmart, they started from Arkansas in southeastern US and then they started. The other retailers, they open one store in Chandigarh, the other in Calicut, the third in Kolkata, and the fourth in Coimbatore. So, that is not the way to go about it. The concentric circle model which D-Mart employs and retailing is a very tough business, so, as long as you can get your cost low, you stay in the game. Apart from the NBFCs, I don?t think there are any other stocks which are growing at 30-40 percent and we love growth. We are intoxicated with growth and we are drugged with growth. So, that is one part to it. We have bought for our clients, and for ourselves and this is not a recommendation, we are just sharing an idea just like that. So, do your own diligence, own disclaimer that runs with it. Latha: I want to speak about your first love or your perineal love, housing finance. Repco Home Finance was your discovery. Now, is it still a buy? We have seen a lot of gains in the Indiabulls Housing Finance and other housing finance companies as well, you still like it and if yes, why? A: Repco we don?t own; it has been more than a year now. We have shifted our focus on Can Fin Homes, and PNB Housing. As you know, we have always discussed, we love growth, so Repco was 20-22 percent grower and Can Fin is growing at 30 percent and PNB Housing is growing at 40 percent. So, it made all the sense to move out of Repco and grow into these companies. Of course I can?t recommend a buy or sell, but we own Can Fin and PNB Housing in good quantity for ourselves and for clients and we are super bullish on the space. I think the housing finance space over the next five years would move into a trajectory which it has never ever seen in India. I think in US, when you read those books, you look at Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae and of course for some bad reason one of them went bankrupt and belly-up in 2008, but not before it went several 100 billion dollars of market cap. So, I think one of these can become something like that. So, over the next three to five years, if you just analyse the arithmetic, the cost of owning an home through EMI is now cheaper than paying ent in many of the places assuming you are buying at Rs 20-25 lakh home. So, people would move from rented property to owned property and all the time this government did was the ?garibi hatao? program if you could call it, it was a three ?G? program I always thought ? ghar, garib, and the gaon. However, now the first time the middle class is getting that break, so, I think that should be huge because whenever it was the low ticket guys, you just had okay Gruh Finance falls into that space, but now it is the 15-18 lakh people also who are taking loans, so, those guys would also benefit. So, I think this is on a different trajectory altogether. Sonia: These are themes that are well discovered, the market knows about this ? housing finance, retailers, tell us something new, because there are so many spaces where money is still being made whether it is ancillary steel makers, whether it is white good makers, whether it is auto ancillaries, refractories, etc. Any new themes that you have identified, any stocks that look interesting to you? A: No, for a change I don?t think we have got any new theme as now. Diagnostic is a good space, but the stocks are fairly valued. So, you can buy them and keep them. However, you buy expensive stock only because it is growing at 30-35 percent, so, if the diagnostic space is growing at 20-25 percent, you can look at them, but it is not such a screaming buy as the other ones. When your existing stocks are doing well, there is very little need to look at new themes. The ones which you talked about, the refractories, auto ancillaries and all of them, you can put 2-5 percent allocation of your portfolio, but we prefer putting 15 percent of our money into these stocks. So, they are not fit for 15 percent allocation.For full interview, watch accompanying video. Related news Business Buy Eicher Motors; pick UPL above Rs 747: Mitessh Thakkar Apr 12, 2017 11:22 AM Business Adani Power, Tata Power lower on SC order; analysts remain cautious Apr 12, 2017 11:18 AM Business Short PFC, REC, Karnataka Bank: Ashwani Gujral Apr 12, 2017 11:14 AM Business ITC can move towards Rs 300, Ambuja Cements Rs 275: Amit Gupta Apr 12, 2017 11:08 AM Business Buy Equitas Holdings, SBI, Indiabulls Real Estate, Bharat Forge; sell TCS: Sukhani Apr 12, 2017 10:10 AM Uncategorized Buy JK Tyre, Can Fin Homes, Dewan Housing Finance, Sintex: Gujral Apr 12, 2017 10:04 AM Business Here are some fundamental views from SP Tulsian Apr 12, 2017 09:53 AM Business Last 3 quarters Infosys closed in red on the results day: here’s how to trade Apr 12, 2017 09:35 AM Business Buy Canara Bank, IGL, Power Grid; sell Bharat Financial, Cipla: Mitessh Thakkar Apr 12, 2017 09:32 AM News Most Popular Top News Maybe it's time for hostile takeovers; govt must back honest risks: Uday Kotak D-Mart bumper listing: Should you buy, book profits or hold shares? Govt wants to ban cash transactions above Rs 2 lakh Will auction Aamby Valley if Rs 5,000 cr not paid: SC to Sahara Market Live: Sensex trims losses, Nifty eyes 9200; Maruti, Tata Steel falls Infosys Q4 profit may fall 3.7%, FY18 dollar revenue growth guidance seen at 7-9% Sensex unlikely to end 2017 above 30K; But these 6 stocks can return up to 52% Reliance Jio announces new Dhan Dhana Dhan offer; 3 months unlimited for Rs 309 see more Video of the day See Nifty at 10,500 in a bull case scenario; earnings growth to be in high single digits: JP Morgan's Adrian Mowat Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: AFP via Getty Images U.K. Grocers Secretly Squeeze Customers as Brexit Bites by Sam Chambers @SamChambersDMC More stories by Sam Chambers April 11, 2017, 12:00 AM EDT April 11, 2017, 5:31 AM EDT Supermarkets target price increases, holding line on staples Discounters’ rise keeps retailers from passing on pound effect Follow @Brexit for all the latest news, and sign up to our daily Brexit Bulletin newsletter. U.K. grocers are finding creative ways of passing on Brexit-induced cost increases to consumers. If you’re shopping for candles or light bulbs, buyer beware. Unable to raise prices of staple goods from milk to Marmite because of tough competition from discounters and watchful tabloid newspapers, supermarket operators like Tesco Plc and Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s Asda are ratcheting them up on less frequently purchased goods such as dental floss, whose costs might not register as readily with shoppers. “Milk is the sort of item that shoppers use to build their price image of a retailer,” said Cheryl Sullivan, chief marketing and strategy officer at Revionics, a software provider that helps stores formulate pricing strategies. “But shoppers are only price-sensitive on a fraction of a retailer’s range.” The U.K. imports almost half the food it eats and despite grocers holding firm on key lines, the effects of sterling’s Brexit-driven slide are filtering through to shopping bills. Prices for food and drink rose 1.2 percent in March, the most in three years, the Office for National Statistics said Tuesday. Targeted increases have joined “shrinkflation” -- decreasing product sizes while holding prices steady -- as a way for retailers to disguise inflation after the pound’s fall put upward pressure on costs and led to the  Marmitegate row between Tesco and Unilever. Grocers like Wm Morrison Supermarkets Plc have said they’re unable to pass along the full effect, but retailers are trying to protect profit margins by eking out increases where they can without sending shoppers packing. Picking Battles Retailers haven’t dared to tinker with the cost of milk, which costs 1 pound ($1.25) for a 2.3-liter carton at all of the U.K.’s major supermarkets. Yet the price of decorative candles rose 29 percent from October through March while light bulbs were up 19 percent and dental floss increased by 17 percent, according to independent price checker MySupermarket.com. “If a retailer raises the price of milk, they won’t just lose that sale, they’ll lose the whole basket,” said Steve Dresser, director of consultancy Grocery Insight. “Retailers have to pick their battles on price.” Research suggests grocers are right to be careful: 52 percent of Brits are more worried about the cost of day-to-day items than they were a year ago, according to a Barclaycard survey. Nearly three-quarters cited a more expensive weekly shop as the reason. Grocers run sales and loyalty-card data through price-optimization software to help them figure out which prices they can increase without alienating shoppers. Revionics said it has seen an increase in demand from U.K. retailers since the vote to leave the EU. Retailers typically order their ranges into products that drive sales and those that contribute to profitability, Sullivan said. Shoppers pay careful attention to the cost of frequent purchases, but are less vigilant about occasional splurges, making it easier to increase prices on those goods, she said. Value Perceptions Morrison announced temporary price cuts on staples such as potatoes and fish sticks in January. But the company recently increased the price of ground pepper by more than 10 percent, according to MySupermarket.com. Varying prices in this way taps into consumers’ imperfect perceptions of value, said Ivo Vlaev, professor of behavioral science at Warwick University. Shoppers are concerned with the number of products on which they think they’re getting a good deal, not the total amount they spend, said Vlaev, who conducted research for Tesco. The low prices of Aldi and Lidl, which account for about 12 percent of the U.K.’s grocery spend, exert a gravitational pull. When global food prices soared in 2010, Tesco and other supermarkets increased prices and opened the door for the discounters’ rapid expansion. Painful memories of the retail crisis that followed are restraining grocers this time around, according to TCC Global analyst Bryan Roberts. “The big chains are extremely mindful of not making the same mistake twice,” Roberts said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Read This Next U.K. Inflation Rise Takes Easter Break as Rate Stays at 2.3% Brexit Bulletin: Secret Supermarket Squeeze U.K. Consumer Back in Spotlight as Wages, Inflation Diverge London or Rotterdam? Unilever Set to Test May’s Brexit Strategy Trouble Is Brewing for Guinness After Brexit Most Read DeVos Undoes Obama Student Loan Protections United CEO Apologizes Again After First Mea Culpa Falls Flat United Is Under Fire for Dragging a Passenger Off an Overbooked Flight Trump Transition Team Faces Spending Review at Warren's Urging Sorry America, Your Taxes Aren’t High Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Budget Highlights Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » India Business News » D-Mart now the most expensive retailer in the world Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Apple unveils red iPhone D-Mart now the most expensive retailer in the worldRajesh Mascarenhas Investors' fervour for Avenue has shown no signs of easing since March 21 when its shares listed at more than 100% premium to offer price of Rs 299. | ET Bureau | Apr 11, 2017, 09.47 AM IST The shares are up 160% as of Monday , making Avenue the most expensive brick-and-mortar retail stock in the wo... Read More Mumbai: Radhakishan Damani may shun the limelight, but investors in his firm Avenue Supermarts, the owner of D-Mart chain of retail stores, have no such qualms. On Monday, they bought heavily into Avenue shares, boosting its market cap past the Rs 50,000-crore mark and its share price to a new high of Rs 806.80. The shares rose 7% initially before ending the day 3.3% up. Investors' fervour for Avenue has shown no signs of easing since March 21 when its shares listed at more than 100% premium to offer price of Rs 299. The shares are up 160% as of Monday , making Avenue the most expensive brick-and-mortar retail stock in the world on key financial parameters. While giants such as Wal-Mart, Costco, Tesco, Target, Metro and Carrefour among others are trading at a market cap-to-sales ratio of below 1, Avenue is trading at nearly 5.6 times. The market capto-sales ratio measures the premium that investors are willing to pay for future sales. D-Mart's eye-popping valuation and the stock surge have forced analysts and fund managers to warn about irrational exuberance.Though investors don't mind paying a premium for the fastest-growing and most-profitable retail stock in the country, they are finding it difficult to justify the 96 times FY17 multiple for the stock. "The stock with low float is getting into bubble territory" said Sanjiv Bhasin, EVP-markets, IIFL. "We are extremely cautious." The FY18 numbers discount the current market price by 65 times compared with 16.8 times for WalMart, 30.05 times for Costco and Target's 13.33 times. Avenue's sales and market cap are tiny compared with the retail biggies of the world but the fact that investors are willing to pay lavish premium to own the stock is helping the Mumbai-based firm hog the global limelight. "Valuation at nearly 100 PE is not at all justified, but investors are giving Avenue Supermarts a lavish valuation because of its growth visibility and clarity in strategy ," said Daljit Kohli, head of research, IndiaNivesh Securities. "It is a quality play on the Indian retail sector and investors are paying hefty premium as there are limited options to invest in the fast emerging Indian retail sector." Avenue is worth $7.52 billion at end of trading on Monday, more than that of Tata Steel, Cipla, Dr Reddy's, Tech Mahindra, Britannia or Marico. Over the past five years, Avenue's like-for-like sales has grown 20% on an average despite subdued macro environment. Despite new store additions, same store sales growth (SSSG) numbers have not seen any significant moderation, implying healthy performance of the old stores. "From a 12-month perspective, we believe scope for absolute returns is limited, even as long-term investors may continue to own this name given low float and healthy long-term growth prospects," said Latika Chopra, analyst, JP Morgan. "Given limited catalysts for earnings surprise, we do not find room for further re-rating, rather, we highlight potential risks on the downside related to delay in store openings, soft comps growth andor increased investments in e-commerce." Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Affordable Health Insurance, Best 2017 Health Plans premiumaffordableinsurance.com These Dairy Queen Items Have the Most Calories HealthGrove — By Graphiq Have You Seen Top 2017 Pickup Trucks? BuyNewPickupTrucks | Sponsored Ads More from The Times of India Rishi Kapoor lashes out at Tabu's sister Sara Khan was forced to stay in Pakistan for a week White man shouts 'go back to Lebanon' to Sikh-American girl From the Web More From The Times of India After 15 Years Of Friendship, This Tiger And Bear Just Sai..OMG LANE Do You Have the 9 Traits of a Born CEO?Russell Reynolds Search Firm Discover Long Lost Photos of Your AncestorsAncestry Bet You Can't Ace Our US Geography QuizDirectExpose Remember Hurley? Wait Till You See What He Looks Like NowWeightLossGroove Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Sara Ali Khan to have 3 bikini scenes in ‘SOTY2’ Lose it like Bhumi Pednekar Kapil's alleged ex goes off twitter Indian-American enters governor's race in New Jersey ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Jadhav's death sentence is 'premeditated murder', says India in demarche to Pakistan Sometimes Virat Kohli is so aggressive, I feel a bit scared: R Ashwin 'Osama's head had to be put together for identification' 20 most dangerous animals in the world Ad: SocialDaft! 13 Weirdest Hotels You Can Stay in for Fun Ad: Viral Vacation Ideas Sensex ends 131 pts lower; Nifty50 below 9,200 Rising geopolitical concerns, a strengthening rupee, expectations from March quarter earnings and bullish FPI sentiment are likely to swing market mode all through Monday. Govt may soon slash margins under safe harbour rules In a big boost for IT sector, the government is likely to slash margins under safe harbour rules in a month. From around the Web These Are the Poorest Countries in the World FindTheData — By Graphiq 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancer Top 12 Bollywood movies that are based on real life stories! CRITICSUNION 10 World’s Most Peaceful Countries CrazyFreelancer More From The Times of India Editing lessons for Kangana - Times of India Manorama, Irom face of anti-AFSPA protest - Times of India MetroZip undergoes makeover - Times of India Read MoreTech MahindraTata SteelRadhakishan DamaniearningsD-Mart Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Companies turn to online platforms to upskill staff Co-working spaces fast emerging as preferred choice of big corporates Airlines miffed as government revokes flying ban on Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad Real estate sector gets 19 investments worth $3.4 billion in first quarter 1D-Mart now the most expensive retailer in the world 2Companies turn to online platforms to upskill staff 3Co-working spaces fast emerging as preferred choice of big corporates 4Airlines miffed as government revokes flying ban on Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad 5Real estate sector gets 19 investments worth $3.4 billion in first quarter Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Kulbhushan Jadhav Malcolm Turnbull RCB vs KXIP Reliance Jio Flipkart eBay Kulbhushan Yadav IPL Live Score Yogi Adityanath Anna Salai Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web RK Nagar Bypoll MI vs KKR Jio Summer Offer Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos How to get Pregnant Kollywood News Tollywood News Kollywood News Trending topics Yogi Adityanath IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Pionts Table IPL Score PM Modi Sunny Leone Pics xXx Baahubali 2 Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
News Sports Business Real Estate 66° Login Subscribe Full Menu 66° Login Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us E-edition Newsletters Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Crime Local Databases Education Lakewood Ranch Herald Lottery Nation & World Politics Special Projects Submit a News Tip Weather Weird News Blogs & Columnists Breaking News Blog I Am Woman Hear Me Write Sports All Sports Rays Spring Training Bucs High Schools FSU UF USF Outdoors Tennis Blogs & Columnists David Wilson Alan Dell Jason Dill Politics Politics Elections Business All Business Real Estate News Retail Small Business Port Manatee Living All Living Food & Drink Health Pets Religion Blogs & Columnists Cooking With Local Chefs Gulf Coast Cooking Cravings by Janelle O'Dea Entertainment All Entertainment Arts & Culture Fairs & Festivals Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Restaurants Local Events Movies Music TV Blogs & Columnists Marty Clear Opinion All Opinion Editorials Editorial Cartoons Letters Opinion Columns Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Place An Ad About Us Mixed Green Salad with Oranges, Dried Cranberries and Pecans. Chris Lee TNS Fresh Express recalled its Organic Marketside Spring Mix from Walmart stores in the Southeastern United States Saturday. 1 of 2 National April 09, 2017 9:14 AM Packaged salads recalled from Walmart after a dead bat was found inside By David J. Neal dneal@miamiherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Fresh Express recalled its Organic Marketside Spring Mix from Walmart stores in the Southeastern United States Saturday because a dead bat was found in a packaged salad in Florida. As the U.S. Food & Drug Administration’s recall chart notes, if there’s the possibility of bat body parts, there’s a “minimal risk of rabies contamination.” The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says it’s working with the FDA and the Florida Department of Health to investigate the situation. While Fresh Express’ recall notice tiptoes around the bat issue — “Fresh Express was notified that extraneous animal matter was allegedly found in a single container of the salad” — the CDC had this to say on its website: “Two people in Florida reported eating some of the salad before the bat was found. The bat was sent to the CDC rabies lab for laboratory testing because bats in the United States sometimes have been found to have this disease. The deteriorated condition of the bat did not allow for CDC to definitively rule out whether this bat had rabies.” The CDC did say the risk of rabies transmission is very low, but not zero, so the organization recommended the two eaters of the organic salad begin treatment as if they’d been exposed to rabies. Both report good health so far, according to the CDC. As for the recalled product, it comes in a five-ounce, clear container. The best-by date is April 14, 2017, with production code G089B19. Customers can toss it or return it to the Walmart of purchase. Those with questions can call the Fresh Express Consumer Response Center 800-242-5472 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. In addition to Florida, the salads went to Walmart stores in Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia. facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:42 National Zoo's baby orangutan goes for a ride Pause 1:03 The best airlines of 2017 0:59 Nelson calls for end to attacks on climate science 1:43 Florida Forest Service expects drought conditions to continue wildfire prevalence 0:31 School bus towed away after crash in Sarasota 1:13 Robbery suspect fumbles wads of cash while riding away on his bicycle 1:28 Take the elevator to your condo without leaving your car at Porsche Design Tower 0:59 U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson calls for end to attacks on climate science 0:27 Firefighters capture rhino iguana in Miami-Dade 0:30 Prosecutor pleased with 20-year prison sentence for Bradenton mom in boy's death Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email What to do if you think you have a recalled product There are many numbers and dates on the foods, drugs, cosmetics, and other products we use every day. Some help manufacturers track inventory, while others help retailers ensure quality. But when unsafe products must be removed from the market, these numb Credit: U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) David J. Neal: 305-376-3559, @DavidJNeal LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:42 National Zoo's baby orangutan goes for a ride Pause 1:03 The best airlines of 2017 0:59 Nelson calls for end to attacks on climate science 1:43 Florida Forest Service expects drought conditions to continue wildfire prevalence 0:31 School bus towed away after crash in Sarasota 1:13 Robbery suspect fumbles wads of cash while riding away on his bicycle 1:28 Take the elevator to your condo without leaving your car at Porsche Design Tower 0:59 U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson calls for end to attacks on climate science 0:27 Firefighters capture rhino iguana in Miami-Dade 0:30 Prosecutor pleased with 20-year prison sentence for Bradenton mom in boy's death Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 13 hours ago National Zoo's baby orangutan goes for a ride 0:42 13 hours ago National Zoo's baby orangutan goes for a ride 0:26 19 hours ago Dylann Roof pleads guilty to state murder charges for deadly Charleston church shooting 2:25 5 days ago Exploring California bridge via drone View More Video National Republicans survive election scare, win Kansas House seat Judge to rule on request to certify innocence in '57 killing Sen. Claire McCaskill plans 8 town halls across Missouri David Letterman's mom, who became unlikely star, dies at 95 Kansas outcome a warning to GOP as Georgia contest nears National Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions E-Edition (Digital Replica) Subscriber Services Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Mobile Advertising Place a Classified Ad Advertise with Us Shopping Local Deals Special Sections Public Notices More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
