X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Wal-Mart ups entry-level manager salaries ahead of overtime rule Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Tue Oct 11, 2016 | 6:24pm EDT Wal-Mart ups entry-level manager salaries ahead of overtime rule A general view shows a Wal-Mart store in Monterrey, Mexico, August 10, 2016. REUTERS/Daniel Becerril By Daniel Wiessner and Nandita Bose Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) has raised salaries for entry-level managers before a rule change that extends mandatory overtime pay to more than 4 million U.S. workers, in an attempt to shield itself from unpredictable additional costs for salaried employees. Wal-Mart raised salaries from $45,000 to $48,500 annually for employees including store management, spokesman Randy Hargrove said on Tuesday. The retailer did not break out the number of employees who received the raise. The new Obama administration rule, set to take effect Dec. 1, will require employers to pay overtime to salaried workers earning less than $47,500 a year, double the current threshold of $23,660. "We think the starting rate of $48,500 a year ... would make a lot of business sense for our company," Hargrove said. Wal-Mart is the largest private employer in the United States and employs 1.5 million workers, which includes store staff, store management and truck drivers. The managerial raises went into effect in September when Wal-Mart paid more than $201 million in second-quarter bonuses to hourly store staff as 99 percent of its stores met targets for cleanliness, faster checkout and better service. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart increased entry level wages to $10 an hour and in December 2015 said it would invest $2.7 billion in employee compensation and training over two years. These increases come at a time when the retailer is cutting back-office jobs and announced the elimination of about 7,000 positions, mostly in accounting and invoicing at its U.S. stores. The new overtime rule is likely to touch nearly every sector of the U.S. economy, with the biggest impact on retail, hospitality and restaurants. Last month, officials from 21 U.S. states filed a lawsuit claiming the new overtime rule will place a heavy burden on state budgets. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce and other business groups also filed a separate challenge to the rule in the same federal court. Business groups have said the rule will force employers to demote some salaried management workers to hourly positions and create more part-time jobs that do not offer benefits. Only 7 percent of full-time salaried employees are currently eligible for overtime pay down from 62 percent in 1975, according to the Department of Labor. (Wal-Mart corrects to say it raised entry-level salaries from $45,000 and not $47,746) (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; Editing by Andrew Hay) Next In Business News Obama officials work against time to wrap banking rules WASHINGTON U.S. officials are striving to put finishing touches on a slew of banking rules before President Barack Obama leaves office and hands regulatory power to Donald Trump who has vowed to rewrite the existing financial rule book. Oil prices extend declines on oversupply worries TOKYO Oil prices extended declines into a third session on Monday, dragged down by worries about oversupply as OPEC saw record output last month and as the U.S. rig count rose again. Dollar highest in nine months as risk-on mood remains firmly intact TOKYO The dollar rose to a nine-month high against a basket of major peers early on Monday, as a risk-on mood in global markets triggered by Donald Trump's election to president remained firmly intact. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Unexploded bombs in Laos Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to content » NME Search for: Search Music Music News Music Blogs Album Reviews New Music Photos Features Festivals Artists Lists Film Film News Film Reviews Film Blogs TV TV News TV Blogs Food Video Song Stories Basement Sessions 90 Second Interviews Eats & Beats Tickets Win Merch Home News Music News Miley Cyrus says she lost her Walmart clothing line because of weed Nick Levine 10:35 pm - Oct 11, 2016 0shares 0shares Singer also speaks about becoming the first Disney star to embrace the LGBT community Getty Miley Cyrus has revealed that she lost her Walmart clothing line because of her weed habit. The ‘Wrecking Ball’ singer has made no secret of her fondness for marijuana in recent years, posting several joint-smoking selfies on Instagram and even wearing an onesie with a marijuana leaf pattern on stage. A photo posted by Miley Cyrus (@mileycyrus) on Aug 18, 2015 at 3:35pm PDT “I had a clothing line at Walmart and got kicked out, because they said you had to choose weed or Walmart,” Cyrus told Variety. “And you see what I did – I chose weed.” During the interview, Cyrus also discussed her LGBTQ activism, which includes running a nonprofit organisation, Happy Hippie, which aims to reduce youth homelessness, particularly among LGBTQ teenagers. “My empowerment comes from feeling like I have a purpose now,” she explained. “On my tombstone, I didn’t want the ‘Wrecking Ball’ lyrics. I wanted it to be something greater. I’m the only fucking Disney star who would say I’m pro lesbian and gay, before it was OK to say that.” Asked if she got in trouble with Disney for her LGBT activism, Cyrus replied: “I actually didn’t, because a lot of the dudes that work for Disney are gay, so they were very happy to have someone on their side.” During the interview, Cyrus also spoke at length about identifying as pansexual, and shared her thoughts on the sex abuse allegations aimed at her recent director, Woody Allen. Song Stories Song Stories: Big Narstie On How He Wrote ‘BDL Skank’ Song Stories: Girli On How She Wrote ‘Girl I Met On The Internet’ Slaves, ‘Consume Or Be Consumed’ – NME Song Stories Black Grape, ‘Kelly’s Heroes’ – NME Song Stories NME Merch AC/DC Special Edition Tours That Rocked The World: Highway to Hell World Tour 1979/1980 Men's T-Shirt £19.95 Buy now Bullet For My Valentine Skull Boxed Mug £9.95 Buy now Bob Marley Black Men’s T-Shirt £14.95 Buy now Slayer Classic Logo Men's T-Shirt £14.95 Buy now Latest Reviews ‘Arrival’ – Film Review Alicia Keys – ‘Here’ Review Emeli Sandé – ‘Long Live The Angels’ Review Sleigh Bells – ‘Jessica Rabbit’ Review Sad13 – ‘Slugger’ Review Robbie Williams – ‘Heavy Entertainment Show’ Review Pixie Geldof – ‘I’m Yours’ Review Honeyblood – ‘Babes Never Die’ Review ‘Nocturnal Animals’ – Film Review Soft Hair – ‘Soft Hair’ Review CRX – ‘New Skin’ Review Empire Of The Sun – ‘Two Vines’ Review NME Home| Contact| Advertise| Buy Our Content| Site User Terms| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information ©1996-2016 Time Inc. (UK) Ltd. All rights reserved NME is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Entertainment Network
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 50° F Clear Hi: 58° F Lo: 40° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: #WakeUpGMCT 2016 Presidential Election stretch your dollar Latest Headlines Veterans celebrated with concert at Vets Rock 6:45 pm It was a night at Mohegan Sun for veterans. US Sens. Blumenthal, Murphy to discuss lame-duck session 5:49 pm The state’s two Democratic U.S. senators are planning to talk about the upcoming lame-duck session in Congress. Another anti-Trump protest held in New Haven 8:41 pm Donald Trump Likely to Pick Republican Party Chair Priebus as Chief of Staff 6:21 pm Fatal car fire closes Route 15 northbound in Hartford 6:47 pm Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 50° F Clear Feels Like: 50° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 46% Dewpoint: 30° F Sunrise: 6:38 AM Sunset: 4:33 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 50° F Clear Hi: 58° F Lo: 40° F Mother Gives Birth in Checkout Line at Walmart By ABC News Published: October 11, 2016, 4:45 pm Updated: October 11, 2016, 5:50 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Image: Shutterstock) (ABC News) — An unnamed woman in Payson, Utah, walked into Walmart to buy a few items and walked out with a brand new bundle of joy. She gave birth at register 11, which has now been dubbed “register baby” by store associates, on Sunday shortly before 7 a.m. “When she went to the register she was in distress, on her knees holding her stomach,” the store’s manager, Dustin Haight, told ABC News about the unusual incident. Despite her labor pains, the store manager said he was surprised that she insisted on paying before having the child. “Just before she went into full labor, she insisted on paying for her merchandise,” he said. “But we weren’t really interested in taking her money at the point, but she insisted. It wasn’t like she was like, ‘Ok, let’s get this baby out and I’ll pay,’ she paid and then had the baby. You can’t make that up. It was pretty funny.” “She was very calm. She did very well,” Terry Reilly, assistant chief with Payson Fire Rescue, told FOX affiliate KSTU. “It was her third child so she had experienced childbirth before so I don’t think she was as nervous about it other than it was at Walmart.” The mother and child were taken to Mountain View Hospital in Payson where “They are doing well,” the hospital’s communications director, Nate Black, told ABC News. The Walmart manager said the exciting occurrence has helped boost moral for his employees. “A lot of crazy things happen at Walmart but not a lot of babies being born,” Haight said. “It’s kind of good for my associates and their moral, too. We’re going to do a grand opening this month so it puts a nice little christening on that. We’ve done a lot of remodeling so we have a little ceremony coming up and this is a nice touch.” The Walmart employees have spoken with the mom of three, the store manager said, since the unexpected store delivery. “We have been in touch with the young lady. We’re going to have her back on Friday for some gifts,” Haight said. “We have a whole list of things. We’re going to buy her some baby supplies like diapers and formula, clothes and a birthday cake.” They are now hoping they have a new little customer for life. “Now she’s got a story she can share with us forever,” Haight said of the mom and what he believes is her new baby boy. “We’re pretty excited. Hopefully we’ll be part of his life forever.” Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Stretch Your Dollar on last-minute Halloween decor, costumes Freebie Friday! How to get free shipping Nordstrom defends sale of Ivanka Trump brand Infant bathtub slings recalled due to drowning risk Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners Media General The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
SECTIONS Subscribe Sign In Home News Court Opinions Court Calendars Classifieds Public Notices Events Legal Marketplace Recent News Recent Columns Special Reports Around the Nation Editorial Calendar State Court Calendars Superior Court Calendars Place a Classified Browse Classifieds Browse Law Jobs Place a Public Notice Browse Public Notices Notice Types and Rates Consumer Alerts Foreclosure Publication and Deadline Dates Events Recognition Awards Book Center Verdict Search Smart Litigator CLE ALM Legal Intelligence Georgia Expert Witnesses Elite Trial Lawyers Opportunities Energize GE Executive Counsel for M&A Mary Smith Judd, Daily Report October 3, 2016    | 0 Comments share share on linkedin Facebook share on twitter share on google+ Share With Email Send Thank you for sharing! Your article was successfully shared with the contacts you provided. reprints Early experiences, from Am Law 25 firms to in-house and executive positions at Wal-Mart, led to deep international expertise in corporate law, complance and cross-border M&As. This premium content is reserved for Daily Report subscribers. Continue reading by getting started with a subscription. Subscribe Now for Unlimited Access Already a subscriber? Log in now VIEW COMMENTS ( 0 ) ADD COMMENT What's being said Sign In Terms & Conditions Comments are not moderated. To report offensive comments, click here. Preparing comment abuse report for Article #1202768878558 Send Thank you! This article's comments will be reviewed. Law Firms Mentioned Simpson Thacher Bartlett Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP Sections Mergers and Acquisitions General Counsel and In House Counsel Energy More From Daily Report Online Georgia Bar Exam Scores Continue to Drop All About the Governor's 13 Choices for New Supreme Court Justices Supreme Court of Georgia Issues 3 Discipline Decisions Gov. Deal Names New Court of Appeals Judge More from the ALM Network Previous Next FDA's Expanded Zika-Testing Guidance Will Test Blood Centers The National Law Journal How to Negotiate Technology Contracts Corporate Counsel Dallas Attorney-Brewer Overturns Texas Beer Law Texas Lawyer Behind Apple Suit, a Curious Appearance by Jane Doe The Recorder Publicly Traded British Law Firm Sees Gross Revenue Growth Legal Week Justice Ginsburg Stays Out of Trouble in Talk With Students The National Law Journal Media GCs Aren't Afraid of Trump Corporate Counsel Ex-Berkeley Law Dean's Letter Says Sex Harassment Inquiry Improper The Recorder Wal-Mart Manager Sues Employer Alleging Religious Bias The Legal Intelligencer Diversity and Discrimination Issues Top the Agenda for ABA Leadership Kim Kardashian vs. Taylor Swift: The Legal Implications of the Snapchat Recording Williams & Connolly Argues to Block Clinton from Questioning The National Law Journal Georgia's Same-Sex Adoption Is Valid in Alabama, US Supreme Court Says Daily Report The Quotable Thomas Perez: Secretary of Labor and Possible VP Pick Corporate Counsel How Women Can Be Assertive (and Lovable) Why We Kicked Dentons Off the NLJ 500 and Am Law 200 Lists The National Law Journal Brexit Fallout Begins for the Legal Industry Texas and Volkswagen Shake Hands on $50M Partial Settlement Texas Lawyer Updated: Supreme Court Strikes Down Abortion Restrictions in Texas In-House Lawyers Slam Order Requiring Yelp to Take Down Reviews Corporate Counsel About The Daily Report Contact Us Advertise With Us Public Notices Sitemap Connect With Us Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ RSS   ALM Publications Law.com The American Lawyer The Asian Lawyer International Litigation Daily Corporate Counsel Legaltech News The National Law Journal Legal Times The Supreme Court Brief Commercial Litigation Insider Connecticut Law Tribune Daily Business Review (FL) Delaware Law Weekly Delaware Business Court Insider Daily Report (GA) The Legal Intelligencer (PA) New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal The Recorder (CA) Texas Lawyer About ALM Product Solutions Events & Conferences CLE Law Catalog Reprints Lawjobs.com Mobile App Customer Support ALM User License Agreement Privacy Policy [New] Copyright 2016. ALM Media Properties, LLC. All rights reserved.
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 entertainment You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Miley Cyrus on ‘The Voice,’ Donald Trump and Coming Out Variety 10/11/2016 Ramin Setoodeh Click to expand Replay Video 'SNL' strikes somber tone for opening Kate McKinnon as Hillary Clinton opened "Saturday Night Live" playing the piano and singing Leonard Cohen's "Hallelujah." CNN Tour the new Rolling Stones' exhibit Fans of The Rolling Stones can get some satisfaction this winter as their new album drops December 2 and the immersive exhibit opens November 12 in New York City USA TODAY 5 Times Chip Gaines Was Adorable 5 Times Chip Gaines Was Adorable4000Country Living Country Living Play Pause Seek i Volume Volume Volume Mute Unmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LO Full Screen Exit Full Screen Play Pause Volume Volume Miley Cyrus Spreads Her Message as a Pansexual Splash News See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next 'SNL' strikes somber tone for opening CNN 1:27 Tour the new Rolling Stones' exhibit USA TODAY 2:16 5 Times Chip Gaines Was Adorable Country Living 0:36 007 Ski Run Will Let Fans Channel Their Inner James Bond Buzz60 1:09 You could own a handwritten 'Harry Potter' book Buzz60 1:04 Watch 'Big Brother' cast react to election outcome CNN 0:53 'Hallelujah' songwriter dies at 82 CNN 0:56 Late night hosts reflect on election results ETonline 2:47 The ‘Friends’ Cast Then & Now Redbook 0:54 The Top 5 Highest-Paid Women in Music ELLE 0:49 The Simpsons Predicted Donald Trump's Presidential Win 16 Years Ago Inside Edition 0:34 Clinton takes on mannequin challenge with guest star CNN 0:58 Watch celebs take on new Internet challenge CNN 0:49 New photos from Disney's live-action "Beauty and the Beast" E! Online 0:41 New 'Wonder Woman' trailer released. Reuters 2:22 Beauty blogger Nura Afia is CoverGirl's new brand ambassador USA TODAY 0:38 UP NEXT On the latest season of NBC’s “The Voice,” Miley Cyrus has reinvented herself from a twerking pop star to a mama-hen mentor. “I cry all the time,” Cyrus says about having to axe members of her team during the show’s elimination rounds. Behind the scenes, she dispenses copies of the self-help book “The Untethered Soul” to her contestants, trying to calm them down before live performances. On camera, she showcases an eclectic style — like an outfit covered in paper flowers — meant to counteract any last-minute jitters. “I think it makes the contestants feel safer,” says Cyrus of her colorful wardrobe. “When I turn around, people laugh and feel lighthearted. I think they get to see that side of me.” For many years, Cyrus had a different public persona. “People saw me as being wild, and literally all I do is I’m obsessed with yoga, I love hiking, and I’m reading constantly. My life is so positive. From the outside, people think I’m partying with rappers. That was back in my prime.” © Provided by Variety It’s hard to keep a straight face when Cyrus uses that line — she’s only 23. Then again, she’s been on television since grade school. At 11, Cyrus was cast as the squeaky-clean face of Disney Channel’s “Hannah Montana,” which made her the Hayley Mills of her generation. The role brought intense tabloid scrutiny, particularly as she tried to grow up. “I had a clothing line at Walmart and got kicked out, because they said you had to choose weed or Walmart,” Cyrus says. “And you see what I did — I chose weed.” In 2013, the Miley media circus reached a tipping point at the VMAs, where she gyrated alongside a row of teddy bears. She insists that the moment was misunderstood. “That was a joke,” she says. Cyrus has taken a U-turn since then. Her new career path revolves around her foundation: Happy Hippie, dedicated to supporting at-risk LGBTQ and homeless youth. “I am only doing ‘The Voice’ because that helps Happy Hippie,” Cyrus says about engaging the show’s audience to promote her cause. Cyrus has headlined such films as “The Last Song” and “Bolt,” but she’s ambivalent about making movies now. “I know that acting is boring,” she says. “People get paid way too much for what they are doing.” She almost turned down the Woody Allen TV series “Crisis in Six Scenes” but was eventually won over by the role — playing a 1960s activist. Over a vegan lunch in Los Angeles, Cyrus talked about what drives her, recalled how she struggled with her pansexual identity as a teenager (she’s currently dating Liam Hemsworth), and shared her thoughts on the election. You just filled in as host of Ellen DeGeneres’ talk show. I had to introduce Sarah Jessica Parker, and she asked me if I had any friends that are voting for Donald Trump. I was like, “Do you think I have friends that would vote for Donald Trump. Come on! Who do you think I’m hanging out with?” Click to expand Replay Video 'SNL' strikes somber tone for opening Kate McKinnon as Hillary Clinton opened "Saturday Night Live" playing the piano and singing Leonard Cohen's "Hallelujah." CNN Tour the new Rolling Stones' exhibit Fans of The Rolling Stones can get some satisfaction this winter as their new album drops December 2 and the immersive exhibit opens November 12 in New York City USA TODAY 5 Times Chip Gaines Was Adorable 5 Times Chip Gaines Was Adorable4000Country Living Country Living Play Pause Seek i Volume Volume Volume Mute Unmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LO Full Screen Exit Full Screen Play Pause Volume Volume Miley Cyrus Nails Hosting Gig on "Ellen" E! Online See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next 'SNL' strikes somber tone for opening CNN 1:27 Tour the new Rolling Stones' exhibit USA TODAY 2:16 5 Times Chip Gaines Was Adorable Country Living 0:36 007 Ski Run Will Let Fans Channel Their Inner James Bond Buzz60 1:09 You could own a handwritten 'Harry Potter' book Buzz60 1:04 Watch 'Big Brother' cast react to election outcome CNN 0:53 'Hallelujah' songwriter dies at 82 CNN 0:56 Late night hosts reflect on election results ETonline 2:47 The ‘Friends’ Cast Then & Now Redbook 0:54 The Top 5 Highest-Paid Women in Music ELLE 0:49 The Simpsons Predicted Donald Trump's Presidential Win 16 Years Ago Inside Edition 0:34 Clinton takes on mannequin challenge with guest star CNN 0:58 Watch celebs take on new Internet challenge CNN 0:49 New photos from Disney's live-action "Beauty and the Beast" E! Online 0:41 New 'Wonder Woman' trailer released. Reuters 2:22 Beauty blogger Nura Afia is CoverGirl's new brand ambassador USA TODAY 0:38 UP NEXT The country is very polarized. This is not a dig. But I do think there’s something that goes with the Kardashians and Trump. The Kardashians are better than Trump, because they are not trying to run the country. They are just trying to be famous, and that’s fine. We are obsessed with celebrity. When Trump started this, I was laughing. I thought it’s not going to go anywhere; there’s no way he’ll be the candidate. Were you always a Hillary Clinton supporter? I was a really big Bernie supporter. What do you say to Bernie supporters who still won’t vote for Hillary? That’s ----ing crazy and you’re out of your mind. It’s literally pi**ing me off more than anything. If you could ever consider Donald Trump, you never understood Bernie in the first place. Where did your sense of activism come from? I think I just felt so stupid. I felt like what I was doing didn’t have value, because being a pop star was really silly when people are homeless and hungry. In 2013, when I did the VMAs, it became the biggest story in the world. I never expected that to happen. I just did my own thing. I went out there dressed as a teddy bear, danced with teddy bears, never thought about the world thinking that was going to be a bad thing. Did the experience make you feel bad about yourself? It was making me feel like I was living a dumb life — like I should just pick another job. I didn’t understand my power at that point. People listen because of who I am, so instead of being embarrassed, I should say: “---k yeah, I got the microphone.” How did you become involved with the LGBTQ community? My whole life, I didn’t understand my own gender and my own sexuality. I always hated the word “bisexual,” because that’s even putting me in a box. I don’t ever think about someone being a boy or someone being a girl. Also, my n*pple pasties and ---t never felt sexualized to me. My eyes started opening in the fifth or sixth grade. My first relationship in my life was with a chick. I grew up in a very religious Southern family. The universe has always given me the power to know I’ll be OK. Even at that time, when my parents didn’t understand, I just felt that one day they are going to understand. Did you talk to them about how you felt? Yeah. My mom is like an ’80s rock chick — big blonde hair, big boobs. She loves being a girl. I never felt that way. I know some girls that love getting their nails done. I -----ng hated it. My nails look like s---. I don’t wax my eyebrows. I never related to loving being a girl. And then, being a boy didn’t sound fun to me. I think the LGBTQ alphabet could continue forever. But there’s a “P” that should happen, for “pansexual.” When did you first identity as pansexual? I think when I figured out what it was. I went to the LGBTQ center here in L.A., and I started hearing these stories. I saw one human in particular who didn’t identify as male or female. Looking at them, they were both: beautiful and sexy and tough but vulnerable and feminine but masculine. And I related to that person more than I related to anyone in my life. Even though I may seem very different, people may not see me as neutral as I feel. But I feel very neutral. I think that was the first gender-neutral person I’d ever met. Once I understood my gender more, which was unassigned, then I understood my sexuality more. I was like, “Oh — that’s why I don’t feel straight and I don’t feel gay. It’s because I’m not.” Why do you think inequality still exists for women in Hollywood? A lot of it could be changed if we had a female president. That would give us a subconscious boost. I think people will have to realize they’re looking really dated. For example, there’s a show called “Supergirl.” I think having a show with a gender attached to it is weird. One, it’s a woman on that ----ing billboard — it’s not a little girl. Two, what if you’re a little boy who wants to be a girl so bad that this makes you feel bad? I think having a title like “Supergirl” doesn’t give the power that people think it does. Where does your power come from? My empowerment comes from feeling like I have a purpose now. On my tombstone, I didn’t want the “Wrecking Ball” lyrics. I wanted it to be something greater. I’m the only ----ing Disney star who would say I’m pro lesbian and gay, before it was OK to say that. Did you get in trouble? I actually didn’t, because a lot of the dudes that work for Disney are gay, so they were very happy to have someone on their side. You’re a mentor on “The Voice.” Do you think you’ll do more seasons? I don’t know. I definitely would like to if it made sense. I haven’t done the live shows yet. I want to see how that feels. They might be a lot more pressure. Do you not like live TV? I don’t mind the live TV as much as I do that America gets to vote when it comes to “The Voice,” and America did vote for Donald Trump to be the candidate. I actually told my team they can be the Bernie Sanders of “The Voice.” How often do you cry on the show? When I have to kick them off. It’s a nightmare. For a non-confrontational person, it’s the worst gig ever. How did you get cast in the Woody Allen TV series? Were you a fan of his work? I am. I had moved, and the only thing that I brought into my new house was a picture of Woody Allen. My first night I slept in my new house, [my manager] called and said, “Woody wants you to fly to New York.” I loved working with Woody. You do like two takes. He just wants to go home and have dinner with his wife. One night it was 5:30, and the camera operator wanted to do another take. He goes, “I can’t dedicate my entire life to making movies.” Many people are now having a conversation about whether it’s possible to separate the art from the artist. Were you aware of the sexual-abuse allegations made by Dylan Farrow against her dad, and if so, did that give you pause? I live a similar life to Woody — I live a public life. Until I know someone and I know their story, I never really judge anyone. That’s kind of how I went into it. From the way I saw him with his family, I never saw him be anything but an incredible person and a really great dad. People might slam me for saying that. I’m sure it was a hard time for that family. My family has been through hard things, and I think everyone’s suffering is different.  What do your parents think about your work now? On “The Voice,” this young girl started crying when she left, because I’m the reason she came out. My mom started crying. She was like, “I’m so sorry about the way I was when you were that age and coming out.” She never understood me until she saw that girl who couldn’t be herself. It was very cool.  The latest pics from 'The Voice':  Latest photos from 'The Voice' Go to MSN Home More in Music Leonard Cohen dies at 82 Billboard Leonard Cohen: Career in pictures ICYMI: The Week in Music 8 Things You Didn't Know About Sia Metrolyrics New and upcoming album releases Boone sings 'the witch is dead' after Trump win Associated Press AdChoices Up Next Musicians who served AdChoices More from Variety ‘Walking Dead’ Recap: Negan Offers ‘Service’ With an Evil Smile (SPOILERS) Variety ‘The Walking Dead’: Danai Gurira on Michonne’s Surprising Decision (SPOILERS) Variety Ava DuVernay on Trump and Mass Incarceration: ‘He Feels It’s a Business’ Variety ‘Westworld’ Recap: We’re All Mad Here Variety Variety View the full site AdChoices Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter MSN Music
GoSearch 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 53° Low 43° High 67° Fayetteville 43° Low 43° High 63° Bentonville 48° Low 44° High 63° See complete forecast Last Weekend Of Give Where You Live Community Food Drive — Donate Now Mother Gives Birth In Walmart Checkout Line – After Paying For Merchandise Posted 3:05 pm, October 11, 2016, by Tribune Media Wire Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video PAYSON, Utah - A mother unexpectedly gave birth in Walmart while shopping with her family Sunday morning. “In about 15 minutes we went from having a little bit of stomach problem to delivering a baby,” store manager Dustin Haight told Fox13. Employees at Walmart say register 11 will never be the same. “I think we’ve renamed it register baby - so whenever we call for help on register 11 it will be now register baby,” Haight said. Employees say a woman was shopping with her husband and family on Sunday morning, when she told a manager she wasn't feeling well.  She went to register 11 to pay for her items while that manager called 911 and told the woman not to worry about paying. They could tell she was in labor. “The funny thing is that the customer was down on her knees and she insisted on paying for her merchandise and we’re like you know that’s just not important. You know, we were going to take care of her on it,” Haight said. “…Literally right after she paid for her merchandise, they rolled her over and she began to give birth,” Haight said. Walmart employees and customers helped. They grabbed towels and blankets. Some also held up sheets as the woman delivered a baby boy. “By the time the EMTs got here she had paid for her merchandise and had a baby,” Haight said. One of the responding EMTs said he’s never seen anything like it. After 20 years of working in the field, Terry Reilly, assistant chief with Payson Fire Rescue, said he’s never seen a baby born in such a public place. “She was very calm she did very well -- it was her third child so she had experienced childbirth before so I don’t think she was as nervous about it other than it was at Walmart,” Reilly said. He added everyone at the store did a good job. Mom and baby were taken to the hospital in good condition. “We’re happy for mom and for baby and the whole family… I’m sure they’ll have quite the story to tell someday,” Reilly said. Walmart has been in contact with the mother and they say they’re happy to report mom and baby are doing well. “So we’re gonna buy her a whole bunch of goods like diapers and formula, that type stuff when the mother comes in so, and this time we won’t make her pay,” Haight said. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email High Five See the positive news of the day! Popular 2016-17 Arkansas Basketball Schedule Mom ‘Heartbroken’ Over Election Bumps Into Hillary Clinton During Hike CNN: Hillary Clinton Concedes Presidency To Donald Trump Arkansas Voters Pass Issue 6 To Legalize Medical Marijuana Abducted 6-Year-Old Girl Found Alive, Chained To A Tree Latest News 2016-17 Arkansas Basketball Schedule Northwest Arkansas Veterans Day Parade Life.Church Coming to Fort Smith Aleppo Residents Get Warning By Text Message: You Have 24 Hours To Leave Monday: Biggest Supermoon Since 1948 News Heartbreaking Surveillance Video Shows Child Left Overnight In The Cold News Woman Finds Snake In Shopping Cart At Van Buren Walmart News Baby Born Mid-Flight Gets One Million Airline Miles News Todd Kohlhepp Case: Bond Denied For Man Who Chained Woman, Unveiled As Alleged Mass Murderer News How One Mom’s Shopping Cart Invention Is Helping Special Needs Kids, Seniors News Mom Of Suspected S.C. Serial Killer: ‘This Is Why People Tell Kids Not To Bully’ News Social Media Star Found Dead In Virginia Home News Man Fatally Shot After Not Holding Door For Woman At McDonald’s News 11-Year-Old Ohio Girl Who Survived Brain Cancer Kills Herself Over Relentless Bullying News Police Officer Comforts 1-Month-Old Baby Girl After Her Parents Overdose News South Carolina Elementary School Shooting: 2 Children, 1 Teacher Wounded News Terrifying Video Shows Stranger Picking Up Woman’s Baby As Her Back Is Turned News How Two $1.69 Bottles Of Orange Juice Cost Dollar General $277K Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2016, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Outdoors Life Opinion Entertainment Business Watchdog Photo-Video Archives Insider USA TODAY More Home News Sports Outdoors Life Opinion Entertainment Business Watchdog Photo-Video Archives Insider USA TODAY Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 2753 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Police: Permit carrier stops assault Philip Keys, 30, is being held in Stearns County Jail facing assault charges Post to Facebook Police: Permit carrier stops assault Philip Keys, 30, is being held in Stearns County Jail facing assault charges  Check out this story on sctimes.com: http://www.sctimes.com/story/news/local/2016/10/11/police-permit-carrier-stops-assault/91908996/ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 17 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Police: Permit carrier stops assault TIMES STAFF REPORT 6:12 a.m. CDT October 12, 2016 Philip Keys (Photo: Stearns County Jail) A 22-year-old man with a permit to carry stopped a possible assault in a Wal-Mart parking lot on Wednesday, according to the St. Cloud Police Department. Officers were dispatched to an assault at 11:59 p.m. on Wednesday at the Wal-Mart on Second Street South in St. Cloud, according to police. Officers were told a 22-year-old man and 22-year-old woman were walking to their car in the parking lot when they were approached by a man who would later be identified as Philip Keys, 30, of St. Cloud. Keys was dragging a baseball bat and asked them if they had ever been hit on the head by one. At that point the two victims began to walk away, but the report indicates Keys approached them and held the bat as though he was going to attack.  The male victim holds a permit to carry and was carrying at the time, police said. The male victim pointed the handgun at the suspect and told him to drop the bat. Keys dropped the bat and laid down on the ground before getting up and walking away. No shots were fired and neither of the victims were injured, police said. Officers arriving later to the scene located Keys and took him into custody. Keys is currently being held in the Stearns County Jail and could be charged with second-degree assault. Read or Share this story: http://www.sctimes.com/story/news/local/2016/10/11/police-permit-carrier-stops-assault/91908996/ TOP VIDEOS Cloud-A-Scope Tattoo and Art Convention 1:10 Lincoln state rededication 1:40 Automation is big at UMC 0:42 Automation is big at UMC - DONT USE 0:42 Sparking a passion for robotics 0:41 Clay pot and coin making 3:14 Heave ho! New Flyer bus pull 1:23 How to speak beer, episode two. What does \u0022hoppy\u0022 mean? 1:44 Kids and Parents Expo 0:47 Somali hip-hop collective works with St. Cloud kids 2:11 More Stories Excitement builds about Morrison County trail extension Nov. 13, 2016, 4:29 p.m. Death notices Nov. 13, 2016, 4:07 p.m. Perske's hard work pays off in Stearns race Nov. 13, 2016, 4:04 p.m.
About Us   Log in or Register!   Top News U.S. News World News Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News The Almanac Business Security Industry Energy Industry Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Opinion Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive Home / Odd News Woman gives birth while checking out at Utah Walmart By Ben Hooper   |   Oct. 11, 2016 at 3:25 PM Follow @oddnewsupi Comments PAYSON, Utah, Oct. 11 (UPI) -- Employees at a Utah Walmart said a woman who went into labor at checkout insisted on paying for her items before having her baby inside the store. Workers at the Payson Walmart said the woman was in line with her husband at register 11 Sunday morning when she started experiencing stomach pain and asked a manager to call 911. "The funny thing is that the customer was down on her knees and she insisted on paying for her merchandise and we're like, 'You know that's just not important.' You know, we were going to take care of her on it," store manager Dustin Haight told KSTU-TV. "Literally right after she paid for her merchandise, they rolled her over and she began to give birth," Haight said. Walmart employees and customers helped the woman with the delivery, which was completed before EMTs arrived on the scene. "By the time the EMTs got here she had paid for her merchandise and had a baby," Haight said. "In about 15 minutes we went from having a little bit of stomach problem to delivering a baby." The manager said the experience is one employees will never forget. "I think we've renamed it register baby -- so whenever we call for help on register 11 it will be now register baby," Haight said. He said the store is eager to help the family. "So we're gonna buy her a whole bunch of goods like diapers and formula, that type stuff when the mother comes in so, and this time we won't make her pay," Haight said Like Us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories Utah dad crowdfunds $39.95 to pay hospital's extra 'skin to skin' charge after birth Mother fulfills 4-year-old's birthday cake request: a cow giving birth Woman gives birth on flight from Dubai to the Philippines Comments Latest Headlines U.K. Christmas tree left half-decorated after tinsel deemed 'too heavy' 2 days ago LEICESTER, England, Nov. 11 (UPI) -- Residents of the English city of Leicester have criticized a city center Christmas tree that has been left unfinished as "heavy tinsel" caused stress on the branches. Deer crashes through window of Oklahoma American Eagle store 2 days ago STILLWATER, Okla., Nov. 11 (UPI) -- A deer crashed through the window of an American Eagle Outfitters store in Oklahoma on Thursday night. U.K. sinkhole forces about a dozen homes to evacuate 2 days ago RIPON, England, Nov. 11 (UPI) -- A sinkhole in England forced about a dozen residents to evacuate from a town in North Yorkshire. Florida man stole gumball machine from Winter Haven restaurant 2 days ago WINTER HAVEN, Fla., Nov. 11 (UPI) -- Police are seeking information about a Florida man who was seen on video stealing a gumball machine from a local restaurant. 18th century statue destroyed by selfie-taking tourist 2 days ago LISBON, Portugal, Nov. 11 (UPI) -- A priceless 300-year-old statue in Lisbon's National Museum of Ancient Art shattered after it was knocked over by a tourist trying to snap a selfie. Deadly green mamba snake discovered on boat in Scotland 2 days ago ABERDEEN, Scotland, Nov. 11 (UPI) -- A deadly green mamba snake was discovered on a ship that docked in Scotland from West Africa. Angry goat attacks elderly Australian man in backyard 2 days ago QUEENSLAND, Australia, Nov. 11 (UPI) -- An Australian man was found struggling with an angry goat after the animal attacked him in his backyard. eBay removes Swedish man's offer of marriage for Americans fleeing Trump 2 days ago STOCKHOLM, Sweden, Nov. 11 (UPI) -- A Swedish man posted an eBay listing offering to marry Americans seeking to move out of the country after Donald Trump was elected president. Bald eagle rescued from Orlando storm drain 2 days ago ORLANDO, Fla., Nov. 11 (UPI) -- Crews worked to free a bald eagle from a storm drain in Orlando Thursday night after a fight with another eagle sent both birds falling into the drain. Ohio mom closes living room until Thanksgiving 2 days ago DAYTON, Ohio, Nov. 11 (UPI) -- A 17-year-old from Ohio tweeted a picture of a sign his mother posted warning family members to stay out of her clean living room until Thanksgiving. Trending Stories 18th century statue destroyed by selfie-taking tourist Carrot unearths man's long-lost wedding ring Snake bite swells dog's head to three times its normal size UPI More Collections Popular American brands in China Rio Olympics: Best of Beach Volleyball 2016 NY Comic Con Rio Olympics: Hugs and kisses 2015 Most revealing red carpet looks Go Topless Pride Parade [NSFW] Celebrating the bikini at 70 Notable Deaths of 2016 Celebrities turning 50 in 2016 Top 10 U.S. prison escapes ABOUT UPI United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. A Spanish version of the site reaches millions of readers in Latin America and beyond. UPI was founded in 1907 by E.W. Scripps as the United Press (UP). It became known as UPI after a merger with the International News Service in 1958, which was founded in 1909 by William Randolph Hearst. Today, UPI is owned by News World Communications. It is based in Washington, D.C., and Boca Raton, Fla. EXPLORE UPI.com UPI is your trusted source for ... Top News Entertainment News Odd News Business News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy Resources Security Industry Archives Follow UPI Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest Linkedin RSS Newsletter Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2016 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. UPI.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events. We thank you for visiting us and we hope that we will be your daily stop for news updates.
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Amazon to Expand Grocery Business With New Convenience Stores The Wall Street Journal. 10/11/2016 Greg Bensinger and Laura Stevens Click to expand Replay Video This retailer is closing nearly all of its stores: report Kenneth Cole will reportedly close most of its stores in the next six months. Veuer Why President Trump might be bad for gun sales The second amendment is safe under President-elect Donald Trump -- so why are gun stocks suffering? CNN Money Zuckerberg says it's 'crazy' to blame Facebook for election results The tech industry leader said those who believe the hype show a "profound lack of empathy." Newsy PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Amazon to Open Grocery Stores, Curbside Service The Wall Street Journal. See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next This retailer is closing nearly all of its stores: report Veuer0:49 Why President Trump might be bad for gun sales CNN Money1:11 Zuckerberg says it's 'crazy' to blame Facebook for election results Newsy1:16 Trump's infrastructure investment plan evokes Ayn Rand The Wall Street Journal.3:38 Newsweek prematurely ships out Madam President magazine cover Inside Edition0:37 The net worth of American presidents 24/7 Wall St.0:54 Buffett after Trump win: '100%' optimistic about America CNN Money20:55 New Balance sparks social media backlash The Wall Street Journal.1:38 5 ways to win Black Friday Credit.com1:22 Alibaba Singles Day sales break $5 billion in an hour Reuters0:59 Trump win signal a Keystone Pipeline comeback? Fox Business3:28 Moment of silence at NYSE Reuters0:40 Transitioning veterans to the workforce Bloomberg2:37 Apple introduces a support app In the App Store Wochit Tech0:36 How Trump's trade policies may impact the global economy Bloomberg2:48 No, a global recession isn't imminent Forbes2:10 UP NEXT Amazon.com Inc. is pushing deeper into the grocery business with plans to introduce convenience stores as well as curbside pickup locations, say people familiar with the matter. The Seattle company aims to build small brick-and-mortar stores that would sell produce, milk, meats and other perishable items that customers can take home, these people say. Primarily using their mobile phones or, possibly, touch screens around the store, customers could also order peanut butter, cereal and other goods with longer shelf lives for same-day delivery. Quotes in the article Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▼ 739.01 -3.37 -0.45% Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 71.23 -0.16 -0.22% Morgan Stanley MS ▲ 38.49 +0.47 +1.24% For customers seeking a quicker checkout, Amazon will soon begin rolling out designated drive-in locations where online grocery orders will be brought to the car, the people said. The company is developing license-plate reading technology to speed wait times. An Amazon spokeswoman declined to comment. The grocery stores, known internally as Project Como, are for now slated exclusively for customers of its Fresh subscription service, which promises same-day food delivery at set times, the people said. Last week, Amazon dropped its $299 annual price for Fresh and instituted a $15 monthly fee, available to members of its $99 Prime delivery service. The new stores are designed to capture the large share of people who prefer to pick out their produce or bring home their groceries on the way from work. Amazon aims to compete more directly with grocery discounters, as well as Wal-Mart Stores Inc., which has recently been expanding its own pickup sites. Groceries account for about a fifth of consumer spending, but online grocery purchases make up only about 2% of U.S. grocery sales, according to Morgan Stanley Research. They estimate the online grocery market could more than double to over $42 billion this year. Grocery sales may be crucial to the company’s growth because Americans restock their refrigerators each week, and that could provide opportunities to sell more profitable items alongside orange juice. U.S. households average more than one-and-a-half grocery store visits a week, racking up $107 in goods, according to the Food Marketing Institute. That is roughly $5,500 a year, more than double the $2,500 Amazon Prime members spend annually with the web retailer and 10 times what nonmembers spend, according to Morgan Stanley estimates. Groceries would represent the latest effort by Amazon to upend a new market to become a central hub for shoppers and businesses. Amazon has taken an early lead in cloud computing, and has branched out into making its own clothing labels, snack foods, consumer electronics, videogames and movies. Amazon has cautiously rolled out its Fresh service after testing it in its hometown for nearly six years, extending it to seven U.S. cities and London since 2013. The handling of perishable items, such as ice cream in the summer heat, is tricky, and the business is costly, requiring expensive refrigerated storage that thins profit margins. Brick-and-mortar stores are a newer addition to Amazon’s arsenal after two decades of centering its business around the dot-com operation. Last year, Amazon opened its first bookstore in Seattle, and plans a handful more across the U.S. It is considering other brick-and-mortar store concepts, including a showcase for its consumer devices, said two of the people. For its planned convenience stores, Amazon is drawing influence from discounters like Aldi and Lidl, as well as dollar stores, which are expanding in the U.S. with spartan stores, private-label inventory and few employees, according to the people familiar with the matter. Such stores may take a year or more to open while Amazon scouts locations, and may be shelved because of financial or operational concerns, the people said. With curbside pickup, Amazon will have to contend with Wal-Mart, which plans to bring the service to nearly a quarter of its roughly 4,600 U.S. stores by the end of next year, executives said on a conference call last week . “We’re going to be really focused on winning in fresh and consumables over the next couple years,” said Marc Lore, head of Wal-Mart’s e-commerce. Wal-Mart recently paid $3.3 billion for Jet.com, the e-commerce company Mr. Lore founded in 2014. Amazon may be just weeks from opening its first drive-in grocery location in Seattle, one of the people said. Documents uncovered by tech site GeekWire indicate the company is behind a storefront being built there, which would allow customers to schedule 15-minute to two-hour windows to arrive for pickup. Beyond Wal-Mart, Amazon faces a broad swath of competitors in grocery delivery, from national supermarket chain Safeway Inc. to regional companies like FreshDirect LLC and fast-growing startups such as Instacart Inc. Amazon is being careful to avoid following the fate of Webvan Group Inc., the online grocery company that during the dot-com boom burned through more than $800 million in less than three years as it went public, filed for bankruptcy and then shut. Several former Webvan executives work at Amazon. Grocery delivery is even more complex than delivering the average package. Grocers must keep food cold, manage large orders and schedule them within tight delivery windows, said Ivan Hofmann, a transportation industry consultant and former FedEx executive. Drivers may end up driving around in circles, killing any profit. “There’s just so much variability in the grocery delivery model, that it’s always going to be a more costly delivery, and it doesn’t lend itself as easily to economies of scale as packages do,” he said. Go to MSN Home More in Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY The world's most valuable stamps Lovemoney 6 Social Security changes coming in 2017 U.S. News & World Report - Money Up Next 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from The Wall Street Journal Harlem se perfila como el próximo enclave del mundo del arte The Wall Street Journal. RNC Chair Priebus Is Named Trump's Chief of Staff The Wall Street Journal. The Wall Street Journal. View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter

obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu PROJECT COMO Amazon is planning a line of tiny grocery stores Written by Alison Griswold October 11, 2016 At your service. (Reuters/Brendan McDermid) Share Written by Alison Griswold October 11, 2016 Grocery delivery is the holy grail of online shopping. Everyone is chasing it—startups like Instacart, traditional retailers like Walmart, and of course e-commerce giant Amazon—but so far no winner has emerged. Amazon has worked on its grocery delivery service, Amazon Fresh, since 2007. Fresh is a competitor to services like Peapod and FreshDirect, which allow customers to place their orders online and have them dropped off at home. Until recently, Amazon Fresh cost $299 a year, but last week it was rebranded as a $15-a-month add-on to Amazon Prime. Turns out that was only the beginning of the changes in store for Amazon Fresh. Today the Wall Street Journal reports that Amazon is planning a line of tiny grocery shops for Fresh customers, internally dubbed “Project Como.” From the Journal: The Seattle company aims to build small brick-and-mortar stores that would sell produce, milk, meats and other perishable items that customers can take home, these people say. Primarily using their mobile phones or, possibly, touch screens around the store, customers could also order peanut butter, cereal and other goods with longer shelf lives for same-day delivery. A spokeswoman for Amazon said in an email that the company doesn’t comment “on rumors or speculation.” According to the Journal, Amazon will also build designated drive-in pick-up spots for consumers who want to place grocery orders online and have them brought to the car, a move rumored earlier this summer. The online retailer would be following in the footsteps of Walmart, which offers free, same-day curbside grocery pick-up at around 400 locations in the US. The system takes advantage of Walmart’s extensive network of nearly 4,000 US stores, which are already equipped with freezers, fridges, and other things needed to store and distribute fresh food. “Walmart has built probably the world’s best fresh supply chain,” Ravi Jariwala, a company spokesman, told Quartz in August. Online retailers believe that grocery sales are important because everyone needs to buy food. In 2015, the average US consumer went to the grocery store 1.5 times a week. That might not be frequent enough to sustain an entire business (see: Instacart), but it can be a powerful driver of sales for more general businesses. Before Jet.com was purchased for $3.3 billion in August by Walmart, the e-commerce startup said customers who bought groceries were doing so 2.4 times per month, compared to the average customer who made only 1.5 purchases a month. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Skip Navigation. Jump to Side Bar. Feeds Mobile INSIDE WBNG JOBS Programming BNG Bargains Twitter Facebook Hover to explore, click to navigate WBNG E-News - Sign Up For Our Newsletter! Search Advanced Search » News Weather Sports Features Lifestyle Experts Submit a Story Contests Obits Closings Advertiser Services Video Local/Regional Top News CBS News Political Entertainment Election Results News Links YouNews Photo Galleries Around the Tiers Top Stories in Local Rotary Foundation celebrates 100 years 16th Annual Turkey Drive underway in Vestal Hundreds come out for 26th Annual YMCA Thanksgiving Dinner Broome County Council of Churches celebrates 75 years Authorities: Faulty chimney cause of Kirkwood fire that killed 1 War veteran drops the puck at B-Sens game Local veterans recognized with trip to Washington D.C. Community fills Court Street to support local nonprofit 'Returning Warrior' race raises veteran awareness Back Forward News » Local Email this article Print this article Tweet People "arrested" in Johnson City for good cause By WBNG News People "arrested" in Johnson City for good cause October 11, 2016 Updated Oct 11, 2016 at 11:34 AM EST JOHNSON CITY (WBNG) -- The Johnson City WalMart held a creative fundraiser Tuesday morning to support the Children's Miracle Network. The WalMart teamed up with the Johnson City Police Department -- to stage a *mock* arrest inside the store. WBNG E-News - Sign Up For Our Newsletter! Through donations, Walmart employees have been casting their vote for which of their Managers they would like to see "arrested" -- for fun. Since last week, more than three-thousand dollars has been raised. The money will directly impact local families supported by the Children's Miracle Network. "We're enthusiastic about helping them raise money for the Children's Miracle Network, and any chance we can get to help give back to the community, we're looking for opportunities to do that," said Johnson City Police Chief Brent Dodge. If customers would like to donate to the Children's Miracle Network, you can stop by the Johnson City Walmart through October 16th and make a donation at the checkout. Next Article Rotary Foundation celebrates 100 years To submit a comment on this article, your email address is required. We respect your privacy and your email will not be visible to others nor will it be added to any email lists. Most Viewed Authorities: Faulty chimney cause of Kirkwood fire that killed 1 Broome County Humane Society caring for 60 new dogs Second Saturday slowly reviving once-popular street Police: Endicott man found with 145 bags of heroin Local veterans recognized with trip to Washington D.C. Family, community mourn loss of 9-year-old student Community fills Court Street to support local nonprofit Sheriff: Alert deputies make drug bust War veteran drops the puck at B-Sens game Head coaches meet for final time in 58th Cortaca Jug game This content requires the latest Adobe Flash Player and a browser with JavaScript enabled. Click here for a free download of the latest Adobe Flash Player. Miller Auto Team Great selection of NEW and CERTIFIED PRE-OWNED Honda vehicles Search Advanced Search » © 2016, WBNG. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy FCC-EEO Terms Public Inspection File Questions About The Public File Powered by Field59. News Local/Regional Top News CBS News Political Entertainment Election Results News Links YouNews Photo Galleries Around the Tiers Weather Watches and Warnings Weather Cams YouNews Weather Sports High School Top Plays Spotlight Academic All-Stars College B-Mets B-Sens Preseason Playbook Submit Sports Scores Dick's Sporting Goods Open Features Friday Financial Home Gardener Get Fit Dining with WBNG Community Calendar Choose 607 Lifestyle Pet of the Week Mr Food Local Experts Golf Card Children's Miracle Network Stand Up To Cancer Experts Docs on Call Local Experts Lawyers on Call Submit a Story Contests Obits Closings Advertiser Services Video Livestream YouNews CBS Online News Video CBS CBS Online Video Dr. Phil Entertainment Tonight Inside Edition Binghamton's CW Rachael Ray
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Woman Gives Birth To Baby Boy In Walmart Checkout Lane, Pays For Merchandise First Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Woman Gives Birth To Baby Boy In Walmart Checkout Lane, Pays For Merchandise First Image courtesy of Mike Mozart October 11, 2016 11:33 am EST By Ashlee Kieler@akieler rush delivery walmart baby another walmart delivery register birth Babies don’t always have the best timing. When it comes to being born, they might wait until you’re at the hospital, but that baby might decide to make its debut on a Southwest flight, a Walmart parking lot, or in a Sam’s Club bathroom. So why not the Walmart checkout line, where you can give birth and pay for your groceries at the same time. Fox 13 Now reports that a customer in a Utah Walmart was shopping with her family Sunday morning when she began experiencing stomach problems that quickly turned out to be labor pains. A manager for the Walmart store says that the incident unfolded in about 15 minutes. During that time, the woman notified the manager that she wasn’t feeling well. While he went to call 911, the woman headed to the checkout lane to pay for her items. “The funny thing is that the customer was down on her knees and she insisted on paying for her merchandise and we’re like you know that’s just not important. You know, we were going to take care of her on it,” the manager said, noting that employees and fellow shoppers quickly grabbed towels and blankets to help the woman to deliver the baby boy. “By the time the EMTs got here she had paid for her merchandise and had a baby,” the manager said. A responding EMT tells Fox 13 Now that the woman “was very calm, she did very well — it was her third child so she had experienced childbirth before so I don’t think she was as nervous about it other than it was at Walmart.” The woman and baby were taken to the hospital in good condition. The Walmart manager, who joked that the store would change the name of register 11 to “baby register,” says the company plans to buy the woman some necessities like diapers and formula. Mother gives birth in checkout line at Payson Walmart after paying for merchandise [Fox 13 Now] October 11, 2016 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler rush delivery walmart baby another walmart delivery register birth Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related rush delivery Woman Gives Birth In Walmart Parking Lot On Her Birthday With Help From Fellow Shoppers Walmart: Delivering Babies In 2014 Atlanta Walmart Receives Early Morning Delivery When Woman Gives Birth In The Store pay it forward Stranger Offers To Pay For Fellow Walmart Shopper’s Diapers When They Cost More Than Expected rush delivery Woman Gives Birth In Sam’s Club Bathroom With Employees’ Help This Isn't Cutting It Woman Says Walmart Tech Totaled Her Car, Company’s Effort To Make It Right Falls Short Previous Comcast Fined $2.3 Million For Charging Customers For Equipment, Services They Never Ordered Next Tyson Foods Buys Stake In Vegan Company Beyond Meat Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Tyson Foods Buys Stake In Vegan Company Beyond Meat Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Selecciona Edición España América Brasil Cataluña Newsletter Suscríbete Desplegar Cerrar Entra en EL PAÍS Conéctate ¿No estás registrado? Crea tu cuenta Suscríbete Buscador Cerrar Buscar Secciones Cerrar Selecciona Edición España América Brasil Cataluña Tamaño letra a- A+ Alto contraste Internacional mostrar/ocultar menú Internacional Europa Estados Unidos México América Latina Oriente Próximo Asia África Opinión mostrar/ocultar menú Opinión Editoriales Tribunas Viñetas España mostrar/ocultar menú España Andalucía Cataluña C. Valenciana Galicia Madrid País Vasco Más comunidades Economía mostrar/ocultar menú Economía Macroeconomía Empresas Mercados Bolsa Mis ahorros Vivienda Empleo Formación Ciencia Tecnología mostrar/ocultar menú Tecnología Móviles Redes sociales Banco de pruebas Retina Meristation Cultura mostrar/ocultar menú Cultura Literatura Cine Música Teatro Danza Arte Arquitectura Toros Estilo mostrar/ocultar menú Estilo Moda Gastronomía Gente Deportes mostrar/ocultar menú Deportes Fútbol Baloncesto Tenis Ciclismo Fórmula 1 Motociclismo Golf Otros deportes Televisión mostrar/ocultar menú Televisión Series Quinta Temporada Programas Comunicación Crítica TV Avances Programación TV In english Motor EL PAÍS Vídeo EL PAÍS SEMANAL Babelia El Viajero Negocios Ideas Verne Planeta Futuro El Comidista Smoda BuenaVida ICON Tentaciones EL PAÍS + Mamas & Papas Fotos Viñetas Entrevistas Obituarios Hemeroteca El tiempo Servicios Blogs Promociones El País de los estudiantes Escuela de periodismo Síguenos en Síguenos en Twitter Síguenos en Facebook Síguenos en Twitter Síguenos en Instagram Newsletter Suscríbete EL PAÍS In english USA ELECTIONS 2016 Menú Recomendar no Facebook Twittear Enviar para Google + Avance Consulta la portada de la edición nacional de EL PAÍS del lunes 14 de noviembre  » US ELECTIONS The long, slow, death of white, working-class America The appeal of the Trump phenomenon, explained from the epicenter of poverty in the United States Compartir en Facebook Compartir en Twitter Otros Cerrar Compartir en Linkedin Compartir en GooglePlus Compartir en Pinterest Ver comentarios Conéctate Conéctate Imprimir Marc Bassets Welch (West Virginia) 11 OCT 2016 - 18:30 CEST McDowell County funeral parlors have gotten used to seeing younger cadavers arrive at their doors. Jim Sly, who is in charge of Fanning Funeral Home in Welch, the county seat, remembers when two people who had come to make funeral arrangements for a deceased relative passed out at the parlor. He suspects that they were under the influence of some kind of narcotics. Randy and Alma McNeely outside their house in McDowell County. EDU BAYER EN ESPAÑOL La muerte de la América blanca “We see more deaths due to overdose than before,” Sly says. “Though maybe,” he adds, “we are better now at diagnosing them.” It is difficult to find someone in this mining region in the Appalachians who does not have a family member or friend with a drug problem, especially when it comes to painkillers, which they can get with a medical prescription. It’s hard to find someone in this mining region who doesn’t have a family member or friend with a drug problem No freeways connect this county to the outside world. There are no supermarkets stocked with fresh fruits or vegetables, and no opportunities to earn a living unless it’s thanks to government subsidies. The most isolated region in the country, the whitest and most rural of the United States, is slowly dying – and not just because of an overdose. “I have a funeral tomorrow,” says Martin West, the county sheriff. “A young man with some problems.” There are two boxes at the entrance of the office that invites visitors to deposit pills and syringes anonymously for disposal. Besides serving as sheriff, West is a Protestant pastor. As an agent of peace, his mission is to chase down crime: nine out of 10 cases he works on involve drugs. As a preacher, he must console the families destroyed by an epidemic that has contributed to a sharp rise in mortality among whites aged 45 to 54. Life expectancy for men in McDowell was 64 years in 2010, 18 years fewer than their counterparts in Fairfax County, a suburb of Washington, D.C., that sits 560 kilometers away. The county was once home to 100,000 residents, years when coal was to Welch what the car is to Detroit Shop windows in Welch and in other nearby towns along US Route 52 are boarded up. An abandoned school with a music room, a piano and its last score. A hotel in ruins. Houses whose interiors are overgrown with vegetation. These are the remains of a glorious past, when the county was home to 100,000 residents, years when coal was to Welch what the car is to Detroit. Today, 18,000 people live in McDowell. There are no dealerships and, since Wal-Mart closed last winter, there are no big stores either. Wal-Mart, with its low prices and endless sales, is blamed for destroying the fabric of small shops and urban centers throughout rural America. Yet, paradoxically, when Wal-Mart closed its doors, it dealt a second blow, perhaps the hardest, to McDowell County. Now, residents have to travel more than an hour over sinuous highways to nearby counties to shop. “Store closed at 7pm. Thursday January 27, 2016,” says a note taped to the door of the boarded-up Wal-Mart center. It reads like a death certificate. Paradoxically, when Wal-Mart closed its doors, it dealt perhaps the hardest blow to McDowell County “It was the center of social life in the county,” says Linda McKinney. She and her husband, Bob, manage a food and clothing bank that helps 1,200 to 1,800 people – 10% percent of McDowell residents – every month. Wal-Mart’s departure also affected the bank; the giant store donated left-over food. One-third of McDowell residents lives in poverty, according to the US Census Bureau. Annual incomes per capita reach $14,813 (€13,300), half of what the rest of the nation makes. McKinney attributes the high mortality rate to a lack of exercise and poor nutrition because the area lacks supermarkets that could provide fresh foods. “We are not different from other parts of the world, except for one fact: we do not have a middle class,” says Harold McBride, McDowell County president. As people migrate to other counties, McBride says, they take away the social glue needed for this community to recover. Entrance to the McDowell County sheriff’s office in Welch, West Virginia. EDU BAYER / VIDEO: EL PAÍS Republican candidate Donald Trump does not excite this Democratic county but no one here can forget that Hillary Clinton took for granted the fact that many coal miners would lose their jobs, in a statement Appalachian residents interpreted as a declaration of war against them. In the reception hall of Widener Funeral Home, a headline from The Welch News reads: “Carfentanil: A New Factor in the US Opioid Crisis.” Kenneth Widener, who works in the family business, says the number of deaths due to overdose is still a small fraction of the total. But “when we show up in the news,” he explains, “they always show the worst home and the worst-looking person.” In photos A visit to West Virginia (Spanish captions) Driving through back roads among idyllic landscapes, Sabrina Shrader, a tireless fighter for the good name of this land, recalls her childhood in McDowell, where she lived until she was 13 years old. She participated in the campaign launched by Bernie Sanders, Clinton’s rival in the Democratic primaries, and she is running for a West Virginia Legislature seat for Mercer County. “I am an Appalachian Christian,” says Shrader, who shows pride in her identity and peppers her sentences with Bible references. Davy, a town of 400 residents located next to a railroad line, is home to the Wingates: Adam, his wife Heather, and their two children. Adam Wingate immigrated to the United States from Lebanon when he was five years old. A local family adopted him. Wingate is a miner and he has been out of work for four months. “There is no way I want my kids to stay here,” he says. He has found needles in the park nearby. Heather Wingate remembers the car accident she had when she was 22 years old. The doctor prescribed 180 painkillers. “Here,” she says, “good people do bad things.” English version by Dyane Jean François. The “invisible audience” According to economists Anne Case and Angus Deaton, the rise in mortality among middle-aged whites is not happening in any other developed country or among other ethnic groups in the United States. These men and women fill the ranks of Donald Trump supporters. His populist nationalist message has helped the Republican candidate connect with voters who feel displaced by globalization, scorned by elites, and put at a disadvantage in a country that is growing increasingly more diverse. As Anne Case wrote, they are “an audience that feels increasingly invisible.” McDowell County, West Virginia is the county with the third-highest rate of premature death in the United States, according to “County Health Rankings” from the University of Wisconsin Population Health Institute, a study that measures where residents are most likely to die before the age of 75. The other two counties with the highest mortality rates are on Indian reservations in South Dakota. More information White Americans say US has been on the decline for the last 60 years Clinton and Trump compete for the white working class vote From cutting-edge technology to old-fashioned door-to-door Hillary Clinton avoids walking in Donald Trump’s shadow Vídeos Newsletters Secciones Hipotecas Vivienda Empleo Cursos Centros Descuentos Viajes Bucmi idealista 30 chalets en venta a buen precio Viviendas de más 100 metros cuadrados y con al menos 3 habitaciones Pisos nuevos superbaratos en España Selección de las viviendas nuevas más baratas en territorio nacional Buscar vivienda en: Comprar Alquilar Obra Nueva Viviendas Habitación Oficinas Locales o naves Garajes Terrenos IAhorro ¿Buscas una hipoteca fiable? Te ayudamos a encontrarla con total objetividad y sin cobrarte ¿Sabes qué hipoteca tiene un diferencial de 0,90%? Toda la información detallada y fácil de entender Aquí encontrarás la hipoteca más barata, sin líos y GRATIS. Información sin compromiso. En unos momentos recibirás una llamada de uno de nuestros expertos, gracias. ¡Te llamamos! He leído y acepto la política de privacidad Debes aceptar la política de privacidad Teléfono incorrecto Empleo Se precisan 60 Ingenieros/as en Telecomunicaciones Contrato indefinido y salario de 30.000 euros brutos + Seguro y otras primas Has acabado la carrera y buscas empleo? Tenemos para ti unas cuentas ofertas de trabajo para recién licenciados Buscar empleo sobre: BUSCAR EMagister Máster en Escritura y Narración Creativa Formación a distancia con 75% de descuento Especialízate en Criminología Máster 100% online con prácticas en empresa Encuentra aquí tu Centro de Formación ver directorio de centros › llama gratis al 900494058 y encontraremos el curso que buscas El País Selección Cepillo alisador por sólo 29,95€ Alisa tu cabello de manera fácil y rápida y olvídate del secador y de la plancha Smartwatch con teléfono y cámara por sólo 43,95€ Pantalla táctil de 15,4. Conecta tu teléfono en un cómodo y moderno reloj Compra nuestra selección de productos emagister.com ¿Quieres estudiar Periodismo Digital? Lo puedes lograr con este postgrado a distancia con 75% de descuento Curso de Fotografía Profesional Especialízate en fotografía digital con esta formación Buscar cursos sobre: llama gratis al900 49 40 58 y encontraremos el curso que buscas El País Club de Vinos Selección Azpilicueta por 47,95 euros Date de alta en EL PAÍS Club de Vinos y tendrás 10 de regalo y envío gratis Los mejores vinos por menos de 10,00 € Los vinos españoles más premiados al mejor precio en EL PAÍS Club de vinos Compra ahora tus vinos preferidos en EL PAÍS Club de Vinos Bucmi Depilación Láser al 40% Descubre aquí los mejores precios para la depilación definitiva Comparte y Reparte Consigue 6€ cada vez que alguien use tu código amigo en su primera reserva Las mejores peluquerías y centros de belleza hasta con -50% ir a bucmi › tutellus Conviértete en el master de Pokémon GO Aprende todos los trucos y secretos para cazar a los Pokémon más misteriosos 7 maneras de promocionar tu vídeo en Internet Más de 1.000 personas ya lo aprendieron en este curso gratis Ver cursos gratis ir a tutellus › Descuentos ¿Quieres un código descuento Zalando? En Descuentos EL PAÍS tenemos uno del 10% para toda la web ¿Quieres un código descuento Groupon? Consigue en Descuentos EL PAÍS 6€ de descuentos para toda la web Aprovecha los descuentos que te hemos preparado durante Black Friday 2016 ir a descuentos el país > El País Viajes Viaja con Sebastián Álvaro de “Al filo de lo imposible” Ordesa y Monte perdido para espíritus aventureros Viaja a Colombia con Paco Nadal Café, esmeraldas, gastronomía, paisajes cautivadores y mucho más Encuentra tu viaje con nuestros expertos ver EL PAÍS VIAJES › llama al 902 101 973 y reserva tu viaje   Lo más visto en... » Top 50 EL PAÍS Twitter Verne In English Desde España Desde América 1Ten fabulous fall getaways 2Spain's populist Podemos party slams parallels with “fascist” Trump 3Donald Trump’s victory casts chilly shadow over long-awaited Cuban thaw 4Spain unblocks €40 million arms sale to Saudi Arabia 5Eddie Izzard: “We have to put more hope in the world than despair” 6The last king of the Americas 7VídeoTwo dead and five missing in Tenerife apartment collapse 8VídeoZygmunt Bauman: “Social media are a trap” 9Spanish police zero in on car driver in missing teen case 10Decoding the secret messages of Spain’s Alhambra palace and gardens 1VídeoLas divas americanas ante la era Trump 2VídeoUn terremoto de intensidad 7,8 sacude Nueva Zelanda y deja dos muertos 3VídeoDonald Trump promete deportar hasta tres millones de inmigrantes irregulares 4VídeoSuperluna (casi) a la vista 5VídeoDonald Trump, el demagogo que capitalizó la ira 6VídeoArgentina matará 100.000 castores para salvar sus bosques nativos 7Una excavación aporta una nueva visión de la colonización de Asia 8Monica Bellucci: “La belleza no tiene edad” 9Clinton culpa de su derrota electoral a Comey, el director del FBI 10Los Smith que auparon al nuevo presidente 1VídeoUn terremoto de intensidad 7,8 sacude Nueva Zelanda y deja dos muertos 2VídeoArgentina pretende matar 100.000 castores para salvar florestas nativas 3VídeoSuperluna (casi) a la vista 4VídeoDonald Trump promete deportar hasta tres millones de inmigrantes irregulares 5Donald Trump promete deportar até “três milhões de imigrantes ilegais” 6VídeoDonald Trump suaviza algumas de suas promessas mais polêmicas 7VídeoDonald Trump, el demagogo que capitalizó la ira 8Monica Bellucci: “La belleza no tiene edad” 9VídeoDonald Trump suaviza algunas de sus promesas más rupturistas 10Lava Jato deve iniciar ‘recall’ de delatores por denúncias contra o PSDB 1VídeoSuperluna (casi) a la vista 2VídeoLa oposición de Venezuela trata de aplacar a sus bases tras el diálogo con el Gobierno 3VídeoDonald Trump promete deportar hasta tres millones de inmigrantes irregulares 4Houellebecq: “Los intelectuales han abandonado a la izquierda” 5VídeoUn terremoto de intensidad 7,8 sacude Nueva Zelanda y deja dos muertos 6El líder del PP de Almería dio licencias a familiares para construir 845 viviendas 7¡Peligro: democracia! 8Ante la ola de populismo nacionalista 9VídeoDonald Trump encuentra en la derecha populista europea a su primer aliado internacional 10Trump nombra a un líder republicano y a un agitador mediático en la Casa Blanca 1Lo que podemos aprender de la madre que ayudó a capturar al ciberacosador sexual de su hija 2Valentino Rossi pega una patada a una aficionada en Cheste 3Por qué ya no puedes dormir hasta las tres de la tarde como cuando tenías 20 años 4VídeoEl disco más caro de la historia, filtrado por "el hombre más odiado" 5Por qué nos parece que todo está en 'Los Simpson' 6Juega al trivial feminista que ha conseguido más de 37.000 euros en un crowdfunding 7Mucho hablar de Ohio, pero ¿sabes dónde está cada estado de EE UU? 8VídeoEl capítulo de 'Los Simpson' que predijo la victoria de Trump hace 16 años 9Varias cadenas de mensajes promueven comprar solo productos mexicanos en protesta contra Trump 10¿Qué hacer después de la victoria de Trump? Michael Moore hace estas recomendaciones Comentarios Normas Entra en EL PAÍS E-mail Contraseña Entra Recupera contraseña ¿No estás registrado? Crea tu cuenta © EDICIONES EL PAÍS S.L. Contacto Venta Publicidad Aviso legal Política cookies Mapa EL PAÍS en KIOSKOyMÁS Índice RSS Una empresa de PRISA Medios Grupo Prisa El PAÍS Los 40 principales Santillana Santillana Compartir tvi Cadena SER AS.com adn Caracol Huffington Post UNO wradio Cinco Días continental Máxima M80 radio Cadena Dial Kebuena Podium podcasts Richmond Moderna Plural tvi24 El PaÍs ICON Planeta futuro loqueleo Meristation S moda Rádio Comercial Webs de PRISA cerrar ventana SANTILLANA SANTILLANA Global Richmond SANTILLANA Argentina Bolivia Brasil Chile Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador El Salvador España Estados Unidos Guatemala Honduras México Panamá Paraguay Perú Portugal Rep. Dominicana Uruguay Venezuela loqueleo SANTILLANA ESPAÑOL SANTILLANA FRANCES Sistema UNO Santillana Compartir IneveryCREA Fundación Santillana Brasil España Colombia Seminario Periodismo Cultural Foro de industrias culturales Essay & Science Premio Viva Lectura El Boomeran(g) PRISA NOTICIAS PRISA Noticias EL PAÍS EL PAÍS América EL PAÍS Brasil EL PAÍS in English EL PAÍS Cataluña EL PAÍS Vídeo Blogs EL PAÍS Babelia EL PAÍS Semanal ICON Planeta Futuro Tentaciones Verne El Viajero S Moda BuenaVida El Comidista EL PAÍS + Escuela de Periodismo EL PAÍS de los Estudiantes Librotea Descuentos EL PAÍS EL PAÍS Club de Vinos Clasificados EL PAÍS Directorio de centros EL PAÍS Viajes Selección EL PAÍS AS AS Chile AS Colombia AS México AS USA AS América AS English Resultados deportivos ASTV TikiTakas Epik BeTech AS Descuentos Megastore Promociones Concursos AS-outlet Cinco Días Smartlife Territorio Pyme Cinco Sentidos Zona Trading El Huffington Post MeriStation MeriStation México El Motor PRISA RADIO PRISA Radio RADIO HABLADA ADN Radio Cadena SER Caracol Radio Caracol 1260 GLR Networks Radio Continental Radio Panamá W Radio EE UU Colombia México Estadio W Panamá RADIO MUSICAL LOS40 Argentina Chile Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador España Guatemala México Panamá Paraguay Rep. Dominicana Arpegio Aspen Bésame Colombia Costa Rica Panamá Cadena DIAL Concierto Corazón FMDOS Futuro KeBuena España México Máxima FM M80 Radio Oxígeno Pudahuel Q Hubo Radioacktiva Radioactiva Radio Imagina Radio Uno Radiolé Rock&Pop RQP Tropicana La Vallenata Viva Radio MÚSICA Merchandising On Stage Planet Events RLM Tyrona Eventos PRISA Audiovisual MEDIA CAPITAL TV TVI TVI24 TVI Internacional TVI Ficção TVI Reality TVI África TVI Player PRODUCCIÓN AUDIOVISUAL Plural Entertainment RADIO Radio Comercial M80 SmoothFM Cidade FM Vodafone FM DIGITAL IOL Maisfutebol Autoportal Blogs Negócios PRISA PRISA PRISA INN toyoutome blog COMERCIAL Y MARKETING PRISA Brand Solutions cerrar Muchas gracias. Al desactivar el bloqueador de publicidad apoyas el periodismo de calidad. A partir de ahora podrás acceder sin problemas a todas las noticias de EL PAÍS. X
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Retail Consumer Retail Media Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Amazon's next push into bricks-and-mortar shops appears to target convenience stores Krystina Gustafson | @KrystinaGustafs Tuesday, 11 Oct 2016 | 10:08 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Kevork Djansezian | Getty Images An Amazon Fresh truck Amazon isn't going to sit idly by as Wal-Mart zeroes in on the online grocery business. Instead, as the world's largest retailer pushes forward in the category — which makes up roughly half of its sales — Amazon is reportedly eyeing a bigger piece of the action. According to The Wall Street Journal, the e-commerce giant plans to open convenience stores that sell milk, produce and other consumables, as well as drive-up destinations where shoppers can have their orders brought to the car. People familiar with the strategy told the newspaper that shoppers could use their smartphones or screens scattered around the shops to place their orders. The drive-up service, which replicates Wal-Mart's successful online grocery strategy, would be designated for shoppers who place their orders ahead of time. A spokeswoman for Amazon told CNBC the company does not comment on rumors or speculation. The Journal story comes just days after Wal-Mart reiterated its commitment to its online grocery business. When Wal-Mart's online sales growth picked up in the fiscal second quarter, growing roughly 12 percent, management attributed part of the acceleration to this service. Not only has it brought new customers into its ecosystem, but these shoppers tend to grab additional items when they pick up their orders, the company has said. This capability has been rolled out to 80 markets and 500 stores, and will be in 100 markets and 600 stores by year's end. Though digital grocery sales have been slow to take off for both Amazon and the industry overall, as shoppers have been reluctant to allow someone else to choose their produce, Cowen and Co. analyst John Blackledge says there's huge potential for the e-commerce giant to grab a larger share of spending. Online groceries now account for about 2 percent of total grocery sales within the United States, according to IBISWorld. In a report on the grocery industry earlier this year, Blackledge said Amazon's food and beverage revenues fell shy of earning it a slot in the top 20 grocery retailers. However, as shoppers become more comfortable with the idea of purchasing groceries online, Amazon has emerged as a name that they trust, his research has found. As such, Blackledge estimates Amazon will become the seventh-largest food and beverage retailer in the U.S. by 2021. "The U.S. food and beverage grocery market has reached a tipping point, in our view," he said in the report. Grocery could signal a big opportunity for Amazon, as food needs to be replenished frequently. However, its Fresh service is only available in a handful of markets, and comes at an additional cost to Prime members. Whereas an annual Prime membership is $99, Amazon Fresh tacks on another $14.99 a month. Amazon has been dipping its toe into bricks-and-mortar stores, including a bookstore in its home market of Seattle and 25 pop-up locations around the U.S. Krystina GustafsonEditor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AMZN --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Home Business Directory Your Health Classifieds Obituaries eEdition Public Notices Advertising Subscriptions Sign in 57° Fair Sunday November 13, 2016 Payson Roundup | Payson, AZ Jump to content News Today's news Local Business Arts & Entertainment Education Births Couples Obituaries Payson Town Hall Star Valley Sports Opinion Letters to the editor Submit your letter Guest Comment Our View Submit Story idea Photo Engagement Wedding Anniversary Obituaries Birth Letter to the Editor Press release Roundup Blog Social Media Tourism Events Today's events Town of Payson Event Calendar Submit an event Almanac Photos/Videos Buy photos Photos Galleries Videos Archive Videos Audio Documents Outdoors Breaking News Longhorns fall in quarterfinals November 13, 2016 ADVERTISEMENT Payson Vehicle Crashes Rise By One-Third, Stores Are Hot Spots Alexis Bechman produced this map showing the locations of 325 car accidents in Payson from January to August. The red areas had the most accidents followed by the yellow and then the green. By Alexis Bechman As of Monday, October 10, 2016 Sign in to favorite this Discuss 3 comments, Blog about Share this Email, Facebook, Twitter Advertisement Watch out if you are driving near Walmart or Safeway! These remain among the top places for accidents, according to data the Roundup recently received. If you’ve driven around Payson you are probably aware of a few other hot spots when it comes to accidents and near mishaps. From January to August, drivers reported 325 accidents to police in Payson, a small increase for the same period last year. Last year, Payson averaged 30 accidents a month — this year, we’re up to 40 a month. The Roundup recently requested a series of data sets from the Payson Police Department including, locations, dates and times of accidents, burglaries, thefts and domestic violence. In the first in a series, today we’ll focus on the data documenting a sharp increase in accidents in the past year in a town often overwhelmed by out-of-town traffic. The data reveals locations where you are most likely to get into a wreck and what time of day that will occur. Basically, avoid Highway 87 altogether between noon and 7 p.m. That’s when 56 percent of accidents occur. If you just have to run that errand — at least avoid driving the highway between noon and 2 p.m., when 20 percent of accidents happen. The best time to drive? Between 11 p.m. and 8 a.m., according to the data. In fact, Payson hasn’t had a single traffic crash between 3 a.m. and 4 a.m. so far this year. Keep that in mind next time you need groceries — since the grocery remain a prime spot for accidents. Walmart, at 300 N. Beeline Highway, and Safeway, at 401 E. Highway 260, remain the top locations for accidents in Payson. So far this year, there have been 11 near Walmart and nine near Safeway. Other top spots for accidents include nine at Home Depot, 2000 N. Beeline Highway; seven at Tyler Parkway and Highway 260; six on South Highway 87 as you enter town and six near the Jiffy Lube and Highway 260 intersection, 160 E. Highway 260. Earlier this year, a Gila County Sheriff’s Office deputy got into a wreck at that intersection outside Jiffy Lube. The accident caused no serious injuries. Among the 325 wrecks this year, 139 involved injuries — roughly 42 percent. Police report two fatalities. Ronald Richardson died when the front-end loader he was working on rolled, pinning him at 1001 W. Gold Nugget Lane. In August, a Christopher Creek man died of a medical condition after crashing into several vehicles at the intersection of Manzanita Street and East State Route 260. Statewide in 2015, there were 116,609 auto crashes in Arizona, 811 of them fatal. That’s a toll of about 2.45 people killed each day in a motor vehicle accident, according to the Arizona Department of Transportation. The number of crashes and fatal wrecks has risen every year since at least 2011 in Arizona. In Gila County last year, police reported 844 crashes, including 25 crashes that claimed 31 lives. Payson police in 2015 reported three fatal wrecks. While 81 percent of crashes in Arizona occur in urban areas, the accidents that do occur in rural areas are usually more serious. In 2015, 46 percent of all fatal crashes occurred in rural areas with just 19 percent of fatal accidents occurring in urban areas. On Wednesday, a Pine man died when his car crossed the centerline coming into Payson on the Beeline Highway, hitting a van head-on. In Gila County, the number of fatalities increased dramatically from 2014 to 2015. The increase from 18 deaths in 2014 to 31 in 2015 amounted to a 72 percent increase. Of those deaths, eight were alcohol related. Around the state, the number of fatalities increased in 11 of the 15 counties from 2014 to 2015. ADOT’s report does not speculate as to a reason for the increase in fatal wrecks. People are driving more around the state. The amount of gasoline sold in Arizona has been increasing every year since the recession hit in 2007-08. The market took a hit when the downturn occurred, going from a peak of 2.87 billion gallons sold in Arizona in 2006-07 to 2.65 billion in 2008-09. In 2015-16, 2.84 billion gallons of gasoline was sold around the state as more people drove more often — and further. In Gila County, gallon sales have not recovered as quickly as statewide. Gasoline sales peaked in 2004-05 in Gila County at 34 million gallons sold. Last year, they hovered at 27.3 million gallons in Gila County. In Payson, the most wrecks occurred in April, dropped slightly in May and June and then increased again in July. The winter months typically see fewer visitors to Rim Country and fewer accidents. While there is no way to predict when or where a wreck will occur, the Payson Police reports tell us to be more vigilante when driving during the day and when visiting the store. More like this story Payson has high rate of car-bicycle accidents Cutting crashes Arizona vehicle crash deaths on the rise Two die in Highway 87 accident When familiar roads throw a curve Comments Bruce Heffner 1 month ago Great informative artical. That Bee Line is a dangerous highway through this nice little town and a bypass would save lives, costly emergency personnel, reduced air and noise pollution and time. Upvote 2 Add photo Post reply Please Login and/or Verify your account to reply Sign in to suggest removal Pat Randall 1 month ago Get the road thru N. of Walmart to McLane and it will take a lot of the traffic away from the intersection at the N. entrance and the Beeline. Don't put in a stupid roundabout on McLane near the Library. The town is creating traffic hazards with them. I noticed a lot of people at the intersection of Longhorn and McLane today. Seems they may be putting in a death trap at that intersection with a roundabout. What are they going to do with the mini storage, and big steel electric poles and the fenced in area that has something to do with APS? I can see 200 high school students getting tangled up there in a huge crash. Upvote 0 Add photo Post reply Please Login and/or Verify your account to reply Sign in to suggest removal Mike White 1 month ago We will also need local bypasses on the SE and SW quadrants. Upvote 0 Add photo Post reply Please Login and/or Verify your account to reply Sign in to suggest removal Requires free registration Posting comments requires a free account and verification. Username I have an account. I'm new. Password Forgot? Sign in Password Confirm password Email 
           Sign up Connect with OpenID Or login with: Connect to Facebook Connect to Twitter Google OpenID Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Latest Photos More photos Advertisement Payson Roundup News archives / About / Advertising / Feedback / Contact / Terms of use policy / Staff Submit Story idea / Photo / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary / Birth / Letter to the Editor / Press release Contents of this site are © Copyright 2016 The Payson Roundup. All rights reserved. See our terms of use for RSS feeds.
LINKS Login Profile Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Calendar of Events Submission Contact Us View PDF Edition PageView Flip PDF 810-664-0811 SECTIONS Front Page Opinions Obituaries Sports Weather Community Classifieds WEEKENDER Place an Ad Contest Rules Photo Gallery Advertiser Index Miscellaneous Dining & Entertainment Health Business Brief Automotive Church Real Estate Grocery 2016-10-06 / Front Page Tweet Print Second Walmart TV thief sentenced to seven years By Kelly Krager Editor • kkrager@mihomepaper.com • 989-269-9918 Justin Sturm HURON COUNTY — The second of three culprits in a string of big-screen television thefts from Walmart will spend at least seven years in prison for his multiple crimes. Justin Daniel Sturm, 28, of Ubly, was sentenced Monday to seven to 40 years for conducting a criminal enterprise; two to 20 years for breaking and entering a building with intent to commit larceny therein; and one year for heroin possession. Each sentence was enhanced by Sturm’s status as a third-offense habitual offender, which doubles the maximum sentence. Derrick Nicholas Grifka, 23, of Ubly, was sentenced in August to five to 25 years for a conviction of conducting a criminal enterprise and for being a fourth-offense habitual offender. Due to his prior criminal history, he had faced up to life in prison. Brad Allen Galloway, 33, of Caseville, pleaded guilty on Aug. 29 to a charge of conducting a criminal enterprise and to being a third-offense habitual offender. Combined, the convictions carry a possible maximum prison sentence of 40 years. He is scheduled to be sentenced Oct. 24. Sturm and his two associates took the televisions by loading them onto carts and walking out with them through the store’s front doors. They then transported the stolen items to Flint, where they traded the items for heroin. In total, the televisions were valued at $18,985. Grifka and Sturm were both ordered to pay their share of the cost in restitution to Walmart, and the same order is expected when Galloway is sentenced. Huron County Prosecutor Timothy J. Rutkowski said the men typically worked in two-man teams while stealing the televisions. Sturm and Grifka were present during seven of the 11 incidents, and Galloway took part in nine of the thefts. Sturm’s breaking and entering conviction was for a theft from Thumb Pawn, which was unrelated to the Walmart case. Co-defendant William John Messing said he was unaware Sturm was stealing items from the store until Sturm returned to the vehicle Messing was driving. Since Messing assisted Sturm by helping him leave the site with the stolen goods, he was also charged with breaking and entering with intent. On Monday, Sept. 26, he was sentenced to 90 days in jail, with 60 days held in abeyance, and 18 months probation. Before his sentence was read, Sturm apologized to the court and stated his crimes were linked to his drug addiction. In a letter Sturm submitted to the court, he said he was doing well following his release from prison approximately five years ago. Then, he was injured in an automobile accident, which also nearly killed his best friend. “Even though I had a really good job, I couldn’t keep up, and that’s when everything spiraled out of control. I was scared to ask for help until it was pretty much too late,” Sturm wrote. On the date of his arrest, May 20, he was scheduled to begin treatment at a rehabilitation facility. Rutkowski said he requested a sentence of 12 to 14 years, which fell within the guideline range. Defense attorney Dallas Rooney asked for leniency, arguing that all Sturm’s crimes involved property, not violence against people. Rutkowski said just because Sturm did not directly attack a person doesn’t mean people were not injured by his crimes. “People are affected,” Rutkowski said. “Business owners are losing money, and they have to try to get that money back by charging honest customers more. It affects the rest of society.” He said a lengthy prison sentence will serve to protect the community. “Sturm’s not going to change. His history is littered with thefts,” Rutkowski said. Sturm received 136 days credit for time served. He was ordered to pay $594 fines and costs. Return to top Copyright © 2009-2016 Huron County View, All Rights Reserved Browse Archives Click here for digital edition Newspaper web site content management software and services
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America in first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage, Obamacare and THAT vow to punish Hillary The Ex-Goldman banker and Breitbart exec who once said he didn't want his daughters 'going to school with Jews': Meet Steve Bannon, Trump's chief strategist 'Sometimes you just have to take a look in the mirror': Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway says Hillary should blame HERSELF for historic loss rather than focusing on the role of the FBI Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million illegal immigrants with criminal records - and insists that he WILL build a border wall (but part of it could be a fence) Reince Priebus AND Steve Bannon will lead Trump's White House: Donald makes insider RNC head his chief of staff - but scorched earth practitioner is chief strategist and gets announced President-elect Trump can't put his billions into a blind trust because that would leave Ivanka, Eric, and Don Jr. 'out of work,' top advisor says So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the New York Times, hours after promising to be restrained online and thanks his former Never Trump enemies for congratulations  Now who is deplorable? Faces of the 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of violent anti-Trump protests in Portland Will a Muslim Congressman head the DNC? Keith Ellison wins the support of Bernie Sanders and Harry Reid before he has even announced his own candidacy A third of Hillary Clinton supporters DO NOT believe Donald Trump's victory was legitimate, new poll finds Trump promises to be 'restrained' on Twitter in his first TV interview as President-elect: The Donald says he'll tone down his social media commentary and describes Hillary's 'lovely' concession call Donald Trump tries to postpone fraud lawsuits against his defunct real estate university until AFTER he is sworn in as president  Mark Zuckerberg says it's 'extremely unlikely' fake news posted on Facebook swung the election for Trump and warns against the site 'becoming arbiters of the truth' Teacher who compared Trump's rise to Hitler is suspended from high school to keep students 'emotionally safe' 'We don't even need Ohio... I'm going to grab a Xanax': Dave Chapelle and Chris Rock mock overconfident white Clinton voters in SNL election night sketch 'Everything feels like it's upside down': Donald Trump's election victory leaves American Muslims reeling and scared Female Muslim immigrant who said she voted for Trump because she was tired of 'Obama dancing around radical Islam' is threatened Will Ivana Trump become ambassador to Czech Republic? Donald Trump's ex-wife announces her intentions to become diplomat to her home country Don't panic: House Speaker Paul Ryan tries to 'put people's minds at ease' when told some Americans are 'terrified' about President-elect Trump Your gold and diamond door's worth more than my house! The riotous inside story of Mr Brexit Nigel Farage's astonishing coup as he became first foreign politician to meet President-elect Trump  Megyn Kelly claims Trump repeatedly offered her gifts and a free stay at his Florida estate in return for better coverage - and insists she wasn't the only journalist he tried to influence PIERS MORGAN: They're not calling you a Ku Klux Klan loving loser now, my friend! Our man with a hotline to the Trumps on the week that shook the world  Trump 'ditches Chris Christie over Bridgegate': President-elect is 'furious that New Jersey governor is letting "soccer mom" aide go to jail over scandal' Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website' following election win Previous Next Breast cancer patient is handcuffed and questioned at Walmart after being mistaken for a fugitive because she shaved her hair after chemotherapy Erin Peters said she was humiliated after authorities believed she was a wanted fugitive because her hair is very short  The 35-year-old had shaved her hair because of cancer treatments Authorities thought Peters was Whitley Evenson, 18, from Missouri    Evenson is charged with killing her six-week-old, Derek Walker, in 2015  She was arrested Friday and will face a second-degree murder charge  By Valerie Edwards For Dailymail.com and Associated Press Published: 19:33 EST, 10 October 2016 | Updated: 23:44 EST, 17 October 2016 e-mail 8 shares 46 View comments A breast cancer patient says she was mistaken for a Missouri fugitive because her hair was shaved due to chemotherapy treatments. Erin Peters, 35, said she felt humiliated when she was handcuffed and questioned when she was stopped Friday at an Idaho Walmart after being mistaken for 18-year-old Whitley Evenson. Evenson, of Independence, Missouri, is charged with killing her six-week-old baby, Derek Walker, in September 2015, The Coeur d'Alene Press newspaper reported. 'I felt humiliated in front of Walmart, crying,' Peters said after being questioned for 45 minutes.  Breast cancer patient, Erin Peters (left), 35, said she was mistaken for Missouri teenager, Whitley Evenson (right), 18, who was wanted for the death of her infant daughter Peters said members of the North Idaho Violent Crimes Task Force believed she was the Missouri fugitive because her hair is very short.  She said she shaved her hair because of cancer treatments.  Task force members went through her purse, her phone and her Facebook account, 'ransacking everything', she said.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Game-changing immunotherapy drug DOUBLES head and neck... Police who spent 10 years looking for a fugitive finally... Share this article Share 'The way they went about this was so wrong,' Peters added.  FBI spokesman Richard Collodi said he regrets that Peters was inconvenienced but the task force had to be sure.  He said suspects often come up with creative excuses to avoid arrest. Peters (left) said members of the North Idaho Violent Crimes Task Force believed she was Evenson (pictured right in 2015) because her hair is very short. Peters said she shaved her hair because of cancer treatments Evenson was booked into Kootenai County jail until she can be extradited back to Jackson County, Missouri, where she is charged with second-degree murder. Prosecutors accused Evenson of suffocating her infant, Derek Walker (pictured)  'I'm confident she was treated professionally,' Collodi said. The task force had information Evenson would be at that Walmart, Collodi said, Evenson was arrested later on Friday at the store.  She was out on bond when she failed to appear for a court hearing in July.  Evenson was booked into Kootenai County jail until she can be extradited back to Jackson County, Missouri, where she is charged with second-degree murder. Jackson County prosecutors accused Evenson of killing her son by putting her hand over the child’s mouth until he suffocated. Police said Evenson and her boyfriend, Leo Walker, had broken up five days before the child's death and he had moved out, according to KMBC.  Walker and the baby's grandmother believe that Evenson killed the baby as revenge for the breakup. The couple also has a one-year-old daughter, who Evenson's brother has been raising.  Read more: Teen murder suspect captured at Walmart; breast cancer patient mistaken for fugitive - Coeur d'Alene Press: Local News Teen mom charged with smothering baby appears in court Share or comment on this article e-mail 8 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Havelock resident shocked as he films earthquake hitting NZ Trump supporter spews ignorant racist rant at young woman Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Michael Moore tries to meet with Trump at Trump Tower Mother kicks her young child out for voting Trump in school Clinton makes final appearance at campaign headquarters Nigel Farage avoids questions as he enters Trump Tower Dogs leaping through grass like antelope will cheer you up Bodybuilder with '0% body fat' flexes her muscles in the gym Road rage incident turns personal as drivers insult each other Terryfing video of ground shaking as earthquake hits Christchurch Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... FBI 'ran 23 child pornography sites in a bid to lure and... 'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon... Hillary's last hurrah: Clinton greets her campaign staff one... 'Kill the police!' Anti-Trump protesters chant death threats... From a modest home built by her father to the future First... So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Destructive tsunami waves hit New Zealand's South Island... 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave... Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business... Reince Priebus AND Steven Bannon will lead Trump's White... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'He wants to make America great again... and chicken fingers': The Daily Show jokes Trump's speechwriter could easily be a kid Sponsored Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Booty-ful day at the beach! RHOM star Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40 million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body Fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger admits he has 50 of the SAME outfit and doesn't wear the preppy sportswear from his own brand   Dressed in smart suits  Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Arrived statuesque and Golden  The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals More vacation antics  Resurrected! Dave Chappelle plays Negan in Walking Dead skit while hosting SNL... as well as a half dozen of his most famous characters Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Bella Thorne, 19,  is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Rocked two outfits  'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon chokes up as she foregoes comedy and performs rendition of late Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah on SNL EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot Turned heads with her racy poses  Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor showed off his biceps Bear Grylls backs down on his plans to build 25 beach huts at a Welsh beauty spot after angering locals Was in retreat about plans for 25 beach huts From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on chat show On British television  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on lifelong fatherhood aspirations He always wanted a baby Just Jane, for now: Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split 'I was a bit of a bastard': Rock and roll legend Phil Collins ADMITS to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' It's fash-cone, darling! Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat as she steps out in chilly NYC Wrapped up warm against the weather  Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Had arrived from London Blac Chyna's mom Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive... after second grandchild is born A very generous side Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA  Crossed paths! Andrew Garfield and runs into ex-girlfriend Emma Stone at Variety Studio Actors on Actors event in LA  Was it awkward? People wanted to kill me, says Harry's girl: Meghan talks to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and her most embarrassing TV moment to date  The Firm out in force: Kate and the Queen bring out their princes for a star-studded Festival of Remembrance at the Albert Hall  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot The security specialist Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website' following election win Disgraced host  Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London   Was speculation she would meet family Where's Meghan? Harry cheers on England at Twickenham but there's no sign of his new girlfriend (and he is sitting next to Princess Charlene of Monaco)  Happyness pursued: Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his day hard at work  Photograph that Taylor Swift claims is evidence that radio DJ 'reached under her skirt and groped her' is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Is on board of charity  In the navy! Jennifer Garner, 44, is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of star-studded  Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Wowed on arrival Calling the shots! Katie Holmes, 37, puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival Showed off her movie 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet The baby already has an Instagram account  Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital Seen in LA EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  She is 37 From a modest home  to the future First Lady: Melania Trump is the daughter of a car parts salesman - but she always dreamed of a jet set lifestyle  Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  A royal plea She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online She addressed the criticism  Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time Over the moon at family's new addition  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey Singer had broken down in his home state  Former Today show host Billy Bush is 'being courted by Breitbart to run their Hollywood coverage following Trump's victory' Comeback? Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle Died at her home in California  Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York All bundled up for a day in the city  'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber Quality family time  Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Partnered with Natalie Portman for event What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Hilary Duff showcased her killer abs  Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in Los Angeles  Her due date is getting close  Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Grey's Anatomy alum Katherine Heigl, 37, shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Fox news anchor under fire for a pro-Trump Facebook post that slammed Obama for making 'the entire country hate one another' Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack  It's Sgt Pepper's lost stars club band: Inspired by the iconic Beatles album cover, a touching tribute to list of celebrities who have died in 2016  'Bottoms up': Australian model Annabella Barber posts Kardashian inspired belfie... as model strips down to her pants for raunchy TOPLESS photo Film-maker Michael Moore calls on Donald Trump to STEP DOWN as President-elect - before joining thousands of protesters in the streets  She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror  Ripped female bodybuilder with an incredible 'ZERO per cent' body fat shows off her trim physique but sparks debate over whether she's healthy 'You can never be too careful with your safety':  Delta Goodrem reveals her stalker fear after she went to EXTREME lengths to lose a following vehicle Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood on Friday night 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Almost Famous star  Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon Married couple took in the scenery  Red hot! Australia The Bachelor's Rachael Gouvignon sets pulses racing in teeny bikini... as busty star goes for a swim after a run along the beach   REVIEW: Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Hotly anticipated  'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  He previously said  Trump is 'a punk' Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays her toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves the gym in LA The 21-year-old in-demand model  'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over two-year-old daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Already has a catwalk bug  Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event The 41-year-old redhead tried out a new look alongside co-stars  Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee donned Nike trainers Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose 'A little fishing with my guy' Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip On vacation  Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  A political twist  Help is on the way! Supergirl, The Flash, and Arrow unite for the biggest crossover event in CW superhero history It's in an epic four-day event Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The 30-year-old former O.C. star was unmissable  Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars The 43-year-old actress was beaming Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Working hard to make a name for herself  Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Jamie Oliver continued his pride in sweet snap Showstopper! Mariah Carey sizzles in sexy skin tight jumpsuit and animal print heels for night on the town The 46-year-old was in Los Angeles  Trump gets the last laugh: Alec Baldwin WON'T play The Donald on this week's SNL - and could ditch the part forever Won't reprise role  'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Her own demonstration Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil The First Lady freezes in time as LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers take on Mannequin Challenge during visit to the White House and get Michelle Obama to strike a pose Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned $13MILLION in one year' through endorsement deals Big bucks Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Showed off their understated style in NYC 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee The Young Mummy blogger says that in spite of the stretch marks, the excruciating pain and the migraines, she feels 'on top of the world' while expecting 'I am for reals sick': Amy Schumer postpones Baltimore show after 'heartbreaking' Clinton defeat Will return at later date   Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles The two-time Academy Award nominee  Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian 'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip The F1 champ Their romance is developing at an astonishing pace, and now Prince Harry's love is in London... is this the weekend Meghan is welcomed into the heart of the Royal family?  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards in Cannes Sharp suit  Shameless star Steve Howey 'berated Muslim nanny when she prayed in his home while his wife made her look at penis pics of A-list actor she was having an affair with', claims lawsuit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Can someone actually stop the motormouth? Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical The final curtain for the 'Godfather of gloom': Footage surfaces of Leonard Cohen's last EVER performance in New Zealand almost three years ago 'Never too late for a late post': Khloe Kardashian robs boyfriend Tristan Thompson's camouflage jacket to pose on Veteran's Day     DON'T MISS Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Wrapping up I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue 'He showed me how women should be treated and respected': Shanina Shaik takes a dig at her ex Tyson Beckford while gushing about fiancé DJ Ruckus Victoria's Secret model Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA She is 42 Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Extra presenter The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress The How We Do singer 'She's disrespectful and downright arrogant': The X Factor fans in Australia SLAM Iggy Azalea amid reports she has been given 'unkind nicknames' on set Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  British aristocrat 'I should be so lucky!': Prince Harry shows that 'worry over Meghan' hasn't got him down as he reveals Sydney will host Invictus Games in hilarious video featuring a Kylie Minogue ringtone ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' Beach babe! Bikini-clad Hilary Duff flashes her cleavage on a tropical getaway with her beau Jason Walsh Sexy poolside selfies by mom-of-one 'They turned out wonderfully!' Sylvester Stallone says he gives wife Jennifer Flavin 'all the credit' in raising their three daughters Accomplished trio I do! Adrienne Bailon marries gospel singer Israel Houghton in romantic wedding in Paris Tied the knot at a beautiful ceremony Batter up! Mark-Paul Gosselaar and co-star Kylie Bunbury pose completely NUDE in sexy new photos for baseball show Pitch Only wore guards 'We were both naked and had just met!' Evan Rachel Wood spills on steamy Gucci Guilty shoot with Chris Evans Talked about what it was like to be nude with him Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Duo, like the animals, came out at night Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Supportive friend  Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Not her usual floor-length gown White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC Turning heads  Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe just blocks from the beach   Heading to cooler climates? Kanye West bundles up in layers as catches flight out of LAX after Kim takes first picture of her and the children since heist  'Our democracy has it exactly right': Michelle Obama insists she is ready to leave the White House as she covers Vogue for the last time as First Lady Olivia Wilde holds her baby girl close as she and fiancé Jason Sudeikis enjoy a leisurely walk in NYC Welcomed daughter Daisy a month ago 'Time to turn words into action!': Katy Perry donates $10k to Planned Parenthood in face of Donald Trump's looming plan to defund the organization Throwback surprise! The View brings back original co-hosts Meredith Vieira, Debbie Matenopoulos and Star Jones for 20th anniversary Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album  Zayn Malik's ex No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Hello sunshine! Hailee Steinfeld, 19, stuns in yellow sheer number as she leads stars at Nickelodeon Halo Awards A sight to see  Crazy cardigan! Lea Michele dons interesting beige high-low cardigan while out and about in Los Angeles  Running errands in West Hollywood  Just one glance at the first picture of Brad Pitt since his split from Angelina and you can see the pain etched on his gaunt face, writes AMANDA PLATELL Sultan of seduction: He was known as the 'Godfather of gloom'. But Leonard Cohen, who's died at 82, was also rock's most sensual ladies' man  Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to filming UK dance contest Casual Meg Ryan goes incognito in a cap, sunglasses and long coat for a London shopping trip  Blended in with the crowd  Taking flight! Serena Williams takes comfort to new heights as she rocks green aviator onesie at LAX Tennis star or Top Gun fan? Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind the scenes 'He gave me a  back massage': Eddie Redmayne reveals Fantastic Beasts co-star Colin Farrell had to comfort him before 'intense'  Comic-Con  'Million Dollar Listing's Josh Flagg confesses to THREE nose jobs as David Parnes begrudgingly reveals why he went under the knife again 'I missed ya': Negan surprises Rick Grimes by arriving in Alexandria with Daryl in sneak peek of new The Walking Dead episode Season seven scene Mrs. Doubtfire home in San Francisco sells for $4.15 million Served as the settting for the popular 1993 film starring Robin Williams and Sally Fields  'We are enjoying our honeymoon!' Jinger Duggar and Jeremy Vuolo share first video after heading off on tour of Australia and New Zealand Her lips are STILL sealed! Former Miss Universe Jennifer Hawkins continues to keep quiet on President-elect Donald Trump 'Kisses, hugs and sex galore!': Real Housewives of Atlanta star Kim Zolciak celebrates fifth anniversary with husband Kroy Biermann  EXCLUSIVE: Elite schools, a $3m wedding and Fashion Police: How guilt-ridden Joan Rivers wooed daughter Melissa back after she blamed her for father's suicide  She's a low-key VIP! Jet setter Renee Zellweger lugs her own bags through airport  Proved she's just one of the people as she touched down at LAX Is this what Dream Kardashian will look like when she's older? Forensic artist imagines Rob and Blac Chyna's newborn baby in the future Val Kilmer gasps and struggles to speak while revealing he's cancelled upcoming tour after once again denying he has throat cancer  Concerns for actor Heidi Klum hits the runway in style as she dons patterned knit sweater and scarf after touching down at LAX Looked chic after her flight  'I never truly believed Trump could win': Lena Dunham admits she felt 'smug' at polling booth on election day... then broke out in hives after Clinton's defeat  Her favorite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  The 18-year-old was  back at Mauro's Cafe David Bowie's personal art collection sells for $304MILLION - more than twice the predicted figure  Buyers have snapped up pieces his vast works  Russell Crowe quietly lists lavish apartment he bought for $14.35M... as he and estranged wife Danielle Spencer get closer to a divorce settlement Case closed: Hogan's Heroes star Bob Crane's killer to be revealed LIVE on Monday after new DNA testing was done on murder weapon - 38 years after actor's death Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dashing as he chats his new role in J.K. Rowling's Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Oh baby! Bachelorette star Ashley Hebert and J.P. Rosenbaum step out for ice cream with son Fordham and newborn daughter Essex Reese Family treat The lap of luxury! Heather Dubrow debuts new web series offering a tour of her lavish walk-in wardrobe New YouTube series called Heather's Closet  'Can we stay in here for the next four years?': Hilarious reactions of Big Brother contestants who are the last six people in the US to know Trump will be president  Sorry America, we're not leaving! Celebrities who promised to leave for Canada decide to stay (so is it just a coincidence that Trump is planning tax cuts?)  'It's a myth that models don't eat': Heidi Klum, 43, sizzles in swimsuits as she reveals her body secrets Showcased her stunning physique 'Some of the nicest humans on the planet': Scott Eastwood says Sydney hospitality is 'off the charts' as Pacific Rim 2 co-star John Boyega takes in sights  Oscar-nominated Man From U.N.C.L.E. star Robert Vaughn dies aged 83 after brief battle with cancer Was surrounded by his family John Legend pays tribute to his 'beautiful wife and daughter' as baby Luna makes her starring debut in new music video for Love Me Now SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: What HAS happened to Kate Winslet's wonky eyebrows?  Her right was more arched than her left No wonder Harry's smiling! Prince looks forward to showing off new girlfriend Meghan Markle to the relatives as Charles and Camilla fly home  Today's headlines Most Read Trump gives wide-ranging first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage,... Ex-Goldman Sachs banker turned Breitbart News exec who once said he didn't want his daughters 'going to... 'Sometimes you just have to take a look in the mirror': Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway says Hillary... Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million illegal immigrants with criminal records - and... Reince Priebus AND Steven Bannon will lead Trump's White House: The Donald makes insider RNC head his chief... President-elect Trump can't put his billions into a blind trust because that would leave Ivanka, Eric, and... So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the New York Times, hours after promising to be... PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of violent anti-Trump protests in Portland  Will a Muslim Congressman head the DNC? Keith Ellison wins the support of Bernie Sanders and Harry Reid... A third of Hillary Clinton supporters DO NOT believe Donald Trump's victory was legitimate, new poll finds Trump promises to be 'restrained' on Twitter in his first TV interview as President-elect: The Donald says... Donald Trump tries to postpone fraud lawsuits against his defunct real estate university until AFTER he is... Mark Zuckerberg says it's 'extremely unlikely' fake news posted on Facebook swung the election for Trump and... Teacher who compared Trump's rise to Hitler is suspended from high school to keep students 'emotionally... 'Oh my God, I think America is racist!' Dave Chappelle is joined by Chris Rock as SNL mocks white privileged... 'Everything feels like it's upside down': Donald Trump's election victory leaves American Muslims reeling... Female Muslim immigrant who said she voted for Trump because she was tired of 'Obama dancing around radical... Trump's ex-wife Ivana announces her intentions to become ambassador to her native Czech Republic as she... Don't panic: House Speaker Paul Ryan tries to 'put people's minds at ease' when told some Americans are... Your gold and diamond door's worth more than my house! The riotous inside story of Farage's astonishing coup... Megyn Kelly claims Trump repeatedly offered her gifts and a free stay at his Florida estate in return for... PIERS MORGAN: They're not calling you a Ku Klux Klan loving loser now, my friend! Our man with a hotline to... Trump 'ditches Chris Christie over Bridgegate': President-elect is 'furious that New Jersey governor is... Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website'... Silicon Valley stars 'are set upon by two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after... 'I'm fed up and shutting this down!' Gabby Douglas' puts her foot down over cruel online trolls, vowing to... NATO chief warns that the West faces ‘the greatest challenge to our security in a generation’ if Trump... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey after media mogul tells everyone to 'take a... Internationally renowned Middle Eastern scholar at UC Berkeley is accused of sexually assaulting a student  MORE HEADLINES Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million illegal immigrants with criminal records - and insists he WILL build a wall (but part of it could be a fence) FBI 'ran 23 child pornography sites in a bid to lure and catch online predators', stunning unsealed documents reveal  'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon chokes up as she foregoes comedy and performs rendition of late Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah at beginning of SNL (without Alec Baldwin's Trump)  Hillary's last hurrah: Clinton greets her campaign staff one last time, admitting the last few days have been 'very, very tough' as it's claimed she was 'inconsolable' after crushing defeat to Trump  'Kill the police!' Anti-Trump protesters chant death threats at cops in Indianapolis, and demonstrators are tear-gassed in Portland as tens of thousands take to the street nationwide for fourth night of violence From a modest home built by her father to the future First Lady of the White House: Melania Trump is the daughter of a car parts salesman - but she always dreamed of a jet set lifestyle  So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the New York Times, hours after promising to be restrained online and thanks his former Never Trump enemies for congratulations  'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey after media mogul tells everyone to 'take a deep breath' following Trump's victory and says she has 'hope' for his presidency  Destructive tsunami waves hit New Zealand's South Island after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake strikes killing two people - as LOOTERS prey on vulnerable residents forced to leave their homes 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL - but says he's willing to give him a chance  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed $800 from her dad Reince Priebus AND Steven Bannon will lead Trump's White House: The Donald makes insider RNC head his chief of staff – but scorched earth practitioner is chief strategist and gets announced FIRST 'Oh my God, I think America is racist!' Dave Chappelle is joined by Chris Rock as SNL mocks white privileged Democrats' incredulous reaction to Trump's victory Film-maker Michael Moore is blocked by Secret Service on the fourth floor of Trump Tower from confronting President-elect - before joining thousands of protesters in the streets of New York  Trump 'ditches Chris Christie over Bridgegate': President-elect is 'furious that New Jersey governor is letting "soccer mom" aide go to jail over scandal' Female anti-bullying ambassador, 23, arrested at Trump Tower protest for pushing man, 74, to the ground in fight over the new President-elect  Was the Hillary hiking in the woods photo staged? Woman in the picture first met Clinton at a fundraiser her family hosted for ex-candidate  'Mr Trump is unfit to serve:' Almost THREE MILLION people sign a (doomed) petition for the Electoral College to make Hillary Clinton president Ripped female bodybuilder with an incredible 'ZERO per cent' body fat shows off her trim physique but sparks debate over whether she's healthy Trump promises to be 'restrained' on Twitter in his first TV interview as President-elect: The Donald says he'll tone down his social media commentary and describes Hillary's 'lovely' concession call President-elect Trump can't put his billions into a blind trust because that would leave Ivanka, Eric, and Don Jr. 'out of work,' top advisor says Married female basketball coach had sex with three high school students and sent them naked photographs Yoga expert, 37, accused of killing her identical twin sister by driving them off a 200-foot cliff in Hawaii is arrested on suspicion of murder AGAIN in New York after new evidence emerges People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opened up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and her most embarrassing television moment to date Photograph that Taylor Swift claims is evidence that radio DJ 'reached under her skirt and groped her' is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image Kept chained in a cage inside a container, fed just once a day and taken on walks to see her boyfriend's shallow grave: New details of South Carolina serial killer's captive and her ordeal emerge 'I won't take even one dollar': Donald Trump has said he will NOT accept the $400,000 president's salary 'My mother kicked me out because I voted for Donald Trump': Mom makes her young son pack a suitcase and leave after he opted for The Donald in a mock election at school Megyn Kelly claims Trump repeatedly offered her gifts and a free stay at his Florida estate in return for better coverage - and insists she wasn't the only journalist he tried to influence MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      

SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA Today Media More Home News Sports Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA Today Media social Follow Search firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 7 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Three people charged in connection with Walmart theft Two women face theft and drug related charges, a man faces receiving stolen property charge. Post to Facebook Three people charged in connection with Walmart theft Two women face theft and drug related charges, a man faces receiving stolen property charge.  Check out this story on chillicothegazette.com: http://ohne.ws/2e1qCvV {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Three people charged in connection with Walmart theft Gazette Staff 7:11 p.m. EDT October 10, 2016 File photo (Photo: Journal & Courier) 7 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE CHILLICOTHE - Three people were charged after a reported theft from Walmart Sunday morning. Cassandra L. Hacker, 26, of Chillicothe, was charged with theft, criminal trespassing, and possession of drug abuse instruments. Jennifer J. McDaniel, 34, of Waverly, was charged with theft and possession of drug abuse instruments. David D. Maynard Jr., 41, of Waverly, was charged with receiving stolen property. Chillicothe Police were called to Walmart at 8:05 a.m. Sunday after store loss prevention officials saw a woman concealing items in the store, according to police reports. The woman was later identified as Hacker, and was detained just outside the store. Officers found suspected clothing items inside a purse Hacker was carrying. As the officer was speaking with Hacker, store officials said another woman who was with Hacker, identified as McDaniel, was concealing items and attempting to cash a check that was not hers, reports show. McDaniel said the check belonged to her grandfather. A man approached the group and said he was waiting on the women after driving them to the store. The man was identified as Maynard, who said he didn’t know the women were allegedly stealing from Walmart, but later told police he returned a set of sheets one of the woman allegedly brought out to the car and received a gift card worth nearly $60 for them, according to reports. Officers searched his vehicle and found two purses where officers found a total of 27 hypodermic needles, two spoons, five blank checks and a prescription bottle with another man’s name on them. Hacker said the man gave checks and pills to her, reports indicated. Further charges are pending, but all three are expected to be arraigned in Chillicothe Municipal Court Tuesday. Read or Share this story: http://ohne.ws/2e1qCvV TOP VIDEOS Trump supporters speak up 1:57 Unioto's Jeff Metzler talks possible playoff berth 0:54 Cavaliers clinch playoff berth 0:43 Town hall addresses variety of heroin-related topics 1:49 Highlights from Adena's 34-14 win over Paint Valley 1:30 Highlights from Unioto's 34-33 win over Piketon 1:53 Unioto's Ryan Smith sends Tanks home a winner 0:06 Who killed Harry Smith? 1:05 Brown's Lawn and Garden Equipment security footage 0:41 ZT's Harris speaks after 31-0 win over Paint Valley 0:43 Piketon sweeps Peebles, focuses on Adena 1:00 Cavs sweep Blue Lions in SCOL action 1:14 Drug Sweep 8:25 Drug Sweep.mov 8:25 Sights and sounds of Honoring Our Heroes 1:08 Davis talks about historic night 0:49 1194th Returns 3:34 Sights & Sounds of Junior Fair Night 1:23 Healthy Children Event 1:19 Anti-discrimination rally 1:33 Luke Feeney speaks at DNC 1:28 Newark Post 85 edges Chillicothe Post 757 in pitchers' duel 1:08 Art of the Strikeout 1:27 Behind the scenes of Chillicothe fireworks 1:05 Armory Tour 2:20 Behind the scenes at "Tecumseh!" 1:25 Uncovering Camp Sherman 2:45 Memorial Day 2016 1:52 Washington Ave. house fire 0:31 Protest of prison farm sale 0:59 St. Mary Church restoration 1:47 Reactions to Community Intervention event 3:35 A Community Intervention 2:04 Visiting interventionist speaks to drug court participants 2:20 Mourners come together for six Pike County murder victims 0:53 Officials confront overdoses 1:36 Stranger donates kidney 0:16 Ohio pastor talks Christianity, 2016 presidential election 0:44 Police swear in new officers 0:58 Courthouse clock restored 1:35 Unioto tops Chillicothe for sectional title 1:01 Steps to using Narcan 1:07 Sheriff's office training simulator 1:12 Laurel Street shooting 0:58 Billy Ireland Cartoon Library and Museum 0:26 Deputy gets last chance agreement 3:23 Shop With a Cop 0:44 Unioto SCOPES program 1:51 Veterans section preview 2:08 Rutherford re-elected 0:15 Feeney thanks supporters 1:26 Corzine, Shoemaker elected to city school board 0:37 Sunday morning police chase 1:07 Artful Decisions 0:33 Carlisle building reopening 0:43 1194th Engineer Company call to duty 1013 0:33 Carlisle renovation sneak peek 1:19 Ross' Presidential Hopeful 2:21 Alex Adkins on making music 1:25 Bull Creek Homicide 1:02 Music & Memory 1:05 Junior Fair Night - Outhouse races 1:05 Fatal shooting 911 call 2:50 Waterfall at Tecumseh! 1:33 Plyleys Lane flooding 0:17 New search & rescue drone 1:51 Taking back the community 0:30 911 call: Body found in Highland County 1:57 No Dope, Just Hope 1:21 Operation Guardian Shield 1:34 Teacher spots 6-foot shark 0:47 Reporter attempts Tueller Drill 0:56 Tiffany Sayre's family present during investigation 2:02 Body found by Trego Creek Road 3:23 Cohen stars in surgery 1:00 Fatal Ohio Turnpike crash 1:15 Trees down on Watt Street 0:29 Trees down on Watt St. 0:29 Chillicothe storm 1:59 PRCTC student talks drones 1:33 Procedure for a STAT drug screening 3:43 Firefighters help teen 0:40 2015 Scioto Valley March of Dimes Ambassador Family 5:31 Ofc. Larry Cox: A hero to those how knew him 1:08 Veterans practice alternative healing 0:22 Walk In Her Shoes 1:18 Chillicothe Police pull family from burning vehicle 1:49 Winter Sports Awards Nominees Announced 1:42 Carlisle Building timelapse: 9 months of work shown in 150 seconds 2:36 Students help with fish fry 1:06 A lifetime of love 1:22 911 calls regarding South Hickory Street shooting 1:48 Bones Found At Bridge Street Mound 1:15 Ashley Davis trains with Tokey Hill 1:03 Reds Mesoraco Talks Baseball With Local Fan 1:47 Injury crash on U.S. 35 0:48 Active shooter training at Chillicothe H.S. 2:32 Foothill Folk Society gathers for jam session 1:24 Snowy Pedaling 1:04 Judge Ward Retires 1:18 More Stories Public records: Crime reports, fire/medic calls Nov. 11, 2016, 5:07 p.m. Three injured in Pike County crash Nov. 11, 2016, 2:37 p.m. November political cartoons from the USA TODAY Network Nov. 13, 2016, 8:45 a.m. Buckeyes could be tough call for playoff committee Nov. 13, 2016, 4 p.m.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America in first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage, Obamacare and THAT vow to punish Hillary The Ex-Goldman banker and Breitbart exec who once said he didn't want his daughters 'going to school with Jews': Meet Steve Bannon, Trump's chief strategist 'Sometimes you just have to take a look in the mirror': Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway says Hillary should blame HERSELF for historic loss rather than focusing on the role of the FBI Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million illegal immigrants with criminal records - and insists that he WILL build a border wall (but part of it could be a fence) Reince Priebus AND Steve Bannon will lead Trump's White House: Donald makes insider RNC head his chief of staff - but scorched earth practitioner is chief strategist and gets announced President-elect Trump can't put his billions into a blind trust because that would leave Ivanka, Eric, and Don Jr. 'out of work,' top advisor says So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the New York Times, hours after promising to be restrained online and thanks his former Never Trump enemies for congratulations  Now who is deplorable? Faces of the 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of violent anti-Trump protests in Portland Will a Muslim Congressman head the DNC? Keith Ellison wins the support of Bernie Sanders and Harry Reid before he has even announced his own candidacy A third of Hillary Clinton supporters DO NOT believe Donald Trump's victory was legitimate, new poll finds Trump promises to be 'restrained' on Twitter in his first TV interview as President-elect: The Donald says he'll tone down his social media commentary and describes Hillary's 'lovely' concession call Donald Trump tries to postpone fraud lawsuits against his defunct real estate university until AFTER he is sworn in as president  Mark Zuckerberg says it's 'extremely unlikely' fake news posted on Facebook swung the election for Trump and warns against the site 'becoming arbiters of the truth' Teacher who compared Trump's rise to Hitler is suspended from high school to keep students 'emotionally safe' 'We don't even need Ohio... I'm going to grab a Xanax': Dave Chapelle and Chris Rock mock overconfident white Clinton voters in SNL election night sketch 'Everything feels like it's upside down': Donald Trump's election victory leaves American Muslims reeling and scared Female Muslim immigrant who said she voted for Trump because she was tired of 'Obama dancing around radical Islam' is threatened Will Ivana Trump become ambassador to Czech Republic? Donald Trump's ex-wife announces her intentions to become diplomat to her home country Don't panic: House Speaker Paul Ryan tries to 'put people's minds at ease' when told some Americans are 'terrified' about President-elect Trump Your gold and diamond door's worth more than my house! The riotous inside story of Mr Brexit Nigel Farage's astonishing coup as he became first foreign politician to meet President-elect Trump  Megyn Kelly claims Trump repeatedly offered her gifts and a free stay at his Florida estate in return for better coverage - and insists she wasn't the only journalist he tried to influence PIERS MORGAN: They're not calling you a Ku Klux Klan loving loser now, my friend! Our man with a hotline to the Trumps on the week that shook the world  Trump 'ditches Chris Christie over Bridgegate': President-elect is 'furious that New Jersey governor is letting "soccer mom" aide go to jail over scandal' Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website' following election win Previous Next 'Right there in the checkout line': Walmart customers deliver woman's baby in aisle before help can arrive  The woman was shopping with her husband in a Payson, Utah Walmart She went into labor in the checkout line Customers stepped up to help deliver the baby which arrived before an ambulance  By Associated Press and Kiri Blakeley For Dailymail.com Published: 14:10 EST, 10 October 2016 | Updated: 11:37 EST, 11 October 2016 e-mail 19 shares 7 View comments A Walmart in Utah got a special delivery when a woman had her baby while in a checkout line. The unidentified woman was buying groceries with her husband and a relative on Sunday at the store in Payson when she went into labor. A woman was shopping with her husband in a Payson, Utah Walmart when she unexpectedly gave birth Payson Fire Department spokesman Terry Reilly says it was not the woman's first pregnancy and things 'progressed pretty rapidly.' 'The baby was delivered right there in the checkout line,' Reilly told The Daily Herald.  Employees and other customers had to help deliver the bundle, which eagerly came out into the world in the store before emergency crews arrived. In 2000's 'Where the Heart Is' Natalie Portman gives birth to a baby in a Tennessee Walmart, much like the unidentified woman in Utah who welcomed her bundle of joy in the checkout aisle RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Amazon, Walmart and Target pull offensive 'Tranny Granny'... Is Walmart building self-driving shopping carts? Patent... Share this article Share Customers called 911, but the impatient baby was in the Walmart aisle before EMS, according to KSL. Apparently everyone stayed very 'calm,' according to Reilly.  The mother and baby were taken to Mountain View Hospital in Payson, about 60 miles south of Salt Lake City. Both are reportedly doing fine. In the movie (based on the novel) Where the Heart Is, 17-year-old and seven-months pregnant Novalee Nation (played by Natalie Portman) stops into a Walmart in Sequoyah, Oklahoma with her boyfriend, who abandons her in the store with little money. Novalee secretly lives in the behemoth store and eventually has her baby, Americus, in aisle five of the Walmart, becoming a local celebrity.      Read more: New moms give birth on I-80 and in Payson Wal-Mart checkout line | KSL.com Healthy baby delivered in Payson Walmart checkout line | Payson News | heraldextra.com Share or comment on this article e-mail 19 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Havelock resident shocked as he films earthquake hitting NZ Trump supporter spews ignorant racist rant at young woman Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Michael Moore tries to meet with Trump at Trump Tower Mother kicks her young child out for voting Trump in school Clinton makes final appearance at campaign headquarters Nigel Farage avoids questions as he enters Trump Tower Dogs leaping through grass like antelope will cheer you up Bodybuilder with '0% body fat' flexes her muscles in the gym Road rage incident turns personal as drivers insult each other Terryfing video of ground shaking as earthquake hits Christchurch Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... FBI 'ran 23 child pornography sites in a bid to lure and... 'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon... Hillary's last hurrah: Clinton greets her campaign staff one... 'Kill the police!' Anti-Trump protesters chant death threats... From a modest home built by her father to the future First... So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Destructive tsunami waves hit New Zealand's South Island... 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave... Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business... Reince Priebus AND Steven Bannon will lead Trump's White... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'He wants to make America great again... and chicken fingers': The Daily Show jokes Trump's speechwriter could easily be a kid Sponsored Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Booty-ful day at the beach! RHOM star Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40 million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body Fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger admits he has 50 of the SAME outfit and doesn't wear the preppy sportswear from his own brand   Dressed in smart suits  Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Arrived statuesque and Golden  The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals More vacation antics  Resurrected! Dave Chappelle plays Negan in Walking Dead skit while hosting SNL... as well as a half dozen of his most famous characters Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Bella Thorne, 19,  is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Rocked two outfits  'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon chokes up as she foregoes comedy and performs rendition of late Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah on SNL EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot Turned heads with her racy poses  Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor showed off his biceps Bear Grylls backs down on his plans to build 25 beach huts at a Welsh beauty spot after angering locals Was in retreat about plans for 25 beach huts From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on chat show On British television  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on lifelong fatherhood aspirations He always wanted a baby Just Jane, for now: Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split 'I was a bit of a bastard': Rock and roll legend Phil Collins ADMITS to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' It's fash-cone, darling! Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat as she steps out in chilly NYC Wrapped up warm against the weather  Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Had arrived from London Blac Chyna's mom Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive... after second grandchild is born A very generous side Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA  Crossed paths! Andrew Garfield and runs into ex-girlfriend Emma Stone at Variety Studio Actors on Actors event in LA  Was it awkward? People wanted to kill me, says Harry's girl: Meghan talks to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and her most embarrassing TV moment to date  The Firm out in force: Kate and the Queen bring out their princes for a star-studded Festival of Remembrance at the Albert Hall  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot The security specialist Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website' following election win Disgraced host  Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London   Was speculation she would meet family Where's Meghan? Harry cheers on England at Twickenham but there's no sign of his new girlfriend (and he is sitting next to Princess Charlene of Monaco)  Happyness pursued: Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his day hard at work  Photograph that Taylor Swift claims is evidence that radio DJ 'reached under her skirt and groped her' is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Is on board of charity  In the navy! Jennifer Garner, 44, is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of star-studded  Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Wowed on arrival Calling the shots! Katie Holmes, 37, puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival Showed off her movie 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet The baby already has an Instagram account  Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital Seen in LA EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  She is 37 From a modest home  to the future First Lady: Melania Trump is the daughter of a car parts salesman - but she always dreamed of a jet set lifestyle  Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  A royal plea She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online She addressed the criticism  Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time Over the moon at family's new addition  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey Singer had broken down in his home state  Former Today show host Billy Bush is 'being courted by Breitbart to run their Hollywood coverage following Trump's victory' Comeback? Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle Died at her home in California  Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York All bundled up for a day in the city  'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber Quality family time  Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Partnered with Natalie Portman for event What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Hilary Duff showcased her killer abs  Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in Los Angeles  Her due date is getting close  Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Grey's Anatomy alum Katherine Heigl, 37, shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Fox news anchor under fire for a pro-Trump Facebook post that slammed Obama for making 'the entire country hate one another' Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack  It's Sgt Pepper's lost stars club band: Inspired by the iconic Beatles album cover, a touching tribute to list of celebrities who have died in 2016  'Bottoms up': Australian model Annabella Barber posts Kardashian inspired belfie... as model strips down to her pants for raunchy TOPLESS photo Film-maker Michael Moore calls on Donald Trump to STEP DOWN as President-elect - before joining thousands of protesters in the streets  She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror  Ripped female bodybuilder with an incredible 'ZERO per cent' body fat shows off her trim physique but sparks debate over whether she's healthy 'You can never be too careful with your safety':  Delta Goodrem reveals her stalker fear after she went to EXTREME lengths to lose a following vehicle Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood on Friday night 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Almost Famous star  Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon Married couple took in the scenery  Red hot! Australia The Bachelor's Rachael Gouvignon sets pulses racing in teeny bikini... as busty star goes for a swim after a run along the beach   REVIEW: Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Hotly anticipated  'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  He previously said  Trump is 'a punk' Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays her toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves the gym in LA The 21-year-old in-demand model  'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over two-year-old daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Already has a catwalk bug  Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event The 41-year-old redhead tried out a new look alongside co-stars  Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee donned Nike trainers Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose 'A little fishing with my guy' Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip On vacation  Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  A political twist  Help is on the way! Supergirl, The Flash, and Arrow unite for the biggest crossover event in CW superhero history It's in an epic four-day event Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The 30-year-old former O.C. star was unmissable  Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars The 43-year-old actress was beaming Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Working hard to make a name for herself  Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Jamie Oliver continued his pride in sweet snap Showstopper! Mariah Carey sizzles in sexy skin tight jumpsuit and animal print heels for night on the town The 46-year-old was in Los Angeles  Trump gets the last laugh: Alec Baldwin WON'T play The Donald on this week's SNL - and could ditch the part forever Won't reprise role  'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Her own demonstration Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil The First Lady freezes in time as LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers take on Mannequin Challenge during visit to the White House and get Michelle Obama to strike a pose Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned $13MILLION in one year' through endorsement deals Big bucks Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Showed off their understated style in NYC 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee The Young Mummy blogger says that in spite of the stretch marks, the excruciating pain and the migraines, she feels 'on top of the world' while expecting 'I am for reals sick': Amy Schumer postpones Baltimore show after 'heartbreaking' Clinton defeat Will return at later date   Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles The two-time Academy Award nominee  Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian 'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip The F1 champ Their romance is developing at an astonishing pace, and now Prince Harry's love is in London... is this the weekend Meghan is welcomed into the heart of the Royal family?  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards in Cannes Sharp suit  Shameless star Steve Howey 'berated Muslim nanny when she prayed in his home while his wife made her look at penis pics of A-list actor she was having an affair with', claims lawsuit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Can someone actually stop the motormouth? Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical The final curtain for the 'Godfather of gloom': Footage surfaces of Leonard Cohen's last EVER performance in New Zealand almost three years ago 'Never too late for a late post': Khloe Kardashian robs boyfriend Tristan Thompson's camouflage jacket to pose on Veteran's Day     DON'T MISS Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Wrapping up I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue 'He showed me how women should be treated and respected': Shanina Shaik takes a dig at her ex Tyson Beckford while gushing about fiancé DJ Ruckus Victoria's Secret model Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA She is 42 Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Extra presenter The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress The How We Do singer 'She's disrespectful and downright arrogant': The X Factor fans in Australia SLAM Iggy Azalea amid reports she has been given 'unkind nicknames' on set Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  British aristocrat 'I should be so lucky!': Prince Harry shows that 'worry over Meghan' hasn't got him down as he reveals Sydney will host Invictus Games in hilarious video featuring a Kylie Minogue ringtone ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' Beach babe! Bikini-clad Hilary Duff flashes her cleavage on a tropical getaway with her beau Jason Walsh Sexy poolside selfies by mom-of-one 'They turned out wonderfully!' Sylvester Stallone says he gives wife Jennifer Flavin 'all the credit' in raising their three daughters Accomplished trio I do! Adrienne Bailon marries gospel singer Israel Houghton in romantic wedding in Paris Tied the knot at a beautiful ceremony Batter up! Mark-Paul Gosselaar and co-star Kylie Bunbury pose completely NUDE in sexy new photos for baseball show Pitch Only wore guards 'We were both naked and had just met!' Evan Rachel Wood spills on steamy Gucci Guilty shoot with Chris Evans Talked about what it was like to be nude with him Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Duo, like the animals, came out at night Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Supportive friend  Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Not her usual floor-length gown White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC Turning heads  Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe just blocks from the beach   Heading to cooler climates? Kanye West bundles up in layers as catches flight out of LAX after Kim takes first picture of her and the children since heist  'Our democracy has it exactly right': Michelle Obama insists she is ready to leave the White House as she covers Vogue for the last time as First Lady Olivia Wilde holds her baby girl close as she and fiancé Jason Sudeikis enjoy a leisurely walk in NYC Welcomed daughter Daisy a month ago 'Time to turn words into action!': Katy Perry donates $10k to Planned Parenthood in face of Donald Trump's looming plan to defund the organization Throwback surprise! The View brings back original co-hosts Meredith Vieira, Debbie Matenopoulos and Star Jones for 20th anniversary Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album  Zayn Malik's ex No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Hello sunshine! Hailee Steinfeld, 19, stuns in yellow sheer number as she leads stars at Nickelodeon Halo Awards A sight to see  Crazy cardigan! Lea Michele dons interesting beige high-low cardigan while out and about in Los Angeles  Running errands in West Hollywood  Just one glance at the first picture of Brad Pitt since his split from Angelina and you can see the pain etched on his gaunt face, writes AMANDA PLATELL Sultan of seduction: He was known as the 'Godfather of gloom'. But Leonard Cohen, who's died at 82, was also rock's most sensual ladies' man  Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to filming UK dance contest Casual Meg Ryan goes incognito in a cap, sunglasses and long coat for a London shopping trip  Blended in with the crowd  Taking flight! Serena Williams takes comfort to new heights as she rocks green aviator onesie at LAX Tennis star or Top Gun fan? Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind the scenes 'He gave me a  back massage': Eddie Redmayne reveals Fantastic Beasts co-star Colin Farrell had to comfort him before 'intense'  Comic-Con  'Million Dollar Listing's Josh Flagg confesses to THREE nose jobs as David Parnes begrudgingly reveals why he went under the knife again 'I missed ya': Negan surprises Rick Grimes by arriving in Alexandria with Daryl in sneak peek of new The Walking Dead episode Season seven scene Mrs. Doubtfire home in San Francisco sells for $4.15 million Served as the settting for the popular 1993 film starring Robin Williams and Sally Fields  'We are enjoying our honeymoon!' Jinger Duggar and Jeremy Vuolo share first video after heading off on tour of Australia and New Zealand Her lips are STILL sealed! Former Miss Universe Jennifer Hawkins continues to keep quiet on President-elect Donald Trump 'Kisses, hugs and sex galore!': Real Housewives of Atlanta star Kim Zolciak celebrates fifth anniversary with husband Kroy Biermann  EXCLUSIVE: Elite schools, a $3m wedding and Fashion Police: How guilt-ridden Joan Rivers wooed daughter Melissa back after she blamed her for father's suicide  She's a low-key VIP! Jet setter Renee Zellweger lugs her own bags through airport  Proved she's just one of the people as she touched down at LAX Is this what Dream Kardashian will look like when she's older? Forensic artist imagines Rob and Blac Chyna's newborn baby in the future Val Kilmer gasps and struggles to speak while revealing he's cancelled upcoming tour after once again denying he has throat cancer  Concerns for actor Heidi Klum hits the runway in style as she dons patterned knit sweater and scarf after touching down at LAX Looked chic after her flight  'I never truly believed Trump could win': Lena Dunham admits she felt 'smug' at polling booth on election day... then broke out in hives after Clinton's defeat  Her favorite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  The 18-year-old was  back at Mauro's Cafe David Bowie's personal art collection sells for $304MILLION - more than twice the predicted figure  Buyers have snapped up pieces his vast works  Russell Crowe quietly lists lavish apartment he bought for $14.35M... as he and estranged wife Danielle Spencer get closer to a divorce settlement Case closed: Hogan's Heroes star Bob Crane's killer to be revealed LIVE on Monday after new DNA testing was done on murder weapon - 38 years after actor's death Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dashing as he chats his new role in J.K. Rowling's Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Oh baby! Bachelorette star Ashley Hebert and J.P. Rosenbaum step out for ice cream with son Fordham and newborn daughter Essex Reese Family treat The lap of luxury! Heather Dubrow debuts new web series offering a tour of her lavish walk-in wardrobe New YouTube series called Heather's Closet  'Can we stay in here for the next four years?': Hilarious reactions of Big Brother contestants who are the last six people in the US to know Trump will be president  Sorry America, we're not leaving! Celebrities who promised to leave for Canada decide to stay (so is it just a coincidence that Trump is planning tax cuts?)  'It's a myth that models don't eat': Heidi Klum, 43, sizzles in swimsuits as she reveals her body secrets Showcased her stunning physique 'Some of the nicest humans on the planet': Scott Eastwood says Sydney hospitality is 'off the charts' as Pacific Rim 2 co-star John Boyega takes in sights  Oscar-nominated Man From U.N.C.L.E. star Robert Vaughn dies aged 83 after brief battle with cancer Was surrounded by his family John Legend pays tribute to his 'beautiful wife and daughter' as baby Luna makes her starring debut in new music video for Love Me Now SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: What HAS happened to Kate Winslet's wonky eyebrows?  Her right was more arched than her left No wonder Harry's smiling! Prince looks forward to showing off new girlfriend Meghan Markle to the relatives as Charles and Camilla fly home  Today's headlines Most Read Trump gives wide-ranging first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage,... Ex-Goldman Sachs banker turned Breitbart News exec who once said he didn't want his daughters 'going to... 'Sometimes you just have to take a look in the mirror': Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway says Hillary... Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million illegal immigrants with criminal records - and... Reince Priebus AND Steven Bannon will lead Trump's White House: The Donald makes insider RNC head his chief... President-elect Trump can't put his billions into a blind trust because that would leave Ivanka, Eric, and... So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the New York Times, hours after promising to be... PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of violent anti-Trump protests in Portland  Will a Muslim Congressman head the DNC? Keith Ellison wins the support of Bernie Sanders and Harry Reid... A third of Hillary Clinton supporters DO NOT believe Donald Trump's victory was legitimate, new poll finds Trump promises to be 'restrained' on Twitter in his first TV interview as President-elect: The Donald says... Donald Trump tries to postpone fraud lawsuits against his defunct real estate university until AFTER he is... Mark Zuckerberg says it's 'extremely unlikely' fake news posted on Facebook swung the election for Trump and... Teacher who compared Trump's rise to Hitler is suspended from high school to keep students 'emotionally... 'Oh my God, I think America is racist!' Dave Chappelle is joined by Chris Rock as SNL mocks white privileged... 'Everything feels like it's upside down': Donald Trump's election victory leaves American Muslims reeling... Female Muslim immigrant who said she voted for Trump because she was tired of 'Obama dancing around radical... Trump's ex-wife Ivana announces her intentions to become ambassador to her native Czech Republic as she... Don't panic: House Speaker Paul Ryan tries to 'put people's minds at ease' when told some Americans are... Your gold and diamond door's worth more than my house! The riotous inside story of Farage's astonishing coup... Megyn Kelly claims Trump repeatedly offered her gifts and a free stay at his Florida estate in return for... PIERS MORGAN: They're not calling you a Ku Klux Klan loving loser now, my friend! Our man with a hotline to... Trump 'ditches Chris Christie over Bridgegate': President-elect is 'furious that New Jersey governor is... Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website'... Silicon Valley stars 'are set upon by two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after... 'I'm fed up and shutting this down!' Gabby Douglas' puts her foot down over cruel online trolls, vowing to... NATO chief warns that the West faces ‘the greatest challenge to our security in a generation’ if Trump... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey after media mogul tells everyone to 'take a... Internationally renowned Middle Eastern scholar at UC Berkeley is accused of sexually assaulting a student  MORE HEADLINES Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million illegal immigrants with criminal records - and insists he WILL build a wall (but part of it could be a fence) FBI 'ran 23 child pornography sites in a bid to lure and catch online predators', stunning unsealed documents reveal  'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon chokes up as she foregoes comedy and performs rendition of late Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah at beginning of SNL (without Alec Baldwin's Trump)  Hillary's last hurrah: Clinton greets her campaign staff one last time, admitting the last few days have been 'very, very tough' as it's claimed she was 'inconsolable' after crushing defeat to Trump  'Kill the police!' Anti-Trump protesters chant death threats at cops in Indianapolis, and demonstrators are tear-gassed in Portland as tens of thousands take to the street nationwide for fourth night of violence From a modest home built by her father to the future First Lady of the White House: Melania Trump is the daughter of a car parts salesman - but she always dreamed of a jet set lifestyle  So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the New York Times, hours after promising to be restrained online and thanks his former Never Trump enemies for congratulations  'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey after media mogul tells everyone to 'take a deep breath' following Trump's victory and says she has 'hope' for his presidency  Destructive tsunami waves hit New Zealand's South Island after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake strikes killing two people - as LOOTERS prey on vulnerable residents forced to leave their homes 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL - but says he's willing to give him a chance  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed $800 from her dad Reince Priebus AND Steven Bannon will lead Trump's White House: The Donald makes insider RNC head his chief of staff – but scorched earth practitioner is chief strategist and gets announced FIRST 'Oh my God, I think America is racist!' Dave Chappelle is joined by Chris Rock as SNL mocks white privileged Democrats' incredulous reaction to Trump's victory Film-maker Michael Moore is blocked by Secret Service on the fourth floor of Trump Tower from confronting President-elect - before joining thousands of protesters in the streets of New York  Trump 'ditches Chris Christie over Bridgegate': President-elect is 'furious that New Jersey governor is letting "soccer mom" aide go to jail over scandal' Female anti-bullying ambassador, 23, arrested at Trump Tower protest for pushing man, 74, to the ground in fight over the new President-elect  Was the Hillary hiking in the woods photo staged? Woman in the picture first met Clinton at a fundraiser her family hosted for ex-candidate  'Mr Trump is unfit to serve:' Almost THREE MILLION people sign a (doomed) petition for the Electoral College to make Hillary Clinton president Ripped female bodybuilder with an incredible 'ZERO per cent' body fat shows off her trim physique but sparks debate over whether she's healthy Trump promises to be 'restrained' on Twitter in his first TV interview as President-elect: The Donald says he'll tone down his social media commentary and describes Hillary's 'lovely' concession call President-elect Trump can't put his billions into a blind trust because that would leave Ivanka, Eric, and Don Jr. 'out of work,' top advisor says Married female basketball coach had sex with three high school students and sent them naked photographs Yoga expert, 37, accused of killing her identical twin sister by driving them off a 200-foot cliff in Hawaii is arrested on suspicion of murder AGAIN in New York after new evidence emerges People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opened up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and her most embarrassing television moment to date Photograph that Taylor Swift claims is evidence that radio DJ 'reached under her skirt and groped her' is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image Kept chained in a cage inside a container, fed just once a day and taken on walks to see her boyfriend's shallow grave: New details of South Carolina serial killer's captive and her ordeal emerge 'I won't take even one dollar': Donald Trump has said he will NOT accept the $400,000 president's salary 'My mother kicked me out because I voted for Donald Trump': Mom makes her young son pack a suitcase and leave after he opted for The Donald in a mock election at school Megyn Kelly claims Trump repeatedly offered her gifts and a free stay at his Florida estate in return for better coverage - and insists she wasn't the only journalist he tried to influence MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Election 2016 Tracking Poll Commentary Election 2016 Columnists IBD/TIPP Poll Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Market Trend Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Election 2016 Tracking Poll Commentary Election 2016 Columnists IBD/TIPP Poll Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? Stock Market Today Stocks Up In Fading Trade; Solar Could Be Clinton Play PAUL WHITFIELD 10/10/2016 Reprints Loading the player... U.S. stock indexes posted solid price gains Monday, but volume fell far off Friday's already lackluster pace. The Nasdaq rose 0.7%, while the S&P 500 and the blue chip Dow Jones industrial average each gained 0.5%. The small cap S&P 600 led with a 1% gain. Volume in the stock market today ran about 20% lower on the NYSE and about 15% lower on the Nasdaq. On the Nasdaq, volume fell for the third session in a row. Blue chips were mostly up. In the 30-stock Dow, Apple (AAPL) and Exxon Mobil (XOM) led the pack with 2% gains each. The day's worst performer in the Dow was Wal-Mart Stores (WMT), which fell 1% in soft trade. Wal-Mart has fallen in six consecutive sessions. On Friday, RBC Capital lowered the price target on Wal-Mart from 76 to 75 with an underperform rating. IBD's TAKE: If the individual investor wants to win in investing, a stock with a tailwind is important. Three things help the investor identify a tailwind. Among IBD's 197 industry groups, energy-related stocks grabbed six of the top 10 spots. The beaten-down solar stocks did well. The solar group climbed about 3%. Solar stocks do better when the price of oil is high, making the green energy sources more competitive with oil. West Texas intermediate crude oil rose about 2% Monday, bringing it above $51 a barrel. Solar companies also could benefit if Hillary Clinton wins the presidential election. Clinton is promising subsidies for solar that could cost anywhere from $27 billion to $62 billion, according to analysts. With last year's federal deficit coming in at $440 billion and fiscal 2016's estimated at $588 billion, it isn't clear where the money for the wealth transfer to solar would come from. But the stock market is unlikely to care, just as long as it comes. The solar stock group has room to run, if it is fired up. The group declined about 70% from its September 2014 high. None of the solar stocks is highly rated. Big gainers Monday included low-priced August 2015 initial public offering Sunrun (RUN), up 7% in strong volume and SolarCity (SCTY), up 6% in soft trade. Oil and natural gas explorers and producers offer higher-rated stocks than the solar camp. Of the five oil stocks in the explorer and producer group with a Composite Rating of 90 or better, two rose 2% or more. Callon Petroleum (CPE) popped about 3%; and Parsley Energy (PE), 2.5%. The Composite Rating combines all five IBD ratings into a single number. A rating of 90 means the stock is rated in the top 10 percentile among all the stocks in IBD's database. RELATED: Oil Stocks That Are Looking Good Samsung's Fires Could Benefit Apple PAUL WHITFIELD | Facebook | @/IBD_Pwhitfield Share this: Related news Why You Should Watch Apple, Microsoft, Facebook, Disney, Nordstrom 8:00 AM ET Apple, Microsoft and Nordstrom criss-crossed buy zones as Disney and Facebook are moving in opposite ways at their 200-day lines. 8:00 AM ET Apple, Microsoft and Nordstrom criss-crossed buy zones as Disney and... Profit Recession Over, Here Comes The Best Earnings Growth Since 2014 Fed's Yellen, Salesforce, Cisco, Retailers Lead Investing Action Plan Wireless Headphones, 4K TVs, Drones Top Christmas Wish Lists Microsoft, Papa John's, Proofpoint: Top Stocks Back In Buy Range Stocks End Mixed; Which Small-Caps Sprinted Past Apple This Week? Fresh Doubts On OPEC Production-Cut Deal Drill Oil Stocks Oil Prices Extend Slide As OPEC Output, U.S. Rigs Climb Dow Soars To High On Trump; Big Techs, Gold Lag: Week In Review Today's Spotlight Las Vegas Traders Expo Join IBD for free investing workshops and get product trying at our booth. Portfolio Management Webinar Join us and learn how to maximize your results by rotating cash into your best-performing stocks. Try SwingTrader Free Our new product applies IBD’s CAN SLIM Investing System to help you capture short term trends. More News President-elect Donald Trump smiles as he arrives to speak at an election night rally in New York on Nov. 9, 2016. (AP) The Case For A Trump Bull Market In Stocks JPMorgan and other financials had strong Q3 results, with investors betting on much better days ahead. (iStockphoto) Profit Recession Over, Here Comes The Best Earnings Growth Since 2014 Exploring independence: Why do advisors choose the RIA model? Promoted Content By Schwab Advisor Services Special Report Today's advisors harness technology to enhance almost every aspect of their practice. (Jeff Goertzen) Financial Advisors See why becoming tech savvy is a must for today's successful financial advisors. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
    Home | About | Archives | Sponsorship | Contact Us | Submit / Suggest            Walmart Is Radically Slowing New Store Openings by Phil Wahba, Fortune Posted: Monday, October 10, 2016 at 3:22PM EDT Walmart said on Thursday it would slow the pace of new store openings to better shift its focus on building up its online muscle, improve its existing stores and invest in tech. The discount retailer, which operates about 4,500 U.S. stores, outlined its plans to Wall Street analysts for continuing to improve its results in the coming years. Last quarter, Walmart’s U.S. comparable sales rose 1.6% (handily beating rival Target, rising for the eighth straight quarter. But it facing aggressive competitors online and offline, and Walmart has been aggressive about cutting prices to fend them off. Yet Walmart’s $14 billion a year e-commerce business is barely one-sixth the size of Amazon.com’s, adding to the pressure on Walmart. (Last month, Walmart closed on its $3 billion buyout of fast online retailer Jet.com to beef up its e-commerce.) To read the rest of the story, please go to: Fortune Print Article Send Article Respond Permalink Share Article   del.icio.us   Facebook   Newsvine   LinkedIn   Reddit   StumbleUpon   Twitter Bakery  Dairy  Deli  Floral   Meat & Poultry  Produce  Seafood  Retail & Foodsvc             Got News? Send your latest press releases and announcements to RetailPR@PerishableNews.com © 2016 Phoenix Media Network Inc., All Rights Reserved
Sunday, November 13, 2016 Email alerts e-Edition Apps Subscriptions Recent Stories Las Vegas Review-Journal The most reliable source for Las Vegas news Las Vegas Review-Journal Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube   Search this site Home News Education Politics & Government Nevada Clark County Las Vegas Government salaries Nation/World Science/Technology Military Special Features Deadly Force Death in Las Vegas Delivering a New Downtown Neon Rebirth Columnists Jane Ann Morrison On Education Paul Harasim Road Warrior Vegas Vice Local Las Vegas Downtown The Strip Henderson North Las Vegas Summerlin Southwest East Valley Nevada Restaurant inspections Columnists Bob Morris Terri Schlichenmeyer Deborah Wall Herb Jaffe John Asay Sports Betting UNLV Football Basketball Other Sports Football Gameday Basketball Gameday NFL in Vegas NHL in Vegas 51s/Baseball Golf Shriners Open MMA/UFC Nevada Preps Motor Sports NASCAR NHRA Races Columnists Ed Graney Matt Youmans Ron Kantowski Richard Eng Brian Hurlburt In The Outdoors More Sports Football Basketball Boxing Rodeo Business Casinos & Gaming Energy Housing/Real Estate Stadium Entrepreneurs Tourism Columnists Inside Gaming Real Estate Insider Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists Charles Krauthammer Steve Sebelius Wayne Allyn Root Crime Courts Homicides Homicide map Robberies Sex crimes Shootings Stabbings Entertainment Arts & Culture Celebrity Food Events Movies Nightlife Shows Music TV TV Guide Columnists Christopher Lawrence Doug Elfman Heidi Knapp Rinella John Katsilometes Mike Weatherford Robin Leach Sounding Off Trip of the Week Life Fashion Health Home and Garden Recreation Religion Travel Comics Games Video Obits Today's Obituaries Submit an obit Autos Auto News Dealer News The Auto Mag Classifieds Place a Classified Homes Real Estate News Real Estate Millions Commercial Classifieds Place a Classified Jobs Log in Post a job Job Fairs Classifieds Legals Coupons Contests Deals Service Directory Print Display Ads Nifty Nickel FAQ   You are here Home » Business » Retail US retail sales up 0.6...Mall of America to close...     Posted October 10, 2016 - 1:42pm Wal-Mart, Food 4 Less closings strand many in Las Vegas Valley Wal-Mart, Food 4 Less closings strand many in Las Vegas Valleyvideo_7048864_0.mov Wal-Mart's January departure from a neighborhood near Nellis Air Force Base surprised brokers and residents alike and left the area with few nearby grocery options. (Alex Corey/Las Vegas Review-Journal) Wal-Mart, Food 4 Less closings strand many in Las Vegas ValleyBuy Photo A woman crosses through the parking lot of a former Walmart location at 4350 N. Nellis Blvd. in Las Vegas on Thursday, Sept. 22, 2016. Chase Stevens/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @csstevensphoto Wal-Mart, Food 4 Less closings strand many in Las Vegas ValleyBuy Photo A woman crosses through the parking lot of a former Walmart location at 4350 N. Nellis Blvd. in Las Vegas on Thursday, Sept. 22, 2016. Chase Stevens/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @csstevensphoto Wal-Mart, Food 4 Less closings strand many in Las Vegas ValleyBuy Photo A former Walmart location is shown at 4350 N. Nellis Blvd. in Las Vegas on Thursday, Sept. 22, 2016. Chase Stevens/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @csstevensphoto Wal-Mart, Food 4 Less closings strand many in Las Vegas ValleyBuy Photo A former Walmart location is shown at 4350 N. Nellis Blvd. in Las Vegas on Thursday, Sept. 22, 2016. Chase Stevens/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @csstevensphoto Wal-Mart, Food 4 Less closings strand many in Las Vegas ValleyBuy Photo People make their way across the parking lot of a former Walmart location at 4350 N. Nellis Blvd. in Las Vegas on Thursday, Sept. 22, 2016. Chase Stevens/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @csstevensphoto Wal-Mart, Food 4 Less closings strand many in Las Vegas ValleyBuy Photo Trashed furniture sits in the parking lot of a former Walmart location at 4350 N. Nellis Blvd. in Las Vegas on Thursday, Sept. 22, 2016. Chase Stevens/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @csstevensphoto By ALEXANDER S. COREY LAS VEGAS REVIEW-JOURNAL On a recent Friday, a woman took count of the stream of people funneling into a church food bank. She waved on those she recognized, checking them into a spreadsheet on her laptop, and requested an ID from those she didn’t. In recent months, there had been a lot of new faces. The woman taking count, Margaret Whipple, is secretary of Nellis Baptist Church, which sits directly across from a vacant Wal-Mart in the northeast part of the valley. The brand’s January departure from this neighborhood near Nellis Air Force Base surprised brokers and residents alike and left the area with few nearby grocery options. The local closure was part of a larger plan that shuttered 154 stores nationally and 115 in Latin America. The company said in a January statement that the closures followed a review of its properties that considered factors including “financial performance” and “strategic alignment with long-term plans.” Whipple said attendance at her food ministry has almost doubled since Wal-Mart closed. “We give them what we can, but it’s not always enough,” Whipple said. According to Three Square Food bank data, over the six months preceding October 2016, Nellis Baptist Church increased its food distribution to more than 112,000 pounds, an increase of approximately 43 percent, compared with the same period last year. The location of the former Wal-Mart falls within the 89115 ZIP code, which is among the most food-insecure places in the valley, according to a 2015 map by Three Square Food Bank. A map from the Department of Agriculture also puts the area in a “food desert.” The department considers urban areas with high population concentrations that are more than 1 mile from a grocery store to be lacking in access. In rural areas, the distance is 10 miles. In 2015, a Food 4 Less closed just three miles south of the Wal-Mart. Kit Graski, director with ROI Commercial Real Estate, which represents the landlord, said no one has moved in, but his team is in talks with a grocer. On a recent Friday afternoon, the parking lot of the Wal-Mart was empty except for a security patrol car parked on the store’s front curb. The faint outline of the company logo was visible against the brown stone wall outside. Broker Douglas Albright of Albright Callister & Associates, which represents Wal-Mart, said the building was for sale but that nothing was under contract yet. Skylar and Alejandra, a young couple that live in the neighborhood, said they have frequented the food bank more often since Wal-Mart’s closure. The couple, who asked to be identified by their first names, said the food bank was helpful but didn’t have a lot of vegetables or meat. Skylar said they take the bus to grocery options farther down Nellis Boulevard, but bringing a lot of groceries back can be difficult, even if they bring a backpack to carry them. Standing on the street across from the vacant Wal-Mart, Skylar said he was hopeful that another grocer would move into the property. “It would make things a lot easier,” Skylar said. Jerad, 27, who lives in apartments directly across from the Wal-Mart and who also declined to give his last name, said he frequented the store up to three times a month before it closed. To get baby formula and groceries, Jerad said he now takes the bus or comes to the food bank “to see what kind of help I can get.” ‘FORGOTTEN CORNER’ The food “desert” also has caught the attention of nearby elementary school principals. Anthony Nuñez, principal of Manch elementary school, a block east of the Wal-Mart, said his school has about 100 students that qualify as homeless and sends about 100 bags of food home with students every week. The Wal-Mart was significant for the community, Nuñez said, because it was within walking distance in a neighborhood where many lack personal transportation. Louis Markouzis, principal of Lowman Elementary School, just south of Manch, said that it has become a struggle for residents to get basic living essentials. “Our families now have to go miles and miles away to do that,” said Markouzis. Markouzis said the neighborhood stands in contrast to other parts of the valley, where many take for granted having access to nearby grocery stores. “It’s almost like the forgotten corner of the city,” said Markouzis. At both schools, 100 percent of students qualify for free breakfast and lunch. Dan Williams, chief operating officer of Three Square Food Bank, said there are several factors that contribute to the area’s food-insecure designation. “No grocery stores,” he said. “That is the main factor. When you look at impoverished neighborhoods, you don’t see a lot of retail chains entering those markets.” That void translates into a lack of access to a wide variety of foods, which results in people leaning more on convenience stores, according to Williams. Convenience stores end up patching up some of that food insecurity because they accept EBT or food stamps, said Williams. Many resident in low-income neighborhoods lack reliable access to transportation or can’t carry as many groceries on the bus, he also said. To combat food-insecurity issues in the area, Three Square works with Nellis Baptist Church to distribute food there. “(There are) a lot of barriers that food-insecure people are up against,” said Williams. Contact Alexander S. Corey at acorey@reviewjournal.com or 702-383-0270. Find @acoreynews on Twitter. US retail sales up 0.6...Mall of America to close...   Submit a News Tip Most Popular Don’t blame racism, sexism for Trump’s win Coroner identifies man shot, killed during attempted robbery at 7-Eleven How to watch UNLV football vs. Wyoming Saturday Judge calls Strip rape ‘incredibly horrible,’ sends men to prison for decades MGM Resorts’ controversial parking policy still on local minds Columnists Features Steve Sebelius Why did Heck lose?   Inside Gaming MGM Resorts’ controversial parking policy still on local minds   Steve Sebelius Inside some of the numbers of election 2016   Paul Harasim Living on the edge doesn’t make life more precious for Marine Corps veteran   More Columnists NFL Team Bar Directory Here is the Review-Journal's 2016 directory of NFL team bars in the Las Vegas area.   Electric Daisy Carnival The world’s largest dance music event   Hockey in Vegas A look at NHL expansion news in the Silver State.   Neon Rebirth The post-recession American Dream in Las Vegas   More Features   CALENDAR SUN 13 MON 14 TUE 15 WED 16 THU 17 FRI 18 SAT 19 A All Week   Loading... Search     Tweets from https://twitter.com/reviewjournal/lists/rj-business   Connect Contact us Letter to the Editor Jobs at the RJ Submit a News Tip Services Subscriptions Put the paper on hold Report a delivery problem eNewsletter Sign Up Solutions Advertise with us Place a classified ad FAQs Staff Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube Information Traffic Weather   Copyright ©Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. • Privacy Policy
null
About InformerMG Informer Cities Austin Hawaii Houston Las Vegas Los Angeles San Antonio San Diego San Francisco Contribute A Story Email InformerMG Advertise With InformerMG Home A&E Lifestyles of Extraordinary People Movie Reviews Vegas Stars Business Local Business Owners Health & Wellness Workout with Iyan Wellness Lifestyle Being Vegan Empowerment Column From the Chef Real Estate Style & Design The Easy Chef Travel & Leisure Sports Smacktalk Nightlife Celebrity Sightings/NIghtlife Tech Bitcoin Buzz News Room City News Blog Connection Galleries Opinion/Columns Politics World News Informer Podcasts Informer TV Las Vegas Man Fashion & Beauty Seva, fast-casual spa, features convenience and affordability October 10, 2016  |   Filed under: Fashion & Beauty,Featured  |   Posted by: Debbie Hall By Debbie Hall, Informer Media Group Seva, the first fast-causal spa, understands that people really need to look their best. Pictures including selfies are now a part of daily life along with professional appearance and personal pride. But many times beauty services are either priced out of reach or just don’t fit into a budget. But Seva offers services such as brow shaping and tinting, eyelash extensions and makeup at an affordable price. Compared to a cup of a brand-named coffee, the services are comparable price and last much longer. Seva recently held its grand opening for its Las Vegas location in Walmart in Centennial Hills. The line was long as women waited for the spa to open and chairs filled up almost immediately. Owner-operator Douglas Grant invested in the national franchise because of its business model. “It takes small related services that are generally very expensive and making them affordable so everyone can look their best.” He wanted his business inside Walmart, “which offers foot traffic. We can offer beauty services to the shoppers of Walmart at prices they can afford.” His background is sales and television production before changing his career with his new business. Kari Comrov, chief of staff for Seva, attended the grand opening and told Informer.com “Las Vegas is just an amazing market for women to be able to afford services at great prices. Our mantra is ‘Beauty to the People’ so we are excited to bring beauty to people in Southern Nevada.” With its new innovation as a fast-casual spa, Comrov explained, “Google ‘fast casual spa’ and Seva is the only entry that comes up. That is really important to us. We felt there was a void in the industry and we filled that void.” Cleanliness, customer service and quality are essential to Seva and the spa only employs licensed estheticians that meet all state and local licensing requirements. “I am very excited to be here. I want my eyes to pop and I can now afford it,” said Felicity Sykes, a new customer getting eyelash extensions for a performance during the Renaissance Festival. Services offered by Seva include brow shaping (treading and waxing); brow tinting, lash extensions, facials and makeup. For a limited time at Seva Centennial Hills location, specials include $5 brow shaping and $10 brow tinting with the purchase of brow shaping with no appointment necessary. Locations include Seva Henderson (Inside Walmart), 540 Marks Street, Henderson and Seva Centennial Hills (Inside Walmart), 8060 West Tropical Parkway. For more information, call 702-558-6356 for Henderson and 702-839-0888 for Centennial Hills. Share this: Share on Facebook Tweet Email More Share on Tumblr Press This Pocket Print Leave a Reply Cancel reply . Events No Events Join the Informer mailing list Check your email and confirm the subscription Categories Categories Select Category A&E Arts Archives Being Vegan Blog Connection Book Reviews Business Business Archives Business Profile Celebrity Sightings/Nightlife Chinese New Year Christmas City News Community Cooking with Chef Kas Dining with Debbie Downtown Editorial News Education News Empowerment Column Fashion & Beauty Featured Food & Beverage From the Chef Fun & Games Galleries General Halloween Halloween 2013 Hanukkah Health & Wellness Health Archives Holidays Informer Podcasts Informer TV Jump for Joy Foundation Las Vegas 51s Las Vegas Man Las Vegas Wranglers Lifestyle Lifestyle Archives Lifestyles of Extraordinary People Lost and Found Pets Media Room Movie Reviews New Years News Room Nightlife Opinion/Columns Pet Adoption Pet Pages Politics Politics Archives Real Estate ReNew Life Smacktalk Society News Sports Sports Archive Style & Design Tech Thanksgiving The Easy Chef Top Attorneys Top Doctors Top Realtors Travel Travel & Leisure Uncategorized UNLV Rebels Vegas Stars Wellness Workout with Iyan World News Become a Contributor Are you interested in becoming a contributing writer to the Las Vegas Informer? Please email us to submit your information Expanded Search Select a date Select month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 August 2008 July 2008 July 2007 Select a category A&E    Arts Archives    Book Reviews    Chinese New Year    Lifestyles of Extraordinary People    Movie Reviews    Vegas Stars Business    Business Archives    Business Profile    Top Attorneys    Top Doctors    Top Realtors Community Downtown Editorial News Education News Fashion & Beauty Featured Food & Beverage Fun & Games General Halloween Halloween 2013 Health & Wellness    Health Archives    Jump for Joy Foundation    ReNew Life    Wellness    Workout with Iyan Holidays    Christmas    Hanukkah    New Years    Thanksgiving Las Vegas Man Lifestyle    Being Vegan    Empowerment Column    From the Chef    Lifestyle Archives    Real Estate    Style & Design    The Easy Chef    Travel & Leisure Media Room    Galleries    Informer Podcasts       Dining with Debbie    Informer TV       Cooking with Chef Kas News Room    City News       Blog Connection    Opinion/Columns    Politics       Politics Archives    World News Nightlife    Celebrity Sightings/Nightlife Pet Pages    Lost and Found Pets    Pet Adoption Society News Sports    Las Vegas 51s    Las Vegas Wranglers    Smacktalk    Sports Archive    UNLV Rebels Tech Travel Uncategorized Search with Google ↑ Las Vegas Informer Log in - Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

Home Earnings Finance Global Markets About Us Privacy Policy Search Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Yankee Analysts Home Earnings Finance Global Markets About Us Privacy Policy European Commission Seeks Clarification on Yahoo! Email Scanning Kristina Carr - November 11, 2016 0 Catabasis Pharmaceuticals Reports Narrower Q3 Loss Vs. Street Greg Mitchell - November 11, 2016 0 Bonds Add to Losses Following Final Poor Auction Greg Mitchell - November 10, 2016 0 USD/JPY Tests 105.00 on Stock Market Gains Brian Maguire - November 8, 2016 0 Dollar Maintains Gains on Clinton-Bump Brian Maguire - November 7, 2016 0 Micro Cap European Commission Seeks Clarification on Yahoo! Email Scanning Kristina Carr - November 11, 2016 0 Yahoo! shares were inching higher Friday as Reuters cited European Commission spokesman Christian Wigand as saying regulators are asking U.S. authorities for clarifications on... Catabasis Pharmaceuticals Reports Narrower Q3 Loss Vs. Street November 11, 2016 Bonds Add to Losses Following Final Poor Auction November 10, 2016 USD/JPY Tests 105.00 on Stock Market Gains November 8, 2016 Dollar Maintains Gains on Clinton-Bump November 7, 2016 Latest Stories Sanofi Says Study With Toujeo Diabetes Drug Shows Advantages Over Insulin... Nick Reardon - November 11, 2016 0 Sanofi said Friday that a pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic (PK/PD) study with its Toujeo drug for type 1 diabetes showed a more stable profile compared with insulin... J P Morgan Chase Hits Record High on Banking Rally Nick Reardon - November 10, 2016 0 Shares of J P Morgan set a record high on Wednesday with recent gains in the entire banking sector attributed to widespread speculation Donald... Equity Benchmarks Close Higher as Banks, Mining Stocks Continue to Rally November 8, 2016 Consumer Stocks Enjoying Outsized Rebound November 7, 2016 Moderate Gains for Financial Stocks Today November 3, 2016 Latest Netflix Up More Than 3% October 5, 2016 Red Robin Gourmet Burgers Closes Fast-Casual Prototypes as Part of “Strategic... October 5, 2016 Oil Prices Surge on Fifth Straight Week of Falling Inventories October 5, 2016 Deutsche Bank Needs to Show Business Model Is Viable in Low... October 5, 2016 Tenax Therapeutics Slumps 8% October 5, 2016 © All Rights Reserved YankeeAnalysts.com
Talk Business & Politics you're viewing Statewide change region Central Arkansas Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith area Save Statewide Name Menu Microsites Finance Energy Startup Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Close Business Politics Video / Podcasts Advertise Contact Us Community Member stories Create an account Submit a blog post Close Pernod Ricard, Wal-Mart bring Malibu Rum production line to Fort Smith Melissa Hanesworth, managing director for Pernod Ricard’s Fort Smith plant, addresses facility guests Monday during an announcement about increased plant production. by Aric Mitchell. Published Oct 10th, 2016 12:08 pm aric.mitchell@gmail.com / @tbarkansas The Fort Smith distillery for France-based Pernod Ricard has assumed bottling of the company’s popular Malibu Rum label, Gov. Asa Hutchinson and executives from Pernod Ricard USA and Wal-Mart Stores announced Monday (Oct. 10). While no new jobs are part of the deal, which has Wal-Mart buying the rum as part of the retailer’s broader effort to bring manufacturing jobs back to the U.S., company officials said the investment in the plant and new line will add production hours for existing workings and could boost seasonal employment. Speaking from the Fort Smith facility’s production floor, Gov. Hutchinson congratulated both in-state companies, noting it “represents the type of creative collaboration that will further boost the economy.” Cindi Marsiglio, vice president of U.S. Manufacturing for Bentonville-based Wal-Mart Stores, commended Pernod Ricard for its “significant capital investment” in moving operations for the label to be sold to Wal-Mart as part of the retailer’s $250 billion initiative for supporting American jobs. “Wal-Mart’s commitment to buy an additional $250 billion in products supporting American jobs is having a tangible impact on communities across America. In the four years since we launched our initiative, we’ve seen factories opened, jobs created and American products added to our shelves in store and online,” Marsiglio said. Marsiglio told Talk Business & Politics after the event that Wal-Mart’s effort, which began in 2013, is on pace with expectations. “I am thrilled with the progress. We are on track to meet our receipt goals,” adding, “the way I track it is by what we’re buying, and we’re estimating that job creation is on track as well. So I know what we’re buying, which is right on our path to the 10th year. We’re almost four years in, and we’re seeing good progress across the right categories, including adult beverage.” Wal-Mart hopes to create 1 million jobs nationwide by 2023 as part of the effort, and Marsiglio is confident this will be a positive impact for Arkansas as well. Cindi Marsiglio, vice president of U.S. Manufacturing for Bentonville-based Wal-Mart Stores, talks to Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson on Monday after announcing Wal-Mart would buy Malibu Rum made at Pernod-Ricard’s Fort Smith facility. “I have been in factories around Arkansas since we’ve begun this initiative, and I’ve seen areas for growth and opportunity – job by job, factory by factory. Here today (with the Malibu Rum relocation) we have 6,000 shift hours, which translates into more shift hours (for existing employees) and seasonal into full-time employment. Now it will depend on how the product performs, but I think customers are going to respond really well, and the more we can tell them that the products they’re buying are coming from the U.S., the better,” Marsiglio said. One big way job creation will happen, she added, is through related suppliers. “We have found our direct suppliers are part of the story,” Marsiglio explained. “I hear all the time from suppliers that as you go up their supply chain — the glass bottling, the packaging — that they are able to source up their supply chains more regionally and locally. So I think that million-job number you hear us talk about, those are the types of jobs included in the impact.” In the Pernod Ricard announcement, she said, many of those ancillary jobs are “going to be near this plant.” An example of this cited by Melissa Hanesworth, managing director for Pernod Ricard’s Fort Smith plant, is International Paper, which makes the Malibu Rum packaging that was prominently on display at Monday’s event. Hanesworth confirmed with Talk Business & Politics what Marsiglio said – the immediate jobs impact for Pernod Ricard will be 6,000 man-hours “incremental” for existing employees. “I see that as the initial, and it will continue to grow, which does mean new jobs,” Hanesworth said, adding that the company invested “tens of thousands of dollars” in equipment to produce the initial run of 150,000 Malibu Rum cases per year, and its an investment that will help to support about “five to 10 suppliers.” Any new manufacturing jobs will be welcome in the Fort Smith metro area. The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics estimates metro manufacturing employment at 17,900 in August, unchanged compared to July and better than the 17,700 in August 2015. However, sector employment is down 6.7% from just five years ago when August 2011 employment was 19,200, and is well off peak employment of 31,000 set in August 1999. The Pernod Ricard/Hiram Walker facility in Fort Smith produces 5 million cases of spirits annually with other labels including Kahlua Liqueur, Seagram’s Gin, and the recently introduced Smithworks Vodka. Author Bio: See latest posts Comments 108shares Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Opinion Ruth Whitney Volunteering should be part of the business plan Michael Tilley Riff Raff: A Veterans Day remembrance Justin Allen Marijuana and the constitutionality of ‘Shall means shall’ Randy Zook Issue 3 will mean jobs for Arkansas Michael Tilley Riff Raff: 3 concerns with Issue 3 Special Sections Home Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Magazine Opinion © 2015 Talk Business & Politics. All Rights Reserved

  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America in first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage, Obamacare and THAT vow to punish Hillary The Ex-Goldman banker and Breitbart exec who once said he didn't want his daughters 'going to school with Jews': Meet Steve Bannon, Trump's chief strategist 'Sometimes you just have to take a look in the mirror': Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway says Hillary should blame HERSELF for historic loss rather than focusing on the role of the FBI Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million illegal immigrants with criminal records - and insists that he WILL build a border wall (but part of it could be a fence) Reince Priebus AND Steve Bannon will lead Trump's White House: Donald makes insider RNC head his chief of staff - but scorched earth practitioner is chief strategist and gets announced President-elect Trump can't put his billions into a blind trust because that would leave Ivanka, Eric, and Don Jr. 'out of work,' top advisor says So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the New York Times, hours after promising to be restrained online and thanks his former Never Trump enemies for congratulations  Now who is deplorable? Faces of the 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of violent anti-Trump protests in Portland Will a Muslim Congressman head the DNC? Keith Ellison wins the support of Bernie Sanders and Harry Reid before he has even announced his own candidacy A third of Hillary Clinton supporters DO NOT believe Donald Trump's victory was legitimate, new poll finds Trump promises to be 'restrained' on Twitter in his first TV interview as President-elect: The Donald says he'll tone down his social media commentary and describes Hillary's 'lovely' concession call Donald Trump tries to postpone fraud lawsuits against his defunct real estate university until AFTER he is sworn in as president  Mark Zuckerberg says it's 'extremely unlikely' fake news posted on Facebook swung the election for Trump and warns against the site 'becoming arbiters of the truth' Teacher who compared Trump's rise to Hitler is suspended from high school to keep students 'emotionally safe' 'We don't even need Ohio... I'm going to grab a Xanax': Dave Chapelle and Chris Rock mock overconfident white Clinton voters in SNL election night sketch 'Everything feels like it's upside down': Donald Trump's election victory leaves American Muslims reeling and scared Female Muslim immigrant who said she voted for Trump because she was tired of 'Obama dancing around radical Islam' is threatened Will Ivana Trump become ambassador to Czech Republic? Donald Trump's ex-wife announces her intentions to become diplomat to her home country Don't panic: House Speaker Paul Ryan tries to 'put people's minds at ease' when told some Americans are 'terrified' about President-elect Trump Your gold and diamond door's worth more than my house! The riotous inside story of Mr Brexit Nigel Farage's astonishing coup as he became first foreign politician to meet President-elect Trump  Megyn Kelly claims Trump repeatedly offered her gifts and a free stay at his Florida estate in return for better coverage - and insists she wasn't the only journalist he tried to influence PIERS MORGAN: They're not calling you a Ku Klux Klan loving loser now, my friend! Our man with a hotline to the Trumps on the week that shook the world  Trump 'ditches Chris Christie over Bridgegate': President-elect is 'furious that New Jersey governor is letting "soccer mom" aide go to jail over scandal' Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website' following election win Previous Next 'Right there in the checkout line': Walmart customers deliver woman's baby in aisle before help can arrive  The woman was shopping with her husband in a Payson, Utah Walmart She went into labor in the checkout line Customers stepped up to help deliver the baby which arrived before an ambulance  By Associated Press and Kiri Blakeley For Dailymail.com Published: 14:10 EST, 10 October 2016 | Updated: 11:37 EST, 11 October 2016 e-mail 19 shares 7 View comments A Walmart in Utah got a special delivery when a woman had her baby while in a checkout line. The unidentified woman was buying groceries with her husband and a relative on Sunday at the store in Payson when she went into labor. A woman was shopping with her husband in a Payson, Utah Walmart when she unexpectedly gave birth Payson Fire Department spokesman Terry Reilly says it was not the woman's first pregnancy and things 'progressed pretty rapidly.' 'The baby was delivered right there in the checkout line,' Reilly told The Daily Herald.  Employees and other customers had to help deliver the bundle, which eagerly came out into the world in the store before emergency crews arrived. In 2000's 'Where the Heart Is' Natalie Portman gives birth to a baby in a Tennessee Walmart, much like the unidentified woman in Utah who welcomed her bundle of joy in the checkout aisle RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Amazon, Walmart and Target pull offensive 'Tranny Granny'... Is Walmart building self-driving shopping carts? Patent... Share this article Share Customers called 911, but the impatient baby was in the Walmart aisle before EMS, according to KSL. Apparently everyone stayed very 'calm,' according to Reilly.  The mother and baby were taken to Mountain View Hospital in Payson, about 60 miles south of Salt Lake City. Both are reportedly doing fine. In the movie (based on the novel) Where the Heart Is, 17-year-old and seven-months pregnant Novalee Nation (played by Natalie Portman) stops into a Walmart in Sequoyah, Oklahoma with her boyfriend, who abandons her in the store with little money. Novalee secretly lives in the behemoth store and eventually has her baby, Americus, in aisle five of the Walmart, becoming a local celebrity.      Read more: New moms give birth on I-80 and in Payson Wal-Mart checkout line | KSL.com Healthy baby delivered in Payson Walmart checkout line | Payson News | heraldextra.com Share or comment on this article e-mail 19 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Havelock resident shocked as he films earthquake hitting NZ Trump supporter spews ignorant racist rant at young woman Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Michael Moore tries to meet with Trump at Trump Tower Mother kicks her young child out for voting Trump in school Clinton makes final appearance at campaign headquarters Nigel Farage avoids questions as he enters Trump Tower Dogs leaping through grass like antelope will cheer you up Bodybuilder with '0% body fat' flexes her muscles in the gym Road rage incident turns personal as drivers insult each other Terryfing video of ground shaking as earthquake hits Christchurch Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... FBI 'ran 23 child pornography sites in a bid to lure and... 'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon... Hillary's last hurrah: Clinton greets her campaign staff one... 'Kill the police!' Anti-Trump protesters chant death threats... From a modest home built by her father to the future First... So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Destructive tsunami waves hit New Zealand's South Island... 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave... Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business... Reince Priebus AND Steven Bannon will lead Trump's White... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'He wants to make America great again... and chicken fingers': The Daily Show jokes Trump's speechwriter could easily be a kid Sponsored Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Booty-ful day at the beach! RHOM star Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40 million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body Fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger admits he has 50 of the SAME outfit and doesn't wear the preppy sportswear from his own brand   Dressed in smart suits  Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Arrived statuesque and Golden  The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals More vacation antics  Resurrected! Dave Chappelle plays Negan in Walking Dead skit while hosting SNL... as well as a half dozen of his most famous characters Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Bella Thorne, 19,  is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Rocked two outfits  'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon chokes up as she foregoes comedy and performs rendition of late Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah on SNL EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot Turned heads with her racy poses  Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor showed off his biceps Bear Grylls backs down on his plans to build 25 beach huts at a Welsh beauty spot after angering locals Was in retreat about plans for 25 beach huts From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on chat show On British television  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on lifelong fatherhood aspirations He always wanted a baby Just Jane, for now: Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split 'I was a bit of a bastard': Rock and roll legend Phil Collins ADMITS to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' It's fash-cone, darling! Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat as she steps out in chilly NYC Wrapped up warm against the weather  Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Had arrived from London Blac Chyna's mom Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive... after second grandchild is born A very generous side Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA  Crossed paths! Andrew Garfield and runs into ex-girlfriend Emma Stone at Variety Studio Actors on Actors event in LA  Was it awkward? People wanted to kill me, says Harry's girl: Meghan talks to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and her most embarrassing TV moment to date  The Firm out in force: Kate and the Queen bring out their princes for a star-studded Festival of Remembrance at the Albert Hall  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot The security specialist Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website' following election win Disgraced host  Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London   Was speculation she would meet family Where's Meghan? Harry cheers on England at Twickenham but there's no sign of his new girlfriend (and he is sitting next to Princess Charlene of Monaco)  Happyness pursued: Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his day hard at work  Photograph that Taylor Swift claims is evidence that radio DJ 'reached under her skirt and groped her' is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Is on board of charity  In the navy! Jennifer Garner, 44, is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of star-studded  Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Wowed on arrival Calling the shots! Katie Holmes, 37, puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival Showed off her movie 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet The baby already has an Instagram account  Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital Seen in LA EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  She is 37 From a modest home  to the future First Lady: Melania Trump is the daughter of a car parts salesman - but she always dreamed of a jet set lifestyle  Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  A royal plea She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online She addressed the criticism  Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time Over the moon at family's new addition  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey Singer had broken down in his home state  Former Today show host Billy Bush is 'being courted by Breitbart to run their Hollywood coverage following Trump's victory' Comeback? Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle Died at her home in California  Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York All bundled up for a day in the city  'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber Quality family time  Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Partnered with Natalie Portman for event What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Hilary Duff showcased her killer abs  Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in Los Angeles  Her due date is getting close  Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Grey's Anatomy alum Katherine Heigl, 37, shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Fox news anchor under fire for a pro-Trump Facebook post that slammed Obama for making 'the entire country hate one another' Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack  It's Sgt Pepper's lost stars club band: Inspired by the iconic Beatles album cover, a touching tribute to list of celebrities who have died in 2016  'Bottoms up': Australian model Annabella Barber posts Kardashian inspired belfie... as model strips down to her pants for raunchy TOPLESS photo Film-maker Michael Moore calls on Donald Trump to STEP DOWN as President-elect - before joining thousands of protesters in the streets  She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror  Ripped female bodybuilder with an incredible 'ZERO per cent' body fat shows off her trim physique but sparks debate over whether she's healthy 'You can never be too careful with your safety':  Delta Goodrem reveals her stalker fear after she went to EXTREME lengths to lose a following vehicle Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood on Friday night 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Almost Famous star  Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon Married couple took in the scenery  Red hot! Australia The Bachelor's Rachael Gouvignon sets pulses racing in teeny bikini... as busty star goes for a swim after a run along the beach   REVIEW: Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Hotly anticipated  'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  He previously said  Trump is 'a punk' Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays her toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves the gym in LA The 21-year-old in-demand model  'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over two-year-old daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Already has a catwalk bug  Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event The 41-year-old redhead tried out a new look alongside co-stars  Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee donned Nike trainers Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose 'A little fishing with my guy' Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip On vacation  Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  A political twist  Help is on the way! Supergirl, The Flash, and Arrow unite for the biggest crossover event in CW superhero history It's in an epic four-day event Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The 30-year-old former O.C. star was unmissable  Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars The 43-year-old actress was beaming Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Working hard to make a name for herself  Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Jamie Oliver continued his pride in sweet snap Showstopper! Mariah Carey sizzles in sexy skin tight jumpsuit and animal print heels for night on the town The 46-year-old was in Los Angeles  Trump gets the last laugh: Alec Baldwin WON'T play The Donald on this week's SNL - and could ditch the part forever Won't reprise role  'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Her own demonstration Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil The First Lady freezes in time as LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers take on Mannequin Challenge during visit to the White House and get Michelle Obama to strike a pose Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned $13MILLION in one year' through endorsement deals Big bucks Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Showed off their understated style in NYC 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee The Young Mummy blogger says that in spite of the stretch marks, the excruciating pain and the migraines, she feels 'on top of the world' while expecting 'I am for reals sick': Amy Schumer postpones Baltimore show after 'heartbreaking' Clinton defeat Will return at later date   Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles The two-time Academy Award nominee  Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian 'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip The F1 champ Their romance is developing at an astonishing pace, and now Prince Harry's love is in London... is this the weekend Meghan is welcomed into the heart of the Royal family?  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards in Cannes Sharp suit  Shameless star Steve Howey 'berated Muslim nanny when she prayed in his home while his wife made her look at penis pics of A-list actor she was having an affair with', claims lawsuit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Can someone actually stop the motormouth? Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical The final curtain for the 'Godfather of gloom': Footage surfaces of Leonard Cohen's last EVER performance in New Zealand almost three years ago 'Never too late for a late post': Khloe Kardashian robs boyfriend Tristan Thompson's camouflage jacket to pose on Veteran's Day     DON'T MISS Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Wrapping up I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue 'He showed me how women should be treated and respected': Shanina Shaik takes a dig at her ex Tyson Beckford while gushing about fiancé DJ Ruckus Victoria's Secret model Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA She is 42 Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Extra presenter The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress The How We Do singer 'She's disrespectful and downright arrogant': The X Factor fans in Australia SLAM Iggy Azalea amid reports she has been given 'unkind nicknames' on set Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  British aristocrat 'I should be so lucky!': Prince Harry shows that 'worry over Meghan' hasn't got him down as he reveals Sydney will host Invictus Games in hilarious video featuring a Kylie Minogue ringtone ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' Beach babe! Bikini-clad Hilary Duff flashes her cleavage on a tropical getaway with her beau Jason Walsh Sexy poolside selfies by mom-of-one 'They turned out wonderfully!' Sylvester Stallone says he gives wife Jennifer Flavin 'all the credit' in raising their three daughters Accomplished trio I do! Adrienne Bailon marries gospel singer Israel Houghton in romantic wedding in Paris Tied the knot at a beautiful ceremony Batter up! Mark-Paul Gosselaar and co-star Kylie Bunbury pose completely NUDE in sexy new photos for baseball show Pitch Only wore guards 'We were both naked and had just met!' Evan Rachel Wood spills on steamy Gucci Guilty shoot with Chris Evans Talked about what it was like to be nude with him Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Duo, like the animals, came out at night Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Supportive friend  Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Not her usual floor-length gown White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC Turning heads  Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe just blocks from the beach   Heading to cooler climates? Kanye West bundles up in layers as catches flight out of LAX after Kim takes first picture of her and the children since heist  'Our democracy has it exactly right': Michelle Obama insists she is ready to leave the White House as she covers Vogue for the last time as First Lady Olivia Wilde holds her baby girl close as she and fiancé Jason Sudeikis enjoy a leisurely walk in NYC Welcomed daughter Daisy a month ago 'Time to turn words into action!': Katy Perry donates $10k to Planned Parenthood in face of Donald Trump's looming plan to defund the organization Throwback surprise! The View brings back original co-hosts Meredith Vieira, Debbie Matenopoulos and Star Jones for 20th anniversary Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album  Zayn Malik's ex No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Hello sunshine! Hailee Steinfeld, 19, stuns in yellow sheer number as she leads stars at Nickelodeon Halo Awards A sight to see  Crazy cardigan! Lea Michele dons interesting beige high-low cardigan while out and about in Los Angeles  Running errands in West Hollywood  Just one glance at the first picture of Brad Pitt since his split from Angelina and you can see the pain etched on his gaunt face, writes AMANDA PLATELL Sultan of seduction: He was known as the 'Godfather of gloom'. But Leonard Cohen, who's died at 82, was also rock's most sensual ladies' man  Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to filming UK dance contest Casual Meg Ryan goes incognito in a cap, sunglasses and long coat for a London shopping trip  Blended in with the crowd  Taking flight! Serena Williams takes comfort to new heights as she rocks green aviator onesie at LAX Tennis star or Top Gun fan? Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind the scenes 'He gave me a  back massage': Eddie Redmayne reveals Fantastic Beasts co-star Colin Farrell had to comfort him before 'intense'  Comic-Con  'Million Dollar Listing's Josh Flagg confesses to THREE nose jobs as David Parnes begrudgingly reveals why he went under the knife again 'I missed ya': Negan surprises Rick Grimes by arriving in Alexandria with Daryl in sneak peek of new The Walking Dead episode Season seven scene Mrs. Doubtfire home in San Francisco sells for $4.15 million Served as the settting for the popular 1993 film starring Robin Williams and Sally Fields  'We are enjoying our honeymoon!' Jinger Duggar and Jeremy Vuolo share first video after heading off on tour of Australia and New Zealand Her lips are STILL sealed! Former Miss Universe Jennifer Hawkins continues to keep quiet on President-elect Donald Trump 'Kisses, hugs and sex galore!': Real Housewives of Atlanta star Kim Zolciak celebrates fifth anniversary with husband Kroy Biermann  EXCLUSIVE: Elite schools, a $3m wedding and Fashion Police: How guilt-ridden Joan Rivers wooed daughter Melissa back after she blamed her for father's suicide  She's a low-key VIP! Jet setter Renee Zellweger lugs her own bags through airport  Proved she's just one of the people as she touched down at LAX Is this what Dream Kardashian will look like when she's older? Forensic artist imagines Rob and Blac Chyna's newborn baby in the future Val Kilmer gasps and struggles to speak while revealing he's cancelled upcoming tour after once again denying he has throat cancer  Concerns for actor Heidi Klum hits the runway in style as she dons patterned knit sweater and scarf after touching down at LAX Looked chic after her flight  'I never truly believed Trump could win': Lena Dunham admits she felt 'smug' at polling booth on election day... then broke out in hives after Clinton's defeat  Her favorite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  The 18-year-old was  back at Mauro's Cafe David Bowie's personal art collection sells for $304MILLION - more than twice the predicted figure  Buyers have snapped up pieces his vast works  Russell Crowe quietly lists lavish apartment he bought for $14.35M... as he and estranged wife Danielle Spencer get closer to a divorce settlement Case closed: Hogan's Heroes star Bob Crane's killer to be revealed LIVE on Monday after new DNA testing was done on murder weapon - 38 years after actor's death Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dashing as he chats his new role in J.K. Rowling's Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Oh baby! Bachelorette star Ashley Hebert and J.P. Rosenbaum step out for ice cream with son Fordham and newborn daughter Essex Reese Family treat The lap of luxury! Heather Dubrow debuts new web series offering a tour of her lavish walk-in wardrobe New YouTube series called Heather's Closet  'Can we stay in here for the next four years?': Hilarious reactions of Big Brother contestants who are the last six people in the US to know Trump will be president  Sorry America, we're not leaving! Celebrities who promised to leave for Canada decide to stay (so is it just a coincidence that Trump is planning tax cuts?)  'It's a myth that models don't eat': Heidi Klum, 43, sizzles in swimsuits as she reveals her body secrets Showcased her stunning physique 'Some of the nicest humans on the planet': Scott Eastwood says Sydney hospitality is 'off the charts' as Pacific Rim 2 co-star John Boyega takes in sights  Oscar-nominated Man From U.N.C.L.E. star Robert Vaughn dies aged 83 after brief battle with cancer Was surrounded by his family John Legend pays tribute to his 'beautiful wife and daughter' as baby Luna makes her starring debut in new music video for Love Me Now SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: What HAS happened to Kate Winslet's wonky eyebrows?  Her right was more arched than her left No wonder Harry's smiling! Prince looks forward to showing off new girlfriend Meghan Markle to the relatives as Charles and Camilla fly home  Today's headlines Most Read Trump gives wide-ranging first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage,... Ex-Goldman Sachs banker turned Breitbart News exec who once said he didn't want his daughters 'going to... 'Sometimes you just have to take a look in the mirror': Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway says Hillary... Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million illegal immigrants with criminal records - and... Reince Priebus AND Steven Bannon will lead Trump's White House: The Donald makes insider RNC head his chief... President-elect Trump can't put his billions into a blind trust because that would leave Ivanka, Eric, and... So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the New York Times, hours after promising to be... PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of violent anti-Trump protests in Portland  Will a Muslim Congressman head the DNC? Keith Ellison wins the support of Bernie Sanders and Harry Reid... A third of Hillary Clinton supporters DO NOT believe Donald Trump's victory was legitimate, new poll finds Trump promises to be 'restrained' on Twitter in his first TV interview as President-elect: The Donald says... Donald Trump tries to postpone fraud lawsuits against his defunct real estate university until AFTER he is... Mark Zuckerberg says it's 'extremely unlikely' fake news posted on Facebook swung the election for Trump and... Teacher who compared Trump's rise to Hitler is suspended from high school to keep students 'emotionally... 'Oh my God, I think America is racist!' Dave Chappelle is joined by Chris Rock as SNL mocks white privileged... 'Everything feels like it's upside down': Donald Trump's election victory leaves American Muslims reeling... Female Muslim immigrant who said she voted for Trump because she was tired of 'Obama dancing around radical... Trump's ex-wife Ivana announces her intentions to become ambassador to her native Czech Republic as she... Don't panic: House Speaker Paul Ryan tries to 'put people's minds at ease' when told some Americans are... Your gold and diamond door's worth more than my house! The riotous inside story of Farage's astonishing coup... Megyn Kelly claims Trump repeatedly offered her gifts and a free stay at his Florida estate in return for... PIERS MORGAN: They're not calling you a Ku Klux Klan loving loser now, my friend! Our man with a hotline to... Trump 'ditches Chris Christie over Bridgegate': President-elect is 'furious that New Jersey governor is... Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website'... Silicon Valley stars 'are set upon by two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after... 'I'm fed up and shutting this down!' Gabby Douglas' puts her foot down over cruel online trolls, vowing to... NATO chief warns that the West faces ‘the greatest challenge to our security in a generation’ if Trump... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey after media mogul tells everyone to 'take a... Internationally renowned Middle Eastern scholar at UC Berkeley is accused of sexually assaulting a student  MORE HEADLINES Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million illegal immigrants with criminal records - and insists he WILL build a wall (but part of it could be a fence) FBI 'ran 23 child pornography sites in a bid to lure and catch online predators', stunning unsealed documents reveal  'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon chokes up as she foregoes comedy and performs rendition of late Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah at beginning of SNL (without Alec Baldwin's Trump)  Hillary's last hurrah: Clinton greets her campaign staff one last time, admitting the last few days have been 'very, very tough' as it's claimed she was 'inconsolable' after crushing defeat to Trump  'Kill the police!' Anti-Trump protesters chant death threats at cops in Indianapolis, and demonstrators are tear-gassed in Portland as tens of thousands take to the street nationwide for fourth night of violence From a modest home built by her father to the future First Lady of the White House: Melania Trump is the daughter of a car parts salesman - but she always dreamed of a jet set lifestyle  So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the New York Times, hours after promising to be restrained online and thanks his former Never Trump enemies for congratulations  'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey after media mogul tells everyone to 'take a deep breath' following Trump's victory and says she has 'hope' for his presidency  Destructive tsunami waves hit New Zealand's South Island after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake strikes killing two people - as LOOTERS prey on vulnerable residents forced to leave their homes 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL - but says he's willing to give him a chance  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed $800 from her dad Reince Priebus AND Steven Bannon will lead Trump's White House: The Donald makes insider RNC head his chief of staff – but scorched earth practitioner is chief strategist and gets announced FIRST 'Oh my God, I think America is racist!' Dave Chappelle is joined by Chris Rock as SNL mocks white privileged Democrats' incredulous reaction to Trump's victory Film-maker Michael Moore is blocked by Secret Service on the fourth floor of Trump Tower from confronting President-elect - before joining thousands of protesters in the streets of New York  Trump 'ditches Chris Christie over Bridgegate': President-elect is 'furious that New Jersey governor is letting "soccer mom" aide go to jail over scandal' Female anti-bullying ambassador, 23, arrested at Trump Tower protest for pushing man, 74, to the ground in fight over the new President-elect  Was the Hillary hiking in the woods photo staged? Woman in the picture first met Clinton at a fundraiser her family hosted for ex-candidate  'Mr Trump is unfit to serve:' Almost THREE MILLION people sign a (doomed) petition for the Electoral College to make Hillary Clinton president Ripped female bodybuilder with an incredible 'ZERO per cent' body fat shows off her trim physique but sparks debate over whether she's healthy Trump promises to be 'restrained' on Twitter in his first TV interview as President-elect: The Donald says he'll tone down his social media commentary and describes Hillary's 'lovely' concession call President-elect Trump can't put his billions into a blind trust because that would leave Ivanka, Eric, and Don Jr. 'out of work,' top advisor says Married female basketball coach had sex with three high school students and sent them naked photographs Yoga expert, 37, accused of killing her identical twin sister by driving them off a 200-foot cliff in Hawaii is arrested on suspicion of murder AGAIN in New York after new evidence emerges People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opened up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and her most embarrassing television moment to date Photograph that Taylor Swift claims is evidence that radio DJ 'reached under her skirt and groped her' is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image Kept chained in a cage inside a container, fed just once a day and taken on walks to see her boyfriend's shallow grave: New details of South Carolina serial killer's captive and her ordeal emerge 'I won't take even one dollar': Donald Trump has said he will NOT accept the $400,000 president's salary 'My mother kicked me out because I voted for Donald Trump': Mom makes her young son pack a suitcase and leave after he opted for The Donald in a mock election at school Megyn Kelly claims Trump repeatedly offered her gifts and a free stay at his Florida estate in return for better coverage - and insists she wasn't the only journalist he tried to influence MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AAPL FB Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Dividend Stocks > What About WMT’s Dividend After Walmart Stores, Inc.’s Disappointing Guidance? Competition and a new strategy take their toll on WMT Oct 9, 2016, 9:00 am EST  |  By Simply Safe Dividends, Simply Safe Dividends     View All   I came across a statistic last week that sounded unbelievable until I thought more about my own behavior In 2015, 205 million U.S. consumers shopped online. The growth of e-commerce is nothing new, and the number of online shoppers will continue to rise. I wasn’t surprised by this fact. Instead, a recent survey caught my attention. It found that more than half of U.S. online shoppers start their product searches on Amazon. com, Inc. (AMZN). Amazing! Amazon is increasingly the most convenient and cost effective shopping option for consumers. Approximately 55% of those surveyed check out Amazon first when looking for a product, representing an increase from 44% a year earlier. As Amazon’s scale, breadth of inventory, and distribution network grows, it seems likely that the company will continue squeezing out other e-commerce players. Indeed, the survey noted that search engines (e.g. Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO)) saw their share of new online product searches decline from 34% a year earlier to 28% today. Retailers were even worse as a starting point for online shopping, dropping from 21% to 16%. The threat posed by Amazon to big-box retailers such as Walmart Stores, Inc. (WMT) and Target Corporation (TGT)  is nothing new. However, the impact Amazon is having should not be ignored. Just last week Walmart issued disappointing guidance for next fiscal year that called for earnings per share to remain approximately flat compared to consensus expectations for 4.4% growth. 7 High-Dividend Stocks to Buy ASAP The company also moderated its plans for new store openings. As seen below, new supercenter openings are expected to be almost cut in half from this fiscal year (60) to next (35). In other words, Walmart’s growth will increasingly depend on same-store sales and the company’s e-commerce activities. Additionally, fewer store openings reduces the company’s capital expenditures, driving free cash flow higher. With over 90% of Americans already living within 10 miles of a Walmart store, these actions should hardly come as a surprise. Walmart’s playbook for the next decade is certainly very different from the last. The company clearly realizes the importance of e-commerce and knows it is years behind Amazon. I view Wal-Mart’s recent $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com, a fast-growing e-commerce business, as a sign of desperation to step-up its own digital capabilities. Despite pouring billions into its loss-making web business, Walmart’s online sales growth has slowed considerably over the last two years (Amazon continues reporting double-digit growth despite doing more online business than anyone else): Source: Bloomberg Acquisitions often have many unintended consequences, and the relatively small scope of Jet.com hardly makes it look like Walmart’s knight in shining armor. Jet.com’s revenue projection for 2020 is still a fraction of Amazon’s and eBay’s current sales. Nonetheless, Walmart will continue to invest heavily in e-commerce, and this is ultimately the right move if it wants to keep its business relevant for the rest of the 21st century. However, it says a lot about Amazon’s edge when the largest brick-and-mortar business in the world is finding itself so challenged to build momentum in e-commerce. Of course, as I previously discussed, Walmart is also challenged by rising labor and health care costs. With new store growth screeching to a halt, e-commerce activities looking like they will continue losing money for years, the brick-and-mortar retail environment as competitive as ever, and labor force costs rising, Walmart sure has its work cut out for it to sustainably grow earnings over the next five years. Until Wal-Mart shows clearer signs that it can (profitably) become a viable number two player to Amazon in the e-commerce world, it’s hard for me to get excited about the business. Other brick-and-mortar stores are also racing against the company, and it’s crucial for Walmart to assert itself as a legitimate online player if it doesn’t want to bleed away its 250+ million customers over the next decade. What does this mean for the company’s dividend? Next Page   1 2 View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/wal-mart-wmt-issues-disappointing-guidance-what-about-the-dividend/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Buys for 7 Donald Trump Fears That Won’t Come True 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to Trump 3 Tech Stocks Getting a Big Cash Payday 7 Blue-Chip Stocks Due for a Reckoning 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 7 CEOs Heading to the Chopping Block by '18 Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 3 Tech Stocks That Just Got a Big Cash Payday 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 3 Reasons Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Still Is a Great Buy Most Popular Most Commented 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Stocks That Will Tank Under Donald Trump 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump The Tech Reversal May Have Legs Trade of the Day: Industrial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSEARCA:XLI) General Electric Company (GE) Stock Is an Overpriced Juggernaut GrubHub Inc Stock Falls After CEO’s Anti-Trump Email to Employees Why Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Ended the Free Supercharger Ride Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Retail Consumer Retail Media Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods If Wal-Mart wants to beat Amazon, it needs to follow this playbook Krystina Gustafson | @KrystinaGustafs Monday, 10 Oct 2016 | 11:00 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Daniel Acker | Bloomberg | Getty Images An employee assembles customer orders at the Jet.com Inc. fulfillment center on Cyber Monday in Kansas City, Kan. Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon has pledged to make the bricks-and-mortar retailer look "more like an e-commerce company." But to beat Amazon, the mass merchant will need to do more. As more Wal-Mart shoppers sign up for Amazon's subscription Prime service, Cowen and Co. analyst Oliver Chen outlined the steps the world's largest retailer needs to take to protect its market share. While accelerating its online sales growth is a key part of this plan, Wal-Mart also needs to tap into its key advantages over Amazon to effectively compete, Chen said. That includes leveraging its massive footprint to deliver services that can't be replicated online (think health care); leaning on its "excellence" in food supply chain and compliance; and reaffirming its reputation as the low-price leader. "Wal-Mart needs to change and accelerate innovation in pricing, assortment access, and experience; otherwise, we believe the company will continue to lose market share to Amazon," Chen told investors. At its annual investor day last week, Wal-Mart executives told analysts that the company would slow the rate of store openings, and instead shift the company's spending toward the web and remodels. While new store growth represented nearly half of the retailer's $13.1 billion in capital expenditures in fiscal 2014, it will account for less than 20 percent of its $11 billion spend next year. "We have to change how we work," McMillon said. Wal-Mart has been criticized for its sluggish online sales growth, which has slipped as Amazon repeatedly generates double-digit gains. Though trends at Wal-Mart improved in the fiscal second quarter, the pace of Prime sign-ups is likewise accelerating, Cowen analyst John Blackledge estimates. Chen noted the "growing overlap" between the two retailers' customers, saying the average percentage of monthly purchases at Wal-Mart coming from Prime households has doubled over the last four years. Still, Chen is confident that through investments in speedier checkout and services like grocery pickup, Wal-Mart can continue growing its comparable-store sales by 1 to 2 percent over the next few years. "A better shopping experience should aid traffic," Chen said. Meanwhile, analysts expect that the retailer's $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com will reignite its online sales growth. Wal-Mart shares dipped after Thursday's investor meeting, when it tempered its earnings forecast for fiscal 2018 and 2019. They were down nearly 1 percent in late morning trading Monday. Krystina GustafsonEditor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Raiders Of The Lost Walmart Find MP3 Player That Users Hated Back In 2012 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Raiders Of The Lost Walmart Find MP3 Player That Users Hated Back In 2012 October 10, 2016 10:43 am EST By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup dialup isn't dead raiders of the lost walmart call catcher trio mp3 player kmart walmart The Raiders of the Lost Walmart are a brave band of explorers who comb the nation’s big box stores for comically outdated, yet still overpriced, merchandise. This is mostly electronics, since they don’t age very well, and today we have two not-so-fine selections from Walmart and from Kmart. Sean writes that he enjoys combing the clearance section at Walmart to look for comically overpriced items, but had never seen anything wacky enough to submit until last week. He spotted this device on the clearance shelf at his local Walmart. The thing is, this device is still useful for some people: the state of rural broadband is such that there are still a lot of people using dialup. It’s not a relic of the ’90s, like people in more densely populated areas think it is. The note on the package that the device is compatible with phone service via cable is interesting, too, since the current heavy marketing of “triple play” packages means that if someone has phone service from their cable provider, they have broadband. Still, they might need to use some kind of legacy dialup system. This photo that Michael took at Kmart wouldn’t have been too unusual four or five years ago, but a 5-year-old device at full price looks rather odd now. Amazon still has it available for $27.99, but with a string of one-star reviews declaring it to be “absolute garbage” and “dollar store junk.” Good luck unloading it, Kmart. Meanwhile, it isn’t often that you get the chance to buy one of PCWorld’s best tech products of 2006. Yes, it’s the Vonage V-Phone, yet another product that not everyone liked when it was new, let alone now that its age is in the double digits. You can get it for ten bucks from Amazon. As far as we can tell, this device will still work, as long as you have a Vonage account and a computer running Windows 2000 or XP. “There are compatibility issues with the V-Phone and the Microsoft Windows Vista OS,” a support document notes, but you could just not buy a decade-old device for almost the original list price instead. October 10, 2016 By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup dialup isn't dead raiders of the lost walmart call catcher trio mp3 player kmart walmart Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related ELECTRONICS This 9-Year-Old MP3 Player Is Ready For The Latest Tunes, Costs $300 temple of zune Raiders Of The Lost Walmart Will Put You On Hold On Their Landline Now $109.72 Raiders Of The Lost Walmart Find Ancient iPod Case, Rare Full-Price MobiBLU siren songs Raiders Of The Lost Walmart Discover New Variety Of Ancient MP3 Player network shutdown Here’s Why The Raiders Of The Lost Walmart Aren’t Really Funny Previous Pharmaceutical Companies Accused Of Colluding To Delay Generic Version Of Popular Cholesterol Drug Next How To Avoid Scams Aiming To Cash In On Hurricane Matthew Damage Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: How To Avoid Scams Aiming To Cash In On Hurricane Matthew Damage Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics AAPL FB Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > New Walmart Uniform Dress Code to Allow Denim Pants Walmart is also making others changes to please employees Jun 4, 2015, 2:50 pm EST  |  By William White, InvestorPlace Writer     Walmart (WMT) is changing its uniform dress code to allow workers more options. All Walmart employees will start being allowed to wear black and khaki denim pants to work in July. Workers that take on physically-challenging jobs are being given even more leeway and can wear bluejeans and T-Shirts as part of the new uniform dress code, reports The Consumerist. The changes to the Walmart uniform dress code come after it made changes to it late last year. These changes included adding vests and requiring employees to wear collared shirts. The new dress code wasn’t well received by employees. The Walmart uniform dress code change isn’t the only alteration the retailer is making. It also plans to increase temperatures in its stores following complaints from employees that they are too cold, The Consumerist notes. Another change coming to Walmart will remove its greatest hits CD. Employees were tired of listening to Celine Dion and Justin Bieber on repeat. Instead, the company will now use its own radio, which it promises will have a more diverse selection of music, reports The Guardian. More From InvestorPlace 10 Richest People in the World 2015 12 Cheap Stocks to Buy for Under $10 10 Best Stocks for Next 10 Years Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2015/06/walmart-uniform-dress-code-wmt/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Buys for 7 Donald Trump Fears That Won’t Come True 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to Trump 3 Tech Stocks Getting a Big Cash Payday 7 Blue-Chip Stocks Due for a Reckoning 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 7 CEOs Heading to the Chopping Block by '18 Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 3 Tech Stocks That Just Got a Big Cash Payday 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 3 Reasons Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Still Is a Great Buy Most Popular Most Commented 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Stocks That Will Tank Under Donald Trump 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump The Tech Reversal May Have Legs Trade of the Day: Industrial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSEARCA:XLI) General Electric Company (GE) Stock Is an Overpriced Juggernaut GrubHub Inc Stock Falls After CEO’s Anti-Trump Email to Employees Why Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Ended the Free Supercharger Ride Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE � Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad App for Windows 8 The official Gulf News app for Microsoft's latest OS Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing App for Blackberry 10 Gulf News tailored for your Blackberry App for Windows 8 Tablet A native Gulf News tablet app for Windows 8 SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? SHARES RETAIL November 14, 2016 | Last updated 4 minutes ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: US Elections 2016 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope UAE holidays 2016 UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Surprise Trump win triggers massive gold buying Gold prices drop as Clinton gains ground Gold breaks $1,300 amid US poll jitters Gold Rate Sectors21 Markets8 Automotives Banking8 Construction1 Employment1 Features General Investment1 Media2 Careers1 Energy2 Retail1 Shipping Technology Telecoms1 Tourism1 top stories in Sectors Peg an anchor of stability for GCC Aldar awards Dh30m contract for Mayan Iran resort hopes to attract tourists Aviation2 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Air Arabia third quarter net profit rises 26% Emirates Skywards adds WSJ to list of partners Jet Airways’ stand-alone Q2 net profit up 23.43% Economy12 Property GN Property top stories in Property Union Properties profit at Dh32m in Q3 It’s all in the Trump name Dubai Marina was the top pick in Q3-16 Money1 Visas Analysis1 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Wal-Mart fails to subdue JD.com bears with short bets at record Wal-Mart is boosting support as JD.com’s 2016 adjusted net loss is forecast to widen 10 per cent to 947 million yuan Published: 14:27 October 10, 2016 Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE New York: Not even a stronger alliance with the world’s largest retailer was enough to convince short sellers that JD.com Inc.’s recovery will last. Bearish bets on China’s second-largest e-commerce company rose to record levels after Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said in a regulatory filing that it raised its stake to 10.8 per cent from 5.9 per cent. The increased investment came after a 34 per cent rally in JD.com’s US-traded stock in the past four months narrowed its 2016 decline to 16 per cent. Wal-Mart is boosting support as JD.com’s 2016 adjusted net loss is forecast to widen 10 per cent to 947 million yuan ($142 million) as intensifying competition with market leader Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. forces the company to increase spending. Expenses are rising as JD.com expands its delivery network to serve smaller towns and increases product offerings. Economic growth that is decelerating to the slowest pace since 1990 adds to the challenge. “An expectation that a partnership with an American company will bring an improvement to JD.com right away may be overly optimistic,” Gil Luria, an analyst who covers technology and e-commerce companies at Wedbush Securities Inc., said by phone. “Investors need to see a competitive matchup versus Alibaba, which is a hard task now that the economic growth is slowing.” Wal-Mart Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon has said that the company needs to succeed in China, where it estimates 25 per cent of global retail growth will come from in the next five years. The closer collaboration can help JD.com increase delivery speeds to rural areas. “We believe this strategic alliance will help us grow e-commerce even faster in China,” said Dan Toporek, a spokesman for Wal-Mart. Josh Gartner, a JD.com spokesman in Beijing, declined to comment on the stock performance or the partnership with Wal-Mart. A significant share of JD.com’s business is generated from selling products it holds in its own inventory. This has helped speed deliveries, guarantee products’ authenticity and thus gain market share. It also has driven up costs. Operating losses are projected to widen to 1 billion yuan at the end of this year from 864 billion yuan in the first quarter, according to analysts surveyed by Bloomberg. The number of shares borrowed to sell JD.com short rose to 62.4 million last week, the most since the company’s 2014 initial public offering. “It’s more Wal-Mart’s attempt to increase their exposure to the Chinese retail sector than JD.com’s attempt to beat the main competitor,” Michelle Ma, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence, said by phone from Hong Kong. “Alibaba has a stronger overall online platform, in terms of user traffic, engagement, the brand name and the breadth of the product offering.” Jialong Shi, an analyst at Nomura who rates the stock a buy, said the collaboration with Wal-Mart should help the company gain an advantage in the fast-moving consumer goods industry, such as home appliances, soft drinks and processed foods. “For consumers online, you have a great partner to be able to do online to offline shopping with,” said Brendan Ahern, chief investment officer at KraneShares, which runs an exchange-traded fund investing in Chinese internet companies. “A partnership with a widely-known brand for Chinese consumers will have a big additive effect.” More from Retail GCC e-commerce on a high-growth path Trump win spurs physical gold buying in Europe Trump win triggers gold buying Consumers keep finding gold prices a burden Breakfast cereals are still a cool factor Consumers keep finding gold prices a burden Shoppers keep placing orders with US portals Get the robot to pick up what you need tags from this storyChina follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsRetail tagsChina follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In RetailGCC e-commerce on a high-growth path Business Gallery People panic after Modi scrap Rs 500, 1000 notes Apple unveils Nike+ smartwatch Business Videos PlayStrata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01Trump win spurs physical gold buying in Europe 02GCC e-commerce on a high-growth path 03Etisalat to offer iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus in UAE Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Britain is open for business Sep 20, 2016 10Images Apple unveils Nike+ smartwatch Oct 29, 2016 1Image In pictures: Evolution of Emirates airline Oct 25, 2015 9Images In pictures: World Economic Forum 2010 Jan 28, 2010 15Images Inside a Russian precious metals plant Oct 26, 2016 Retail Gold Rate Sponsored by Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Why expats risk fines to live in bed spaces Affordable housing under review in Dubai Emiratis in US warned of rising harrasment New Rs500, Rs2,000 notes not in UAE Crown Prince posts video of Dubai Canal Mirdif residents decry chiller charges Should UAE expats brace for weak dollar? Brother of Saudi Arabia's king dies Trump likely to end aid for Syrian rebels Close Recommended For You UAE, China popular for millennialsPUBLISHED ON Nov 13, 2016 Out of the incubator in MarrakechPUBLISHED ON Nov 13, 2016 Passengers can now get UAE visa using appPUBLISHED ON Nov 13, 2016 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
null
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 30° Air Quality: PSI 40-52 We set you thinking Monday 14 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business Monte dei Paschi board to meet Monday on debt conversion plan: source 1479057359 World Quake strikes New Zealand, thousands flee homes as tsunami hits 1479057291 China&India India raises cap on bank cash withdrawal to ease public anger 1479056657 Singapore Circle Line issue ‘shows the value of multi-agency approach to solving problems’ 1479032160 Voices Education of the young vital for animal welfare 1479056482 Business Executive condos regain shine in lacklustre market 1479056476 World Trump says 'certain areas' of border wall with Mexico could be fence 1479055132 World Iraq troops aim to tighten noose on Islamic State in Mosul 1479053769 World Iraqi troops say recapture Nimrud, site of Assyrian city 1479055273 Singapore Two schools pioneer initiative to reduce food waste 1479027060 World Zimbabwe's army chief says military has no role in Mugabe successor 1479052121 World Indian banks get $44 billion of old-currency notes in four days 1479052184 World French Far-right leader hopes for Trump-like win in 2017 election 1479053804 World Sarkozy courts 'silent majority' in French presidential race 1479035555 Sports Girl power as 15,000 turn up at Great Eastern Women’s Run 1479053480 China&India China’s shopping craze turns into environmental nightmare 1479053179 World Closer ties with China are inevitable: Najib 1479053173 Singapore S’pore-US defence ties ‘can strengthen’ under Trump 1479018960 Sports Lions’ winless streak finally ends with 1-0 triumph over Cambodia 1479048060 World Tsunami hits NZ after 7.5 magnitude quake strikes near Christchurch 1479037260 World Britain's Brexit firebrand Farage meets Trump in New York 1479045120 World India cenbank asks banks to furnish daily data on cash withdrawals 1479042485 Business Obama officials work against time to wrap banking rules 1479042313 Business Citi preparing to move 900 staff to Dublin from London: Sunday Times 1479041885 World France demands release of French journalist arrested in Turkey 1479039075 World Going it alone is not an option for U.S. or Europe, says NATO head 1479039598 World NZ Civil Defence says tsunami possible after strong quake 1479040538 World Turkey suspends 291 navy personnel over links to failed coup 1479038946 Business Brexit without transitional deal will damage economy: RBS Chairman 1479038860 World Iraqi Kurds' destruction of Arab villages could be war crime: HRW 1479038007 World At Mass for homeless, Pope warns of 'anaesthetized consciences' 1479035987 World Four children injured in suspected militant attack on Indonesia church 1479032630 World Moscow calling as Moldovans vote in presidential runoff 1478988278 World Islamic State's Pakistan attack highlights changing tactics 1479034964 World Afghan parliament dismisses more ministers despite pleas 1479035288 Entertainment Jackie Chan ‘finally’ gets an Oscar 1479034860 World U.S. to push ahead on climate pact before Trump takes over: Kerry 1479032289 World Former air force commander tipped to win Bulgarian presidency 1479019809 World Afghan parliament dismisses two more ministers, finance minister survives 1479031644 World Fragile army gains in Mosul leave residents exposed 1479029137 Business Prosecutors to question South Korean president over political scandal 1479029666 Singapore S’pore and M’sia bilateral military exercises demonstrate ‘unity in spirit’, says army officials 1479030372 Sports Youth development guru Tom Byer sows seeds in Singapore 1479029280 Business After Trump and Brexit shocks, UK finance minister hopes to ease voters' frustrations 1479028573 Singapore Confidence in Singapore’s air power after ‘successful’ military exercise: Ng Eng Hen 1479027674 World Kerry hopes to revive TPP trade deal 1479026173 World Stop mixing politics with religion, says Indonesian minister over Jakarta protest 1478894460 World South Korea prosecution official confirms plan to question President Park 1479024328 World South Korean prosecutors to question president this week over political scandal: Yonhap 1479020946 World Trump’s hires will set course of his presidency 1479022860 Business Wal-Mart ups entry-level manager salaries ahead of overtime rule General view shows a Wal-Mart store in Monterrey. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 6:25 AM, October 12, 2016 Updated: 6:50 AM, October 12, 2016 Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N> has raised salaries for entry-level managers before a rule change that extends mandatory overtime pay to more than 4 million U.S. workers, in an attempt to shield itself from unpredictable additional costs for salaried employees. Wal-Mart raised salaries from $45,000 to $48,500 annually for employees including store management, spokesman Randy Hargrove said on Tuesday. The retailer did not break out the number of employees who received the raise. The new Obama administration rule, set to take effect Dec. 1, will require employers to pay overtime to salaried workers earning less than $47,500 a year, double the current threshold of $23,660. "We think the starting rate of $48,500 a year ... would make a lot of business sense for our company," Hargrove said. Wal-Mart is the largest private employer in the United States and employs 1.5 million workers, which includes store staff, store management and truck drivers. The managerial raises went into effect in September when Wal-Mart paid more than $201 million in second-quarter bonuses to hourly store staff as 99 percent of its stores met targets for cleanliness, faster checkout and better service. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart increased entry level wages to $10 an hour and in December 2015 said it would invest $2.7 billion in employee compensation and training over two years. These increases come at a time when the retailer is cutting back-office jobs and announced the elimination of about 7,000 positions, mostly in accounting and invoicing at its U.S. stores. The new overtime rule is likely to touch nearly every sector of the U.S. economy, with the biggest impact on retail, hospitality and restaurants. Last month, officials from 21 U.S. states filed a lawsuit claiming the new overtime rule will place a heavy burden on state budgets. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce and other business groups also filed a separate challenge to the rule in the same federal court. Business groups have said the rule will force employers to demote some salaried management workers to hourly positions and create more part-time jobs that do not offer benefits. Only 7 percent of full-time salaried employees are currently eligible for overtime pay down from 62 percent in 1975, according to the Department of Labor. (Wal-Mart corrects to say it raised entry-level salaries from $45,000 and not $47,746) REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 With dollars scarce, Egypt's newly floated pound weakens While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What next for Singapore’s private housing market? What are the differences leading a start-up vs an MNC? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Wall Street soars as investors see higher chance of Clinton win Wall Street gains as traders bet on Clinton triumph Inside Today World Quake strikes New Zealand, thousands flee homes as tsunami hits India raises cap on bank cash withdrawal to ease public anger Iraqi troops say recapture Nimrud, site of Assyrian city Trump says 'certain areas' of border wall with Mexico could be fence French Far-right leader hopes for Trump-like win in 2017 election Business Executive condos regain shine in lacklustre market Obama officials work against time to wrap banking rules Citi preparing to move 900 staff to Dublin from London: Sunday Times Brexit without transitional deal will damage economy: RBS Chairman Prosecutors to question South Korean president over political scandal Sports Girl power as 15,000 turn up at Great Eastern Women’s Run Lions’ winless streak finally ends with 1-0 triumph over Cambodia Youth development guru Tom Byer sows seeds in Singapore Local MMA fighters do Singapore proud at ONE: Defending Honor S’pore’s junior shuttlers edged out at world meet Entertainment Jackie Chan ‘finally’ gets an Oscar Meet single mother Azizah, who takes care of 4 children and an elderly mum ‘Depressed’ De Niro backs anti-Trump protests New NLB free app offers unlimited downloads for selected titles The cheat sheet to French films About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
× Subscribe News Features Events CanPlastics TV Resin Prices Buyers Guide Plastiques et Moules Contacts Advertise Topics Automotive Canadian Plastics Construction Economy Environment Materials Moldmaking Packaging Plastics Processes Research & Development Suppliers/People Sustainability Digital Edition View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives Subscribe News SPE picks annual thermoforming parts competition winners Profile Plastics, headquartered in Lake Bluff, Ill., wins big for its "surgical system cover set.” Topics Plastics Processes Research & Development More News Print this page Tweet October 18, 2016 by Canadian Plastics The Society of Plastics Engineers (SPE) has announced the winners of the SPE Thermoforming Division annual parts competition. The awards were presented during the Thermoforming Division’s annual conference, held in September in Schaumburg, Ill. They were presented in twenty categories. The categories and winners are: “People’s Choice” and Heavy Gauge Pressure Form – Gold. Profile Plastics, Lake Bluff, Ill., for the “Surgical system cover set.” “This cover set is designed to attractively enclose a surgical waste management system used in hospital operating rooms,” SPE said. “The latest generation of these parts made from female pressure form tools results in improved cosmetic appearance, fewer formed parts, faster assembly and lower cost, primarily due to molded in features from complex tools that were not possible with previous generation parts made from male vacuum form tools.” “People’s Choice” and Heavy Gauge Pressure Form – Gold winner: The surgical system cover set. Roll Fed Consumer – Gold.  Jamestown Plastics, Brockton, N.Y., for the “Click it Clam.” “This innovative clamshell design has a patented locking feature which allows it to be easily opened and closed with one hand,” SPE said. “The user simply has to push on the lower part of the flange under the pin, which forces the wall to deflect, releasing the pin and allowing the lid to pop open. Simply snap the lid back down to close and it is secured when you hear the audible ‘click.’” Roll Fed Consumer – Silver.  Transparent Container Company, Addison, Ill., for the “Sharpie Markers tray.” “The Sharpie .022 PVC tray was designed to be easily filled by hand with the 30 markers, yet still meet Walmart’s required external measurements,” SPE said. “This allowed the finished package to be easily stored and displayed onsite. The structural design of the PVC tray for the markers displays them in an orderly fashion and also provides a place for consumers to store them conveniently at home.  In addition, it keeps them secure during shipping and display at Walmart.” Roll Fed Recycled – Gold.  Innovative Plastech Inc., Batavia, Ill., for the “Book and recorder clamshell.” “The book and recorder clamshell is a hanging package, designed to hold both a music book and a musical instrument for sale at retail stores,” SPE said. “The package is made from .020-inch clear recycled PVC. For security of contents while hanging, the clamshell is designed with 6 button snaps around the perimeter of the package. The platform snap loses its effectiveness with such a long package, so the button snaps provide additional consistent and sure closure. Once purchased, it can be repeatedly opened and shut by the customer so that it acts as a protective case for the instrument as well as the music book.” Roll Fed Medical – Gold.  Barger, Placon’s medical specialists, Elkhart, Ind., for the “Medical liner to protect orthopedic implants.” “This thin‐gauge, vacuum formed TPU medical liner offers rugged protection for medical orthopedic implants as well adding impact resistance to the containing PETG sterile blisters,” SPE said. Roll Fed Medical – Silver.  OMG, Via Torino, Italy, for the “Surgical knives sterilization unit.” “A revolutionary thermoforming machine able to produce – starting from roll‐fed or sheet‐fed PS plastic rolls or sheet – a ready‐to‐use surgical knives sterilization container,” SPE said. Heavy Gauge Vacuum Form – Gold.  Associated Thermoforming, Berthoud, Colo., for the “Touch Tower.” “Manufactured for a major soda producer, this is multi‐part beverage dispensing system employs LED touch technology for the dispensing choices,” SPE said. “Vacuum formed from 0.125-inch gauge high gloss metallic silver, black, and red materials, the structure is derived from assembling to the skins vacuum‐formed ribs.” Heavy Gauge Vacuum Form – Silver.  Electro-General Plastics, Grove City, Ohio, for the “Koala assembly.” “The koala ear withholds a metal bracket between the outer and inner koala ears to improve its strength and ease the assembly of on location install,” SPE said. “To construct the koala assembly, MP 55420 structural adhesive metal is used to bond the metal to the ABS and the 1707 Weld‐on adhesive is used to bond the ABS to the ABS. Many different glue brands were tested for the bonding of the koala ear parts. The 1707 ABS substrates (Weld‐on adhesive) changed the outer color to orange where the outer and inner ears had a tight fit. This was resolved by using 100 per cent silicone in these tight areas. This resolution fixates the three parts, inner ear, outer ear, and internal metal bracket, together to create one durable assembly.” Heavy Gauge Pressure Form – Silver.  Providien Thermoforming, San Diego, Calif., for the “Fascia and door front to an automated microbiology system.” “This enclosure assembly serves as the fascia and door front to an automated microbiology system,” SPE said. “The assembly is a mix of single sheet and twin sheet pressure formed parts providing an aesthetic and functional entry point into the system.  Material is custom colour acrylic‐PVC blend and is formed on a mix of textured and smooth multi‐cavity production tools. The tools are built from machined aluminum and include embedded temperature control.” Heavy Gauge TPO – Gold.  Brentwood Industries, Reading, Pa., for the “Dash assembly.” “Dash assembly for low entry heavy truck cabs, made up of twenty components – six thermoformed, two machined, and twelve injection molded louvers,” SPE said. “The show surface of the main dash top is pressure formed while the other thermoformed duct work components are vacuum formed out of TPO. The duct work is assembled to ensure airtightness by using VHB tape and gaskets. The TPO processed is a custom colour matched LyondellBasell E3400.” Heavy Gauge TPO – Silver.  Plastitel, Laval, Que., for the “Bus cargo doors.” “The bus manufacturer has always used FRP for many of its exterior parts,” SPE said. “All of its side skirts and baggage doors were converted from traditional FRP to a TPO using a twin sheet thermoforming process. Combining the TPO and twin sheet process reduced production time, removed the painting process, and improved the aesthetics.” Heavy Gauge Value Add – Gold.  Medallion Plastics, Elkhart, Ind., for the “Motorhome interior dash.” “Using ceramic tooling that is non‐water cooled, Medallion Plastics is able to use innovative design techniques to allow for negative drafts on the tooling to produce high-end-looking automotive parts for the RV industry,” SPE said. Heavy Gauge Value Add – Silver.  Allied Plastics, Twin Lakes, Wis., for the “Propeller case.” “The case had to be built very tough, because it needs to pass UPS shipping drop test standards,” SPE said. “This project started out as a single sheet case, but it was soon realized that a twin sheet design was needed to offer the robustness to protect the prop inside. The propeller is secured in the case by a nylon dowel and receiver.  The prop hub sits snugly on a receiver in the center of the base. High density foam, mounted on the dowel, fits between the propeller hub and top cover. The dowel – secured on the top half – fits within the receiver to interlock the propeller in place. The top and bottom halves of the case are secured by four steel locking clasps.” Heavy Gauge Innovation – Gold.  Profile Plastics, Lake Bluff, Ill., for the “Body protection plates.” “Two twin‐sheet parts are designed to absorb large amounts of energy at a controlled rate for use in personal protection application,” SPE said. “Sophisticated tool and process design was required to achieve strict customer cosmetic and technical requirements, including a challenging multi‐planar pinch geometry.” Heavy Gauge Innovation – Silver.  Hampel, Germantown, Wis., for the “Calf-Tec unit.”  Designed to replace wood hutches that house diary calves, the Calf-Tec hutch is formed on a large (2) up male cast aluminum tool, multiple zoned temperature controlled with a deep draw and curved to match the cover,” SPE said. “The front is formed on a large (2) up twin‐sheet cast aluminum tool, multiple zoned temperature controlled with a deep draw and vertical twin sheet edges. There is a large amount of plastic welding overall, and incorporated features for secondary attachment of other parts: door, pins, pails, etc. The cover is formed on a large (2) up twin‐sheet cast aluminum tool, multiple zone temperature controlled and curved to match the hutch.” Twin Sheet – Gold.  Associated Thermoforming, Berthoud, Colo., for the “Wheel chair shower.”  “The single oven twin-sheet process creates a part that is very strong, withstanding the point‐loading of a person in a wheelchair concentrated on the contact of the two wheels only,” SPE said. “The top surface has features molded in it to facilitate draining and the attachment of the walls and doors. Both parts are formed from 0.187-inch gauge virgin high gloss ABS.” Twin Sheet – Silver.  Corvac, Kentwood, Mich., for the “Underbody shield.” “The panel assembly serves as an underbody engine compartment closeout with an integral service door,” SPE said. “Its function is to protect sensitive components in the engine compartment from infiltration of water and debris, provide enhanced underbody aerodynamic airflow benefitting fuel economy, and assist in overall acoustic performance.” Sheet Fed Recycled – Gold.  Valley Industrial Products, Fort Valley, Ga., for the “front face of a decorative wall protection system.” “This laminated, vacuum formed product is utilized as the front face of decorative wall protection system,” SPE said. “The film is pre‐laminated into extruded 100 per cent post-industrial regrind polyester material, produced on a twin-screw dryer-less extruder. The front face of film is topside printed by UV (solvent-less) screen printing technology. Total assembly is then vacuum formed using a temperature controlled array of frosted, incandescent reflective bulbs.” Print this page Tweet Related SPE announces 2015 Thermoforming Parts Competition winners SPE announces thermoforming parts competition winners SPE wants entries for thermoforming parts competition SPE Antec picks global parts competition winners Have your say: Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * E-mail * Website Resin Prices Information courtesy www.theplasticsexchange.com. Prices are in US funds and are updated throughout the day. The Windsor Mold Expo: Bigger And Better Than Ever Celanese buying Italian compounder SO.F.TER. Group Services Buyers Guide Update Buyers’ Guide Listing Subscribe Contacts Advertise Magazines View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives View Digital Edition Trending Quebec’s IPL Inc. involved in rigid plastic packaging acquisition Worker dies in accident at Ventra Plastics PATRICK PLASTICS isn’t going it alone Schulman posts big loss in Q4 2016 Maguire partners with Syncro to develop extrusion control technology Amcor buys Chinese flexible packaging supplier Hebei Qite Plastics Related Training in Canada Manufacturing Network Sitemap Privacy Policy Copyright Notice © Copyright 2016 Annex Business Media × Close REDWIRE Powered by FRASERS REDWIRE is News you can use from Leading Suppliers. Why? Suppliers realize that B2B Buyer behavior has changed and so must they. Fact is buyers are doing a lot more upfront online research as part of their buying process today. Leading Suppliers want to support this buying process with useful facts, insights and newsworthy content – goes well beyond your typical press release or web site content. Suppliers realize that the content cannot just be “self serving” in nature because the content will not engage and be useful to prospective buyers. Post your own REDWIRE News Okay
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 42° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Mostly clear. Tonight A few passing clouds, otherwise generally clear. Low 39F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 13, 2016 @ 8:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close AP Photo/Jae C. Hong Wal-Mart ups entry-level manager salaries ahead of overtime rule By Daniel Wiessner and Nandita Bose • Reuters Oct 11, 2016 (…) AP Photo/Jae C. Hong Editor's note: Entry-level salaries have been raised from $45,000, not $47,746 as first reported, Wal-Mart says. CHICAGO • Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has raised salaries for entry-level managers before a rule change that extends mandatory overtime pay to more than 4 million U.S. workers, in an attempt to shield itself from unpredictable additional costs for salaried employees. Wal-Mart raised salaries from $45,000 to $48,500 annually for employees including store management, spokesman Randy Hargrove said on Tuesday. The retailer did not break out the number of employees who received the raise. The new Obama administration rule, set to take effect Dec. 1, will require employers to pay overtime to salaried workers earning less than $47,500 a year, double the current threshold of $23,660. "We think the starting rate of $48,500 a year ... would make a lot of business sense for our company," Hargrove said. Wal-Mart is the largest private employer in the United States and employs 1.5 million workers, which includes store staff, store management and truck drivers. The managerial raises went into effect in September when Wal-Mart paid more than $201 million in second-quarter bonuses to hourly store staff as 99 percent of its stores met targets for cleanliness, faster checkout and better service. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart increased entry level wages to $10 an hour and in December 2015 said it would invest $2.7 billion in employee compensation and training over two years. Who's hired? Check our People in Business Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher These increases come at a time when the retailer is cutting back-office jobs and announced the elimination of about 7,000 positions, mostly in accounting and invoicing at its U.S. stores. The new overtime rule is likely to touch nearly every sector of the U.S. economy, with the biggest impact on retail, hospitality and restaurants. Last month, officials from 21 U.S. states filed a lawsuit claiming the new overtime rule will place a heavy burden on state budgets. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce and other business groups also filed a separate challenge to the rule in the same federal court. Business groups have said the rule will force employers to demote some salaried management workers to hourly positions and create more part-time jobs that do not offer benefits. Only 7 percent of full-time salaried employees are currently eligible for overtime pay down from 62 percent in 1975, according to the Department of Labor.   Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank Tags Salary Overtime View (…) comments Most popular Lord & Taylor closing downtown St. Louis office, laying off 77 IT employees How the Trump agenda could change the way St. Louis does business Plans for St. Peters shopping center advance Panera closes St. Louis Bread Co. on South Grand GM to lay off 2,000 workers at plants in Michigan and Ohio Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Survivors of sexual abuse launch retail business Bravely in St. Louis U.S. special-needs families face complex retirement planning For retirees, immediate annuities provide a check for life Trailnet pitches plan for connected paths along St. Louis streets J.C. Penney cuts sales forecast as turnaround bid stumbles Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Subscribe to the Post-Dispatch today and find what you're looking for Get your Blues gear from the Post-Dispatch Store! See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Wal-Mart ups entry-level manager salaries ahead of overtime rule By Daniel Wiessner and Nandita Bose ReutersOctober 11, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share A general view shows a Wal-Mart store in Monterrey, Mexico, August 10, 2016. REUTERS/Daniel BecerrilMore By Daniel Wiessner and Nandita Bose (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc has raised salaries for entry-level managers before a rule change that extends mandatory overtime pay to more than 4 million U.S. workers, in an attempt to shield itself from unpredictable additional costs for salaried employees. Wal-Mart raised salaries from $45,000 to $48,500 annually for employees including store management, spokesman Randy Hargrove said on Tuesday. The retailer did not break out the number of employees who received the raise. The new Obama administration rule, set to take effect Dec. 1, will require employers to pay overtime to salaried workers earning less than $47,500 a year, double the current threshold of $23,660. "We think the starting rate of $48,500 a year ... would make a lot of business sense for our company," Hargrove said. Wal-Mart is the largest private employer in the United States and employs 1.5 million workers, which includes store staff, store management and truck drivers. The managerial raises went into effect in September when Wal-Mart paid more than $201 million in second-quarter bonuses to hourly store staff as 99 percent of its stores met targets for cleanliness, faster checkout and better service. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart increased entry level wages to $10 an hour and in December 2015 said it would invest $2.7 billion in employee compensation and training over two years. These increases come at a time when the retailer is cutting back-office jobs and announced the elimination of about 7,000 positions, mostly in accounting and invoicing at its U.S. stores. The new overtime rule is likely to touch nearly every sector of the U.S. economy, with the biggest impact on retail, hospitality and restaurants. Last month, officials from 21 U.S. states filed a lawsuit claiming the new overtime rule will place a heavy burden on state budgets. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce and other business groups also filed a separate challenge to the rule in the same federal court. Business groups have said the rule will force employers to demote some salaried management workers to hourly positions and create more part-time jobs that do not offer benefits. Only 7 percent of full-time salaried employees are currently eligible for overtime pay down from 62 percent in 1975, according to the Department of Labor. (Wal-Mart corrects to say it raised entry-level salaries from $45,000 and not $47,746) (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; Editing by Andrew Hay) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Half of Japan firms reviewing work hours, with cuts to overtime in focus: Reuters poll Reuters Top 11 Earnings for the Week Ahead 247wallst.com Alabama is unanimous No. 1 as Ohio State moves to No. 2 in AP poll Dr. Saturday President-Elect Trump Picks Reince Priebus as His Chief of Staff ABC News Videos Donald Trump on 60 Minutes: The 10 Most Surprising Revelations TVLine.com Miami Marlins Jose Fernandez dies in boating accident Yahoo News Photo Staff Adidas and Under Armour are locked in a bitter battle to be Nike's top US competitor — here's who's likely to win Business Insider 4-Year-Old Granted Wish to Be Drafted Onto College Baseball Team ABC News Videos Trump firm on agenda but says Americans have nothing to fear AFP Top Trump Ally Warns of 'Rebellion' Over Possible Chief of Staff Pick Good Morning America Russell Simmons Sends Sternly-Worded Prayer to 'Old Friend' Donald Trump Complex Flamingos from above Yahoo News Photo Staff Drugmakers improve access for poor, GSK ranked top Reuters Index: Amazon Prohibited From Providing Refunds with Gift Cards Instead of Cash or Credit ABC News Videos ‘Surprise!’ Pink Announces She’s Pregnant With Baby No. 2 People Kate McKinnon as Hillary Clinton sings ‘Hallelujah’ in emotional ‘SNL’ open Yahoo News Donald Trump's Shocking Election Victory Nick: It's not shocking, no one wanted a dishonest, corrupt, incompetent, deceptive despicable person in the white house, that's why hillary is home now. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 406 Mike Evans kneels during anthem to protest Trump: 'Something's not right' Shutdown Corner Eugene Richards’ ‘Below the Line: Living Poor in America’ Yahoo News Photo Staff Oil prices extend declines on oversupply worries Reuters Yoga Instructor Accused of Murdering Her Identical Twin ABC News Videos Trump vows to deport or imprison up to 3 million immigrants: interview AFP Forde-Yard Dash: Eight teams left in College Football Playoff race Yahoo Sports US Jared Kushner's Prominent Role in Father-in-Law Donald Trump's Transition Good Morning America Photos of the day - October 14, 2016 Yahoo News Photo Staff San Francisco just took an unprecedented stand against soda — and it should terrify Coke and Pepsi Business Insider Southeast Ravaged by 43 Wildfires Spread Across 8 States ABC News Videos Michael Moore Blasts Donald Trump as 'Illegitimate President' as He Tours Trump Tower Good Morning America Anti-Trump protests continue in New York, LA, Philadelphia Associated Press 3 Troubling Ways Parents Help Kids Become Liars Yahoo Parenting Airstrikes in Yemen Yahoo News Photo Staff Japanese firms face tighter audits after Toshiba scandal - Reuters poll Reuters Major Earthquake Strikes New Zealand, Killing at Least 2 People ABC News Videos Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms


Strategy BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. I spent 4 days in Arkansas for the 14,000-person Walmart shareholders meeting, and it's unlike anything else in the corporate world Richard Feloni Jun. 10, 2016, 10:11 AM 208,507 facebook linkedin twitter email print More than 14,000 people from around the world attended this year's meeting.Richard Feloni There is nothing else in the corporate world like the Walmart Shareholders Meeting. On June 3, more than 14,000 Walmart employees, executives, and shareholders poured into the University of Arkansas' Bud Walton Arena. Updates on the past fiscal year's performance as well as the company's latest initiatives were interspersed with comedy from "The Late Late Show" host James Corden and musical performances that included Nick Jonas and Katy Perry. And this was all before noon. Shareholders fly to northwest Arkansas for this four-hour meeting, but most employees arrive earlier in the week, and the media is given a full three-day schedule. I arrived in Bentonville, where Walmart is based, on the Tuesday ahead of the meeting. Here's what I saw during my four days immersed in the culture of the world's biggest retailer. View As: One Page Slides Shortly after arriving in Bentonville, I took a trip to the town's square for a tour of the Walmart Museum. Employees — or "associates," as they're called — were arriving on shuttles. Here are some from Canada. Richard Feloni Employees from each country gave a unique cheer in front of the museum and posed for photos. Team Mexico, the oldest international branch, had a great fiscal year to be proud of. Richard Feloni The museum is the renovated and expanded Walton's Five and Dime, a store that opened in 1950, predating Walmart by 12 years. It was the first store that Walmart founder Sam Walton established in Bentonville. Richard Feloni The museum lobby is a nostalgic throwback to Walton's early years as a small-time merchant, and it has old-time candies and toys for sale. Richard Feloni President George H.W. Bush presented Walton with the Presidential Medal of Freedom, on display in the museum, on March 17, 1992, for Walton's contributions to the American economy. He received it two weeks before his death. In his posthumous memoir, "Made in America," Walton called the award ceremony "the greatest day of my life." Richard Feloni After his death, Walton's office was meticulously recreated in the museum. The painting of him and his hunting dogs hangs on a tilt, the way it did in its original location. Richard Feloni Associates coming through the museum that week were encouraged to place a sticker on their places of origin on a map near the exit. Each international store and every other American store (they alternate each year) chose a shareholders meeting representative on merit. Richard Feloni Despite the shrine to 1950s and '60s small-town America in the museum, downtown Bentonville features new hangouts that wouldn't be out of place in a college town. And a mile outside the square is the beautiful Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art, largely funded by Walton's daughter, Alice. Richard Feloni Farther out from the square is the Walmart Home Office, what the executives call their headquarters. You'd expect the world's largest retailer to have a high-rise, but Walmart headquarters looks more like a public high school, in keeping with Sam Walton's preferences. Walmart We had an early start Wednesday, heading to the University of Arkansas campus in Fayetteville to attend the US Associates Meeting in the Bud Walton Arena. An associate sang the national anthem. Richard Feloni "Sam Walton was the ultimate item merchant," Chief Merchandising Officer Steve Bratspies told the audience, encouraging them to focus on selling more Walmart exclusives like emoji pillows. Walmart COO Judith McKenna commended exceptional employees with "Happy to Help" awards. She also revealed that Walmart's old mascot, Smiley, was making a comeback in both advertising and employee awards. Richard Feloni TV personality Steve Harvey was the morning's guest host, and he entered to uproarious applause. He moderated a game of "Family Feud" between Walmart executives and employees. (The executives won by a point, but everyone pretended it was a tie to avoid a riot, as Harvey put it.) Richard Feloni The Associate Expo, a sort-of corporate county fair, narrowly missed being rained out. Employees could play games, like a tricycle race. Richard Feloni They could also enjoy free snacks and hang out with mascots, like this waffle guy. Richard Feloni The expo provided free Yarnell's Ice Cream, a small Arkansas brand that Sam Walton used to both sell and eat plenty of. Richard Feloni Aside from the snacks, there was a petting zoo with some goats and a camel — but most people were drawn to its puppies. Richard Feloni We then headed to the first Walmart Academy, in Fayetteville. The company showcased two new initiatives intended to drive recruitment, retainment, and engagement: Pathways and the Academy itself. Walmart All new entry-level employees will be enrolled in Pathways, a map of promotional opportunities and training programs, and all new managers will spend two weeks at the nearest Walmart Academy for a crash course in Walmart leadership. "We want [employees] to really think of retail as a career," said Michelle Knight, vice president of US talent development. Walmart That night I was the only American reporter to attend the concert, also held at the Bud Walton Arena. Daughtry opened, ending their set with a cover of Prince's "Purple Rain." None of the performers or celebrities who make appearances during the shareholders festivities are compensated, but their production companies all have strong distribution relationships with Walmart. Richard Feloni The headliner was 3 Doors Down, which lauded Walmart's ability to sell albums, as well as its dedication to giving employment options to veterans. I don't listen to either of the bands that performed that night, but the high production quality of the show made it entertaining. Richard Feloni Thursday was the day of tours, and our first stop was a 1.2 million-square-foot distribution center in Bentonville. A key reason why Walmart's prices are remarkably low is because the company controls more of its distribution process than other retailers. Richard Feloni Walmart's forklifts are powered by hydrogen fuel stations, which only need three minutes for a full charge. Richard Feloni Employees are stationed throughout the facility to ensure everything's running smoothly. Richard Feloni The distribution center was truly massive. Richard Feloni A key to competing with rivals like Amazon will be staying on top of technologies that keep the distribution process as efficient as possible, like this new high-speed bar code scanner. The tour ended with a look at a drone (we couldn't photograph it), which can handle a warehouse-wide inventory check in a day — a job that takes a month when done manually. That technology will be at a "mature stage" in six to nine months. Richard Feloni Another key to Walmart's competitive advantage is its truck fleet, which is constantly being redeveloped to be as safe, comfortable, and fuel-efficient as possible. Richard Feloni We then headed to a Sam's Club in Bentonville (Walmart owns the chain, named after its founder), which is being developed as a prototype for what the wholesaler will look like across the world by the end of the year. Richard Feloni There is an emphasis on high-end, fresh seafood, meats, and prepared foods — stuff you'd find at Whole Foods, but cheaper. Richard Feloni Sam's Club CEO Rosalind Brewer said that her company is reinventing itself for a higher-income consumer. This is dramatically emphasized at the Bentonville location, where you can buy a $200,000 necklace. Richard Feloni Walmart US President and CEO Greg Foran led a tour of a Walmart Neighborhood Market in Fayetteville. The Neighborhood Markets are 24/7 supermarkets that are also emphasizing fresh, affordable items. Walmart There were common themes between the Neighborhood Market tour and the Supercenter (the model most affiliated with the brand) tour in Rogers that followed, like the focus on stress-free pickup for online orders. Walmart Walmart's leadership was also eager to point out Walmart Pay, its proprietary answer to Apple Pay and Samsung Pay introduced at the end of last year. Walmart Among all of Walmart's entities is a renewed focus on private-label products. We ended the day at the new Culinary and Innovation Center in Bentonville, where many of these products will be developed. Celebrity chef Robert Irvine, who has an upcoming line of food products at Walmart, stopped by to say hello and praise the company. Richard Feloni Friday was the big day. At 7:30 a.m., the Bud Walton Arena was already roaring. Richard Feloni "The Late Late Show" host James Corden was this year's celebrity emcee. He was hilarious, and it was fun watching him fearlessly — but good-naturedly — roast Walmart's leadership. (For chairman Greg Penner, the husband of Sam Walton's granddaughter Carrie Walton Penner: "He worked tirelessly — at marrying Rob Walton's daughter.") Walmart Updates on Walmart's annual performance were punctuated with musical performances, like this one from Nick Jonas. Walmart A shadow was lingering all week outside of Walmart's bubble — the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union, which supported protests of what it perceives as Walmart's low wages and lack of opportunity. Its side had a moment in the meeting, when employee Margaret Hooton argued during the section for shareholder proposals that she has yet to see positive changes at her store and is still struggling to make ends meet. Richard Feloni Sam Walton's children — Jim, Alice, and Rob — presented Sam's Club Senior Vice President Cindy O'Connor with the Entrepreneur of the Year Award for her work in helping transform the company for a higher-income, more tech-savvy consumer. Walmart Wal-Mart Stores Inc. CEO Doug McMillon — the head of the entire company — gave the keynote. He opened with the story of how Sam Walton built Walmart, using a paper book that had animations projected onto it. He said that Walmart was entering an entirely new chapter in its life, and that it would have ramifications across the industry. "We have the opportunity to reimagine retail again," he said. Walmart McMillon pointed to a $2.7 billion investment in wages and new training programs over the next two years for its 2.3 million employees. He picked an Arkansas Supercenter employee named Dwight Blanton out from the crowd as a model employee and gave him a promotion to assistant manager. Walmart The meeting was capped off with a surprise performance from Katy Perry, complete with a light show and smoke machines. In his memoir, Walton said that the carnivalistic shareholders meetings evolved from a desire to have fun with employees and give them a boost of motivation — and the annual spectacle only grew after his death in 1992. "We like to think that this kind of meeting brings us all closer together and creates the feeling that we are a family committed to one common interest," he wrote. Richard Feloni SEE ALSO: Walmart is developing a drone More: Features Walmart Shareholders Meeting 2016 Walmart facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru I spent 4 days in Arkansas for the 14,000-person Walmart shareholders meeting, and it's unlike anything else in the corporate world I spent 4 days in Arkansas for the 14,000-person Walmart shareholders meeting, and it's unlike anything else in the corporate world There is nothing else in the corporate world... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Rochester Business Journal Menu About the RBJ Staff Directory Contact Us Customer Service Submit News Advertise Daily Report Signup Print Edition – Free Trial RBJ Online Store Retail Locations Event Registration Full Site Site Map Sort. Merge. Mail. Prospect. Do it all with the new Book of Lists on CD. Click here. Wal-Mart begins training academy in Batavia By KERRY FELTNER • October 11, 2016 Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s training academy started Tuesday in Batavia, Genesee County. The academy’s purpose is to train front-line supervisors. One of the ways the company plans to do so is with a new program called Pathways that helps employees learn leadership, merchandising, operations, technology and customer service, officials said. Academies are a dedicated facility located in, or adjacent to, a Walmart Supercenter where hourly supervisors and department managers receive two weeks of hands-on training that combines both the classroom and the sales floor. “Our training academies help provide associates with the skills they need to succeed and advance, while creating a better and more consistent customer experience,” said Keith Wyche, regional general manager for Wal-Mart. “Skills training increases productivity, confidence and knowledge, which leads to greater job satisfaction, personal and professional growth and helps make working at Walmart a smart career choice.” At each of the 200 academies nationwide associates will be trained from approximately 25 nearby stores, the company said. This will allow Wal-Mart to train over 140,000 associates a year and will help associates have more access to training. Leaders of the training will include a team of roughly 14 associates with retail operations experience at each site. Follow Kerry Feltner on Twitter: @KerryFeltner © 2016 Rochester Business Journal. To obtain permission to reprint this article, call 585-546-8303 or e-mail service@rbj.net. Receive a free six-week trial of the Rochester Business Journal print edition. Click here. Full Site | Contact Us | Daily Report Signup | Print Edition | Advertise ©2016 Rochester Business Journal. All rights reserved.
Login Profile Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Mobile Tablet Browse Archives Front Page News Calendar Church Columns Sports Obituaries Classifieds Legals Subscribe Media Kit Contact Us Submission Forms Letters to the Editor Anniversary Birth Announcement Calendar of Events Classified Order Display Ad Order Engagement Obituary Senior's Birthday Wedding General Dining & Entertainment Home Automotive Real Estate & Auctions Display Classifieds Index 2016-10-11 / News Tweet Print Trunk or treat celebration A Halloween celebration for the whole family sponsored by the Cloverdale United Methodist Church will be held on Monday, October 31 from 6:00pm- 8:00pm (set-up starts at 5:00pm). Children are invited to wear costumes and trick or treat while viewing decorated cars in the church parking lot. The event will include: •Pumpkin decorating contest (deadline 3:00pm, October 31st) - winner to receive $25 gift card to Walmart •Trunk decorating contest (deadline 3:00pm, October 28th) - winner to receive $25 gift card to Walmart •Coloring contest - (deadline October 28, 5:30pm) - winners to receive $25 gift card to Walmart •Refreshments For more information or to reserve a spot for your decorated vehicle, pumpkin carving entry, and/or participate in the Halloween coloring contest, call the church at 765-795-4391 or online at cloverdaleumc.org “Use your change to make a change” You can vote for your favorite carved pumpkin and decorated trunk with your spare “Change.” All monies will go to support the Women’s Centers Ministry in Cloverdale. Return to top Login to post comments Click here for digital edition Newspaper web site content management software and services Copyright © 2011-2016 The Hoosier Topics
null
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Is JC Penney the Next Great Retailer? InvestorPlace 10/11/2016 Will Ashworth © Spencer Platt/Getty Images Customers check-out at the newly opened J.C. Penney store at the Gateway Center Mall in Brooklyn, the retail company's first Brooklyn store in New York City. Spencer Platt/Getty Images A recent news report from the New York Post suggests that J.C. Penney (JCP) is copying Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) by putting greeters at the front of its stores. The test, which is being conducted at some JCPenney stores in the Northeast region is a bit of twist on Walmart’s use of greeters. Quotes in the article JC Penney Co Inc JCP ▲ 9.16 +0.35 +3.97% Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 71.23 -0.16 -0.22% Cowen Group Inc COWN = 3.20 0.00 0.00% Sears Holdings Corp SHLD ▲ 12.67 +0.43 +3.51% Rather than employing full-time employees at the front of the store for the entire day, they’re being asked to greet customers between the hours of noon and 2 p.m. Why these two hours in the middle of the day? While it’s not entirely clear, I would assume it’s because JC Penney considers these two hours, what they term “power hours,” to be the period in the day where greeters can make the greatest difference between mediocre and above-average revenue at a particular store. Greeters have been successful for Walmart since it reintroduced the idea back in 2012. According to a Cowen and Company survey from late in 2015, 75% of 2,506 Walmart customers surveyed said they were happy with their shopping experience, while 60% found the customer service to be satisfactory. That might not seem like a lot but it’s WMT’s best result in two years. Exactly what does this have to do with JCP and JCPenney stock? 10 Hot Stocks That Made Millionaires in 10 Years Well, despite some employees complaining the two-hour customer schmooze fest was increasing lines at the cash registers, the reality is that JCP has figured out that if it’s to survive and even thrive, it has got to do a better job engaging the customer. It’s not enough to have employees sit at the cash register and take the customers’ money, they’ve got to be out in the front of the store welcoming people. What’s Giving JC Penney Stock New Life? While still early in the test, it’s a good example of why I believe JC Penney stock is going in the right direction compared to Sears Holdings Corp (SHLD), whose latest move to sell its Craftsman brand for up to $2 billion is proof positive the once great department store is gradually winding down its retail operations. Everything most go, including its iconic brands such as Craftsmen and Kenmore. Meanwhile, over at JCP, it’s ramping up appliance sales at its stores, something it abandoned 33 years ago to focus on apparel. JC Penney CEO Marvin Ellison just happens to be a veteran in appliances having been in charge of this product category over the 12 years he was at Home Depot Inc (HD). He certainly made a few connections in the appliance industry during his time at Big Orange. Those will come in handy as it takes the fight to Sears. With something like one-third of JC Penney’s customers buying appliances at other stores where it has locations, it’s a natural fit. Even better — Sears currently generates approximately $4 billion in annual appliances revenue. With Lampert’s company reeling, Ellison is wise to strike while the iron’s hot. A decade ago, the company generated 21% of its overall revenue from home goods. Today, thanks to Ron Johnson’s failed changes, that number’s down to 12%. In the incredibly competitive world of department store retail, JCP has to push as many buttons as it can to attract profitable business. It might not get back to its heyday in 2007, when it generated almost $20 billion in annual revenue, but initiatives like appliances can help it take market share from its peers, including Sears. Ellison’s plan is a simple one. He wants to focus on better customer service, growing its private label brands, stronger e-commerce and better communication between employees. The more time employees spend with customers rather than in back-room tasks, the stronger its business will be. Expected to generate more than $1 billion in EBITDA in fiscal 2016, Ellison’s taking all the things that worked at Home Depot and applying them to JC Penney. With just 10 stores losing money out of slightly more than 1,000, JC Penney is in better shape financially than it has been in the past several years. Bottom Line on JCP JC Penney stock once traded near $90. While it has a long way to go to get to that point, I think Ellison’s got it headed in the right direction. In addition, with both Sears and Macy’s Inc (M) closing stores, JCP has found itself the lucky beneficiary of their misfortune, sometimes resulting in it being the only anchor location left in some of its malls. “They’re second movers in things, and being second mover can be turned into a strength,” Cowen & Co. analyst Oliver Chen recently said. “The world’s not really growing, but you have other retailers with problems that give J.C. Penney an opportunity to execute on.” It might not be the vision Ron Johnson had for the company, but the approach Ellison is taking seems certain to ensure long-term success for the 114-year-old retailer and JC Penney stock. By continuing to take market share from Sears and others in the department store space, I believe JCP could be the next great retailer in America. That’s not something you would have said about JC Penney stock when former CEO Mike Ullman returned to the company in 2013. As of this writing, Will Ashworth did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. More From InvestorPlace The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Rest of 2016 5 Top Stocks to Buy for October Go to MSN Home More in Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY The world's most valuable stamps Lovemoney 6 Social Security changes coming in 2017 U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices Up Next 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices More from InvestorPlace Dow closes out its best week in five years InvestorPlace Why Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN), Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) and Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (USA) (AEM) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks InvestorPlace Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock’s “Trump Threat” Is Overblown InvestorPlace For Walt Disney Co (DIS) Stock, Bright Outlook Trumps Earnings Miss InvestorPlace InvestorPlace View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business If Amazon is really opening brick-and-mortar grocery stores, it’s a big deal The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Sarah Halzack October 11 Follow @sarahhalzack Amazon boxes are seen stacked for delivery. (Reuters/Mike Segar) Rumors have been brewing for about a year now that e-commerce titan Amazon.com wants to open grocery-centric brick-and-mortar locations. In Seattle and Sunnyvale, Calif., there have been reports that outposts are in the works allowing shoppers to drive up and retrieve grocery orders they place online. On Tuesday, the buzz grew louder when the Wall Street Journal reported many such locations are in the works, and they will not only include curbside pickup, but also walk-in convenience stores where you can purchase perishables. The reports suggest Amazon wants to be a more serious player in the grocery business, and to achieve that, it believes it can’t rely on e-commerce alone. And that potentially sets up a kind of retailing showdown we haven’t quite seen before. For so long, we’ve been watching traditional brick-and-mortar retailers try to notch a win on the digital playing field that is Amazon’s home turf. Now, it appears we’re poised to watch the online shopping pioneer try to march into an arena where the likes of Walmart, Kroger and Giant have distinct advantages. (Amazon’s chief executive, Jeffrey P. Bezos, owns The Washington Post.) To understand what’s at stake for all of these players, let’s start with a lay of the land. Grocery is something of the final frontier of the online shopping revolution, with just 2 percent or less of sales happening online. There are a variety of reasons for that: Customers have been loathe to give up control of selecting their own produce and meat, and retailers have had a hard time figuring out a durable business model, since the grocery world already operates on razor-thin profit margins. Also, about 80 percent of the U.S. population lives within 2.5 miles of a supermarket, according to Jim Hertel, senior vice president at grocery consultancy Willard Bishop. In other words, buying groceries in person simply isn’t that inconvenient, especially compared to the other types of purchases that have moved online in greater proportions.  [What to expect from Whole Foods’ new, low-price grocery chain] That hasn’t stopped Amazon from trying to turn us into online grocery shoppers. For several years now, it has been experimenting with an offering called AmazonFresh, in which Prime members can pay a fee to be able to get fresh groceries brought to their doorsteps. It’s not hard to see why Amazon would want to be the retailer you turn to when it’s time to restock your refrigerator and pantry. Grocery is a loyalty business, one built on frequent trips from repeat shoppers. This fits in well with what it has been trying to do with its Prime membership for years: Get people hooked on a bundle of shopping and services that mean they rarely have to leave the Amazon ecosystem. Amazon declined to comment for this story. If it now opens brick-and-mortar grocery locations, Amazon would appear to be acknowledging that some kinds of purchases just might not be well-suited for the doorstep-delivery model. The problem for Amazon, though, is that other big retailers have already had this revelation — and have assets that might better equip them to pull off curbside pickup models. Take Walmart, for example. The nation’s largest grocer has been investing in expansion of its grocery pickup model, taking it from five markets to more than 80 in about year’s a time. The retailer expects to have this service in 600 individual stores by the end of this year and will add 500 more locations in the year ahead. For Walmart, going big with pickup involves relatively low risk: The big-box store simply has to add four to nine staffers per store and must reconfigure its parking lots. [How Walmart plans to transform the way we buy groceries] Kroger, Giant and other big supermarkets also have existing infrastructure to make pickup relatively easy to get off the ground. But for Amazon, the investment is riskier and more time-consuming: It has to build a real estate portfolio from scratch and must change up its supply chain to get goods to these facilities. Still, brick-and-mortar grocery sellers are likely keeping a close eye on Amazon’s maneuvers in this space. The Seattle company has a track record of elbowing its way into new lines of business, and the Amazon brand is especially strong with U.S. consumers, according to research by YouGov. Other kinds of retailers, too, should be ready for a fight, as much of our grocery budgets these days are spent at convenience stores, drugstores and discounters. And yet, while these moves by Amazon would likely be unsettling for direct competitors, it might bring a strange sense of relief to a wider slate of traditional retailers. For years, legacy players have been arguing that stores will continue to be relevant, with e-commerce and physical retailing helping feed one another. If Amazon — the ultimate in pure-play digital shopping — is pushed to open physical stores, it effectively suggests that this analysis was right. And actually, even if Amazon grocery outposts don’t materialize, Amazon has essentially already conceded that brick-and-mortar locations are valuable. The company has begun opening bookstores. business business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news. Follow @sarahhalzack Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Donald Trump is about to face a rude awakening over Obamacare 2 A new theory for why Trump voters are so angry — that actually makes sense 3 Why these rural, white, gun-owning guys didn’t vote for Trump 4 The advertising decisions that helped doom Hillary Clinton 5 Trump taps climate-change skeptic to oversee EPA transition Market Watch DJIA 0.21% NASDAQ 0.54% Get quote Last Update: 11/13/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing More from The Post
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Real Estate Retail Automotive Economy Small Business Healthcare OC Leaders Status Update Tourism More Covered California enrollees fear loss of health coverage Making California housing affordable again will require new laws, more avenues to build Everyday Hero: He intervenes in Dana Point to stop drug overdoses Lansner: Want affordable housing? Move to Trumpland! Defense, special teams carry Rams again in 9-6 win over Jets FINAL: Lakers end three-game trip with 125-99 loss to T-Wolves Bonsignore: Rams' victory over Jets does nothing to mask their inept offense Jerry Savoie, Jason Line capture NHRA titles at Finals Covered California enrollees fear loss of health coverage Among O.C. business leaders, uncertainty follows Trump win Whole Foods Market flips format, adding a craft beer bar and chef-driven dining in Tustin Making California housing affordable again will require new laws, more avenues to build Musician Leon Russell dead at 74 Chart-toppers map Olivia Newton-John's musical journey Simon Rattle returns, older and wiser Andrew McMahon rocks for a cause in Santa Ana Top news Business Amazon to build convenience stores, curbside food pickup, WSJ reports Oct. 11, 2016 Updated 6:48 p.m. 1 of 1 Amazon's stores will sell perishable goods, including milk and meats, the Wall Street Journal reports. (Photo by Paul Sakuma, AP) Amazon's stores will sell perishable goods, including milk and meats, the Wall Street Journal reports. (Photo by Paul Sakuma, AP) By BLOOMBERG Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF Amazon.com Inc. is planning to build convenience stores and develop curbside pickup locations for food shoppers in its latest move to expand into groceries, The Wall Street Journal reported. Amazon’s stores will sell perishable goods including milk and meats, the newspaper said. Customers in the stores can also order other items with longer shelf lives for same-day delivery, the Journal said. The Seattle-based e-commerce giant will also build drive-in locations for consumers in a rush where online grocery orders will be brought to the car. Only subscribers to Amazon’s Fresh service will have access to these stores, known as Project Como. Amazon representatives didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment. The grocery stores represent Amazon’s latest move to disrupt brick-and-mortar food shopping that’s still dominated by traditional retailers such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc. While Amazon has dominated in e-commerce, convincing customers to shop online for everything from toiletries to electronics, it has yet to crack groceries -- which most consumers still buy offline. Previously, Amazon had focused on fresh food deliveries rather than establishing a physical presence but it’s encountering increased competition from Google, Instacart and others. Wal-Mart, whose main selling point has been its physical reach, started a grocery pickup service more than a year ago and has now expanded it to more than 100 markets. Customers can purchase online, drive to the parking lot of a Wal-Mart store and have their orders delivered to their cars. Even as Amazon uses the Fresh grocery service and Prime membership to keep customers loyal, Wal-Mart is trying to create a better online experience. Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular Firefighters mop up after San Juan Capistrano brush fire that threatened homes California jumps the shark Baby boomers show right way to react to Trump victory One person in custody after 3-vehicle Fullerton crash Singer-songwriter and musician Leon Russell dead at 74 User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. Covered California enrollees fear loss of health coverage Making California housing affordable again will require new laws, more avenues to build Everyday Hero: He intervenes in Dana Point to stop drug overdoses Lansner: Want affordable housing? Move to Trumpland! Defense, special teams carry Rams again in 9-6 win over Jets FINAL: Lakers end three-game trip with 125-99 loss to T-Wolves Bonsignore: Rams' victory over Jets does nothing to mask their inept offense Jerry Savoie, Jason Line capture NHRA titles at Finals Covered California enrollees fear loss of health coverage Among O.C. business leaders, uncertainty follows Trump win Whole Foods Market flips format, adding a craft beer bar and chef-driven dining in Tustin Making California housing affordable again will require new laws, more avenues to build Musician Leon Russell dead at 74 Chart-toppers map Olivia Newton-John's musical journey Simon Rattle returns, older and wiser Andrew McMahon rocks for a cause in Santa Ana Top news Education » CSU board to consider tuition hike for next year CSUF President Mildred García named as chair-elect of higher education board Huntington Beach High School district tabs Saddleback superintendent as new leader BUSINESS » Covered California enrollees fear loss of health coverage Among O.C. business leaders, uncertainty follows Trump win Whole Foods Market flips format, adding a craft beer bar and chef-driven dining in Tustin O.C. Watchdog » Watchdog: Assaults on California police soar. More attacks, or more sensitivity? Free after six years in jail, but never charged with crime Census: Why more women are deciding that babies can wait Health Care » Nurse who ran Laguna Niguel day spa agrees to guilty plea to injecting Botox not approved for use in the U.S. Former operator of drug treatment centers in Orange, L.A. counties arrested on suspicion of sex and financial crimes How Obamacare may sway voters in this election ENTERTAINMENT » Musician Leon Russell dead at 74 Chart-toppers map Olivia Newton-John's musical journey Simon Rattle returns, older and wiser Food » Whole Foods Market flips format, adding a craft beer bar and chef-driven dining in Tustin Outlets at San Clemente celebrates first year, but where's all the food? This cab franc has a whiff of mystery TELEVISION » Robert Vaughn, suave 'Man from U.NCL.E.' star, dies at 83 This week's TV highlights TV highlights Nov. 1-5 Special Sections » OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 100 Top Workplaces 2015 Featured Multimedia CALIFORNIA ELECTION » FOCUS: A geographical look at how the state voted in 2016 CARTOONS » Cartoons: Love Trumps Hate SLIDESHOW » U.S. men's soccer team coach Jurgen Klinsmann scores $2 million for Newport Beach house SLIDESHOW » 3 injured, including firefighter, in huge fire in Newport Beach industrial complex SLIDESHOW » Football playoffs: Photos of the fans, fun and emotions at Friday's games SLIDESHOW » Street Style: Chic elegance on display in downtown Orange Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Receive breaking news and newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2016 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Dawna Friesen Carolyn Jarvis Liza Fromer Tom Clark More … Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Crime October 11, 2016 1:30 pm Police mistake breast cancer patient for woman wanted for killing her own baby By Elton Hobson Video Producer  Global News What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen A case of mistaken identity led to an unfortunate run-in between a police task force and a woman battling breast cancer after officers mistook her for a wanted fugitive – thanks in part to her shaved head. Erin Peters, 35, was shopping at a Walmart in Post Falls, Idaho last Friday when she says a police officer grabbed her from behind and told her she was under arrest. Story continues below Related Ryan Reynolds remembers cancer victim Connor McGrath in 14th birthday tribute ‘The Apprentice’ cast, crew say Donald Trump rated contestants by size of their breasts Polite Canadian tweets (almost) break the internet “I felt humiliated in front of Walmart, crying,” Peters told the Coeur d’Alene Press. According to Peters, officers working with the FBI and the North Idaho Violent Crimes Task Force believed her to be 18-year-old Whitley Evenson, wanted in Missouri over allegations she suffocated her six-week-old child in 2015. According to the Associated Press, police had received a tip that Evenson had shaved her head in order to try and evade identification by police. Peters, who underwent a double mastectomy in August, says she started shaving her head while undergoing aggressive chemotherapy and radiation treatment to battle her breast cancer. “I honestly thought I was being mugged,” Peters told KHQ News in Idaho. “They accused me of murder. I heard them say ‘Whitley Evenson, you are under arrest for murder.’ I said ‘I’m not Whitley, please you’ve got the wrong person.’ I was then called a liar. Tears started rolling.” READ MORE: Ryan Reynolds remembers cancer victim Connor McGrath in 14th birthday tribute Peters said she tried to prove her innocence by showing officers her ID, but it wasn’t enough. “They said flat out, identify theft isn’t that hard,” Peters said. “I couldn’t have been more shocked. They tightened the cuffs.” Peters was detained and questioned for approximately 45 minutes before police realized the error and let her go. While officers apologized to Peters, she says it’s not enough. “The way they went about this was so wrong,” Peters said. However, FBI spokesman Richard Collodi is defending the decision to detain Peters, saying police were acting on a tip that Evenson, along with a male accomplice, was expected to be at the Post Falls Walmark that day. Officers arrested Evenson later that same day, in the same parking lot where Peters was questioned. She will be extradited back to Missouri where she faces second-degree murder charges in the death of her child. Collodi says that while he regrets the inconvenience to Peters, criminals often come up with creative excuses to try and fool law enforcement and the extra caution was warranted. “I’m confident she was treated professionally,” Collodi told the Associated Press. © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error bald Breast Cancer Cancer Chemotherapy Erin Peters FBI fugitive Idaho Imperator Furiosa Masectomy Mistaken Identity Murder North Idaho Violent Crimes Task Force Post Falls Radiation Richard Collodi Shaved head Walmart Wanted murder Whitley Evenson Editor's Picks Politics Why some are blaming Facebook for Donald Trump’s presidential win Politics Remembrance Day 2016: Are the Liberals living up to their promises to veterans? Politics US Presidential Election 2016: How will America heal from the nasty, violent race for president? Canada Reality check: Will new foreign ownership rules make flights in Canada cheaper? Consumer When is the best time to buy a plane ticket? Canada Donald Trump campaign blasts Canada’s ‘socialized’ health care: here’s what you need to know Politics Fact check: Can US voters really change their early ballots like Donald Trump suggested? Health Drugs aren’t tested on women like they are on men, and it could have deadly consequences FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Popular Now Bikers stop to help stranded biker, find out it is Bruce Springsteen 223713 Donald Trump may force Canada to reconsider defence spending: Former Trudeau advisor 88478 Kate McKinnon's Hillary Clinton sings Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah on SNL 46612 Donald Trump says he's a 'very sober' person, tells supporters harassing others to 'stop it' 34991 'Supermoon' bringing closest full moon to earth in almost 70 years 27194 Sponsored content Popular Videos Chris Rock makes SNL cameo to mock white liberals shocked by Trump win WATCH NOW Dave Chappelle wishes Trump luck, he’s willing to give him a chance WATCH NOW Donald Trump tells supporters harassing minorities to ‘stop it!’ WATCH NOW Mexico opens market to all Canada’s beef products WATCH NOW Saskatchewan Amber Alert ends with missing girl found dead WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AAPL FB Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > J C Penney Company Inc (JCP) Is the Next Great Retailer JCPenney stock has a good chance at the title By Will Ashworth, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Oct 11, 2016, 11:52 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: 7 S&P 500 Stocks That Will Be Knocked Back Down to Earth 3 Reasons Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Still Is a Great Buy 7 Stocks to Buy That Will Grow by Double Digits Recent Posts: 3 Reasons Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Still Is a Great Buy Buffett Should Buy Every Last Share of Nike Inc (NKE) Stock 7 S&P 500 Stocks That Will Be Knocked Back Down to Earth View All Posts A recent news report from the New York Post suggests that J C Penney Company Inc (NYSE:JCP) is copying Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by putting greeters at the front of its stores. The test, which is being conducted at some JCPenney stores in the Northeast region is a bit of twist on Walmart’s use of greeters. Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr (Modified) Rather than employing full-time employees at the front of the store for the entire day, they’re being asked to greet customers between the hours of noon and 2 p.m. Why these two hours in the middle of the day? While it’s not entirely clear, I would assume it’s because JCPenney considers these two hours, what they term “power hours,” to be the period in the day where greeters can make the greatest difference between mediocre and above-average revenue at a particular store. Greeters have been successful for Walmart since it reintroduced the idea back in 2012. According to a Cowen and Company survey from late in 2015, 75% of 2,506 Walmart customers surveyed said they were happy with their shopping experience, while 60% found the customer service to be satisfactory. That might not seem like a lot but it’s WMT’s best result in two years. Exactly what does this have to do with JCP and JCPenney stock? 10 Hot Stocks That Made Millionaires in 10 Years Well, despite some employees complaining the two-hour customer schmooze fest was increasing lines at the cash registers, the reality is that JCP has figured out that if it’s to survive and even thrive, it has got to do a better job engaging the customer. It’s not enough to have employees sit at the cash register and take the customers’ money, they’ve got to be out in the front of the store welcoming people. What’s Giving JCPenney Stock New Life? While still early in the test, it’s a good example of why I believe JCPenney stock is going in the right direction compared to Sears Holdings Corp (NASDAQ:SHLD), whose latest move to sell its Craftsman brand for up to $2 billion, is proof positive the once great department store is gradually winding down its retail operations. Everything most go, including its iconic brands such as Craftsmen and Kenmore. Meanwhile, over at JCP, it’s ramping up appliance sales at its stores, something it abandoned 33 years ago to focus on apparel. JCPenney CEO Marvin Ellison just happens to be a veteran in appliances having been in charge of this product category over the 12 years he was at Home Depot Inc (NYSE:HD). He certainly made a few connections in the appliance industry during his time at Big Orange. Those will come in handy as it takes the fight to Sears. With something like one-third of JCPenney’s customers buying appliances at other stores where it has locations, it’s a natural fit. Even better — Sears currently generates approximately $4 billion in annual appliances revenue. With Lampert’s company reeling, Ellison is wise to strike while the iron’s hot. A decade ago, the company generated 21% of its overall revenue from home goods. Today, thanks to Ron Johnson’s failed changes, that number’s down to 12%. In the incredibly competitive world of department store retail, JCP has to push as many buttons as it can to attract profitable business. It might not get back to its heyday in 2007, when it generated almost $20 billion in annual revenue, but initiatives like appliances can help it take market share from its peers, including Sears. Ellison’s plan is a simple one. He wants to focus on better customer service, growing its private label brands, stronger e-commerce and better communication between employees. The more time employees spend with customers rather than in back-room tasks, the stronger its business will be. Expected to generate more than $1 billion in EBITDA in fiscal 2016, Ellison’s taking all the things that worked at Home Depot and applying them to JCPenney. Next Page   1 2 View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/j-c-penney-company-inc-jcp-next-great-retailer/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Buys for 7 Donald Trump Fears That Won’t Come True 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to Trump 3 Tech Stocks Getting a Big Cash Payday 7 Blue-Chip Stocks Due for a Reckoning 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 7 CEOs Heading to the Chopping Block by '18 Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 3 Tech Stocks That Just Got a Big Cash Payday 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 3 Reasons Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Still Is a Great Buy Most Popular Most Commented 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Stocks That Will Tank Under Donald Trump 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump The Tech Reversal May Have Legs Trade of the Day: Industrial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSEARCA:XLI) General Electric Company (GE) Stock Is an Overpriced Juggernaut GrubHub Inc Stock Falls After CEO’s Anti-Trump Email to Employees Why Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Ended the Free Supercharger Ride Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AAPL FB Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Hot Stocks > LendingClub Corp (LC) Stock Has Learned a Lesson — People Lie Lending Club still trying to recover from scandal By Dana Blankenhorn, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Oct 11, 2016, 1:05 pm EST     Popular Posts: Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Has a New Path to Bigger Profits Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Stock Enters ‘Survivor Mode’ CVS Health Corp (CVS) Stock Is a Black-and-Blue Buy Now Recent Posts: ESPN Strangles Walt Disney Co (DIS) Stock AGAIN Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Has a New Path to Bigger Profits Kohl’s Corporation (KSS) Stock Is Shopped Back to Life View All Posts All sorts of financial intermediaries are being replaced by apps these days. Brokers, travel agents, insurance agents and even bankers are finding there’s an app for that. Source: Simon Cunningham via Flickr (Modified) But while banking apps are great for handling deposits and trades, they may not be great for actually lending money. The whole crowdfunding “thing,” which was a big trend early this decade, may be going the way of the farmer’s market and the gig economy, not because there isn’t supply or demand, but because people lie. That’s the problem facing LendingClub Corp (NYSE:LC), the peer-to-peer lender that came public near the end of 2014 at nearly $24 per share. People aren’t paying back the money, cash flow has flat-lined, the stock is trading at around $6 and Wedbush’s new price target is $3.75. What Went Wrong for LC Stock? Lending Club, founded in 2007, pioneered the peer-to-peer lending idea in the U.S. Consumers seek loans, the company pairs them up with money, and then institutions buy the loans for the interest. The stock crashed in May after an internal review of its CEO and founder, Rene Laplanche, showed problems with $22 million in loans. Laplanche was then ousted when a board investigation found he had undisclosed interests in some big buyers of the company’s loans. Government investigators are now looking into Laplanche’s actions. 10 Hot Stocks That Made Millionaires in 10 Years The scandal led to a loss of $81.4 million, 21 cents per share, for the second quarter, and the company has been fighting to regain its credibility ever since, while the rest of the industry fought to keep the contagion at bay. LC stock has remade its C-suite, promoting Scott Sanborn to CEO, cutting 179 jobs and recruiting hedge funds to buy its loan portfolio. Despite this it posted a negative return in August, and the fight against negative publicity has proven to be problematic. What Might Go Right All the company’s efforts over the last few months have been aimed at putting the actions of the previous few years in its rear-view mirror. New Chief Capital Officer Patrick Dunne, formerly with Blackrock, Inc. (NYSE:BLK), has sought to reassure investors that loan buyers are returning to the platform and that a thorough review of the Laplanche era and the loan portfolio has been conducted. Wedbush does not believe it. The company’s latest note on the company calls a turnaround three to five years away, and said it’s now evaluating LC stock as a lender rather than a fintech company. Right now analysts are expecting another loss, 10 cents per share, on revenue of $99.5 million when Lending Club reports its numbers on Nov. 1. That would mean it will have cut its losses in half but cut its revenues by nearly two-thirds. It’s easy to see those results getting Lending Club close to the Wedbush price target. Still, getting loans into the hands of strong buyers and assuring borrowers that the platform works may bring out the bulls. Turning 19% credit card debt into 12% term loans should be a good business for both sides of the transaction, assuming borrowers’ feet can be held to the fire, and increasing those rates to deal with bad loans should improve the bottom line. Back to the Drawing Board for Lending Club The problems of Lending Club have sent many in the crowdfunding space back to the drawing board. There are now specialty platforms in real estate, video games and emerging markets. Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) vs. JD.Com (JD) – Which Is the Better Growth Stock? The battle is on to find investors and institutions who will take these loans in bulk, which happens to be what Lending Club has spent the last few months bragging it has. Still, banking scandals take time to clean up. LC stock has boomed, it has busted, and it is now trying to move beyond. History shows that takes time, and only very patient investors should go near it right now. Dana Blankenhorn is a financial journalist who dabbles in fiction, his latest being The Reluctant Detective Travels in Time. Write him at danablankenhorn@gmail.com or follow him on Twitter at @danablankenhorn. As of this writing he owned no shares in companies mentioned in this story. More From InvestorPlace 7 Huge Swing Trades to Make for the Fourth Quarter The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Rest of 2016 Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/lendingclub-corp-lc-stock-learns/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Buys for 7 Donald Trump Fears That Won’t Come True 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to Trump 3 Tech Stocks Getting a Big Cash Payday 7 Blue-Chip Stocks Due for a Reckoning 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 7 CEOs Heading to the Chopping Block by '18 Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 3 Tech Stocks That Just Got a Big Cash Payday 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 3 Reasons Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Still Is a Great Buy Most Popular Most Commented 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Stocks That Will Tank Under Donald Trump 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump The Tech Reversal May Have Legs Trade of the Day: Industrial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSEARCA:XLI) General Electric Company (GE) Stock Is an Overpriced Juggernaut GrubHub Inc Stock Falls After CEO’s Anti-Trump Email to Employees Why Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Ended the Free Supercharger Ride Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Search Search Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events search goes here Amazon Tries Credit Card Tactics to Hook College Students Quickly By Bloomberg News Published October 11 2016, 8:09am EDT More in Retailers Technology Online payments Print Email Reprints Share Share on Vincent Wang needed new jeans and a coat just before classes began this semester at the University of California, Davis, where he studies nutrition. Rather than trek several miles off campus to the nearest Target or Walmart, he ordered the clothes from Amazon.com Inc. and retrieved them from new Amazon pickup lockers right next to the university store that sells Aggies T-shirts and hoodies. Wang, 21, is one of millions of students who have taken advantage of Amazon Prime Student, which offers all the benefits of a regular Prime membership -- quick delivery, music and video streaming and free online photo storage -- for $50 a year, half the regular price. Amazon’s strategy echoes the one used for decades by the credit card companies: snag young consumers early and, with artful promotions, try to make them loyal for life. Subscribe Now Authoritative analysis and perspective for every segment of the payments industry Learn More 14-Day Free Trial Authoritative analysis and perspective for every segment of the industry Get 14-Day Free Trial Have an account? Sign In Reading List Amazon Tries Credit Card Tactics to Hook College Students Quickly WP Engine adds one-click checkout for WordPress-hosted sites 'Citi Pay' will lean on Citi's reach, diverse services Rocket-backed coupon site partners with Daily Mail for U.K. push Would Trump policies help or hurt financial tech? Yes. Get us in your inbox Sign up for CardLine Payments Update Compliance Investment Merchant Technology Wallet Morning Scan PayThink ISO & Agent Weekly Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for every segment of the payments industry Subscribe PaymentsSource About Us Contact Us Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2016 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Amazon to battle the bodega: Shopping giant to open convenience stores and even a drive through to sell groceries Anonymous sources reveal Amazon will launch convenience stores These locations will sell perishable items such as produce and meat Also opening drive-in locations where you can pick up non-perishables  Images suggest Amazon is working on a drive-in location in Seattle By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 12:36 EST, 11 October 2016 | Updated: 15:43 EST, 11 October 2016 e-mail 12 shares 7 View comments Amazon plans to launch convenience stores and drive-in locations for AmazonFresh members in a bid to become a major player in the competitive grocery business. The brick-and-mortar stores, known internally as Project Como, will sell fresh produce, milk, meats and other perishables, reports The Wall Street Journal. People close to the matter revealed that customers will be able to order items with longer shelf lives for same-day delivery using a mobile app or touch screens placed throughout stores. Scroll down for video  Amazon plans to launch convinces stores and drive-in locations for AmazonFresh members in a bid to become a major player in the competitive grocery business. The brick-and-mortar stores, known internally as Project Como, which will sell perishable items WHAT IS PROJECT COMO?  People familiar with the matter told The Wall Street Journal that Amazon will be opening convinces stores and drive-in locations in a bid to upend the supermarket industry. The brick-and-mortar stores, known internally as Project Como, will sell fresh produce, milk meats and other perishables. Customers will be able to order items with longer shelf lives for same-day delivery using a mobile app or touch screens placed throughout the stores. Both service are said to only be available to AmazonFresh members.  An Amazon spokeswoman told DailyMail.com: 'We don’t comment on rumors or speculations.' The Seattle firm’s move is a way to show presence in an industry that is still dominated by traditional retailers such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc, who owns 17.3 percent of the market share – compared to Amazon’s 1.1 percent. Amazon has been selling groceries since 2013 via the platform with its AmazonFresh, which works similar to FreshDirect, but hasn’t really taken off because of a $299 yearly membership fee – Amazon announced this week that Prime users now pay $15 per month. But people familiar with Project Como told The Wall Street Journal that Amazon has plans to push deeper into the grocery business. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Do YOU own a Samsung Galaxy Note 7? What owners can do as... World's smallest nuclear power plant: China is developing a... Feeling anxious about a first date? Here are four ways... Driverless cars are tested on UK streets for the first time:... Share this article Share 12 shares Other than brick-and-mortar locations, the eCommerce giant will be launching drive-in locations where workers bring out online grocery orders to the customer’s vehicle, they said. The firm is currently developing license-plate reading technology for this project, which should help make the process run more efficiently.  The grocery industry is still dominated by traditional retailers such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc, which owns 17.3% of the market share – Amazon’s is only 1.1%. Amazon will be launching drive-in locations where online grocery orders will be brought the customer's vehicle  About a fifth of consumer spending goes to groceries in the US, but only two percent of sales account for online grocery purchases, according to Morgan Stanley Research. The investment firm estimates the online grocery market could more than double to over $24 billion this year. Yes, Amazon is behind that drive-up grocery store coming to Ballard #Seattle https://t.co/BuvHBrjdFj r/SeattleWA pic.twitter.com/hyClVDrxUN— Seattle Reddit (@rSeattleWA) October 10, 2016 Could this be a new model of grocery shopping? Amazon are set to launch a drive-up grocery #store https://t.co/DZlGpFrkr9 pic.twitter.com/SxU8Q2KRQ0— Hattie Jenkins (@HattieJenks) October 11, 2016 For its new convenience stores, Amazon is taking a page from discounters such as Aldi and Lidl, as well as dollar stores, according to the people familiar with the matter. They said these brick-and-mortar stores could take a year or more to open while Amazon explores new locations. Amazon’s secretive drive-up grocery store takes shape in Seattle neighborhood https://t.co/IKHvIixvxx pic.twitter.com/DbQxQv9Hut— Norm Gregory  (@NormGregory) October 10, 2016 But the firm could be just a few weeks away from opening its first drive-in grocery location in Seattle, one said. GeekWire published documents that show the e-commerce firm is working on a storefront in Seattle’s Ballard neighborhood. And the leaked images show a piece of the equipment on the site that says ‘Amazon Ballard’ in two places – ‘designating where it was to be delivered’, Todd Bishop with GeekWire reports. Prior to this citing, the newspaper discovered a permit document that was filed with the city of Seattle that read: ‘storage racks insulation plans on main floor for Amazon’. The work site is near the Ballard Bridge at NW 51st Street and 15th Avenue NW. This storefront could be the first location to allow customers to schedule 15-minute to two-hour delivery times to pick up their goods.  AMAZON OPENING MORE BRICK-AND-MORTAR BOOK STORES  Amazon is planning to launch a brick-and-mortar bookstore in Chicago, Illinois. The Chicago store is scheduled to launch in 2017 and 'will be in the trendy neighbourhood of Southport Corridor', the Financial Times reported in August. The Amazon Books is going have 3443 N. Southport Ave as its address, according to the Chicago Tribune. The company has already announced plans for brick-and-mortar stores in San Diego, California and Portland, Oregon. Amazon launched a physical bookstore in Seattle, Washington, in November 2015. The company says on its website: 'Amazon Books in University Village, Seattle, is a physical extension of Amazon.com.    Read more: Amazon to Expand Grocery Business With New Convenience Stores - WSJ Amazon's secretive drive-up grocery store takes shape in Seattle neighborhood - GeekWire Share or comment on this article e-mail 12 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Havelock resident shocked as he films earthquake hitting NZ Trump supporter spews ignorant racist rant at young woman Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Michael Moore tries to meet with Trump at Trump Tower Mother kicks her young child out for voting Trump in school Clinton makes final appearance at campaign headquarters Nigel Farage avoids questions as he enters Trump Tower Dogs leaping through grass like antelope will cheer you up Bodybuilder with '0% body fat' flexes her muscles in the gym Road rage incident turns personal as drivers insult each other Terryfing video of ground shaking as earthquake hits Christchurch Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... FBI 'ran 23 child pornography sites in a bid to lure and... 'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon... Hillary's last hurrah: Clinton greets her campaign staff one... 'Kill the police!' Anti-Trump protesters chant death threats... From a modest home built by her father to the future First... So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Destructive tsunami waves hit New Zealand's South Island... 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave... Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business... Reince Priebus AND Steven Bannon will lead Trump's White... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read World's tallest tropical tree is found in Borneo - and it's as tall as THREE blue whales stacked end to end  A doorway to another world? Alien hunters say they have found a 'monolith' or 'entrance' on Mercury in... Could TRITIUM hold the key to unlimited energy? Government to test radioactive material in radical fusion... Russia unveils killer robots that can seek and shoot humans from more than FOUR miles away From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife... Were YOU killed off by Facebook? 'Terrible error' memorializes user's accounts and tells friends they are... How well do YOU know your emoji? Researchers find just one in five of us are experts - and you can take the... How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The astonishing claims over the final resting place of Jesus: Why Japan, India and Glastonbury have all been... How Donald Trump tweeted himself into the White House: Academics say uncensored tweets were key to... UN climate talks dominated by fears Donald Trump will derail $100 billion plan launched by Hillary Clinton... Top secret X-37B military spaceplane could be turned into a lifesaving 'astronaut ambulance' Is this part of a secret spy satellite? Mysterious chunk of 'Chinese' space debris crash lands in Myanmar Now that's a bright idea! Street lights powered by FOOTSTEPS make their world debut in Las Vegas  Girls respond worse to stress than boys because a region of their brain shrinks - and experts say it could... MORE HEADLINES A doorway to another world? Alien hunters say they have found a 'monolith' or 'entrance' on Mercury in latest bizarre claim From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards revealed How well do YOU know your emoji? Researchers find just one in five of us are experts - and you can take the test to find out if you're one of them The ultimate guide to the biggest supermoon in living memory: MailOnline reveals how to watch the stunning spectacle on Monday How slimeballs slither: Watch the bizarre 'slimelapse' that reveals gelatinous molds creeping for food  How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications Could TRITIUM hold the key to unlimited energy? Government to test radioactive material in radical fusion reactor Russia unveils killer robots that can seek and shoot humans from more than FOUR miles away Medieval GIANTESS is found in a Polish cemetery: 7ft 2in woman had a traumatic life full of disease and injury Top secret X-37B military spaceplane could be turned into a lifesaving 'astronaut ambulance' Were YOU killed off by Facebook? 'Terrible error' memorializes user's accounts and tells friends they are dead - and even Mark Zuckerberg was hit Meet Bear-yoncé! Dancing bear twerks it out in hilarious trailer for hit BBC series Planet Earth II How Donald Trump tweeted himself into the White House: Academics say uncensored tweets were key to persuading voters  Move over James Bond: World's first commercially available jetpack is now on sale to 'well qualified buyers' MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'He wants to make America great again... and chicken fingers': The Daily Show jokes Trump's speechwriter could easily be a kid Sponsored Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Booty-ful day at the beach! RHOM star Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40 million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body Fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger admits he has 50 of the SAME outfit and doesn't wear the preppy sportswear from his own brand   Dressed in smart suits  Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Arrived statuesque and Golden  The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals More vacation antics  Resurrected! Dave Chappelle plays Negan in Walking Dead skit while hosting SNL... as well as a half dozen of his most famous characters Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Bella Thorne, 19,  is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Rocked two outfits  'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon chokes up as she foregoes comedy and performs rendition of late Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah on SNL EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot Turned heads with her racy poses  Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor showed off his biceps Bear Grylls backs down on his plans to build 25 beach huts at a Welsh beauty spot after angering locals Was in retreat about plans for 25 beach huts From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on chat show On British television  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on lifelong fatherhood aspirations He always wanted a baby Just Jane, for now: Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split 'I was a bit of a bastard': Rock and roll legend Phil Collins ADMITS to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' It's fash-cone, darling! Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat as she steps out in chilly NYC Wrapped up warm against the weather  Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Had arrived from London Blac Chyna's mom Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive... after second grandchild is born A very generous side Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA  Crossed paths! Andrew Garfield and runs into ex-girlfriend Emma Stone at Variety Studio Actors on Actors event in LA  Was it awkward? People wanted to kill me, says Harry's girl: Meghan talks to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and her most embarrassing TV moment to date  The Firm out in force: Kate and the Queen bring out their princes for a star-studded Festival of Remembrance at the Albert Hall  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot The security specialist Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website' following election win Disgraced host  Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London   Was speculation she would meet family Where's Meghan? Harry cheers on England at Twickenham but there's no sign of his new girlfriend (and he is sitting next to Princess Charlene of Monaco)  Happyness pursued: Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his day hard at work  Photograph that Taylor Swift claims is evidence that radio DJ 'reached under her skirt and groped her' is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Is on board of charity  In the navy! Jennifer Garner, 44, is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of star-studded  Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Wowed on arrival Calling the shots! Katie Holmes, 37, puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival Showed off her movie 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet The baby already has an Instagram account  Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital Seen in LA EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  She is 37 From a modest home  to the future First Lady: Melania Trump is the daughter of a car parts salesman - but she always dreamed of a jet set lifestyle  Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  A royal plea She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online She addressed the criticism  Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time Over the moon at family's new addition  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey Singer had broken down in his home state  Former Today show host Billy Bush is 'being courted by Breitbart to run their Hollywood coverage following Trump's victory' Comeback? Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle Died at her home in California  Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York All bundled up for a day in the city  'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber Quality family time  Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Partnered with Natalie Portman for event What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Hilary Duff showcased her killer abs  Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in Los Angeles  Her due date is getting close  Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Grey's Anatomy alum Katherine Heigl, 37, shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Fox news anchor under fire for a pro-Trump Facebook post that slammed Obama for making 'the entire country hate one another' Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack  It's Sgt Pepper's lost stars club band: Inspired by the iconic Beatles album cover, a touching tribute to list of celebrities who have died in 2016  'Bottoms up': Australian model Annabella Barber posts Kardashian inspired belfie... as model strips down to her pants for raunchy TOPLESS photo Film-maker Michael Moore calls on Donald Trump to STEP DOWN as President-elect - before joining thousands of protesters in the streets  She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror  Ripped female bodybuilder with an incredible 'ZERO per cent' body fat shows off her trim physique but sparks debate over whether she's healthy 'You can never be too careful with your safety':  Delta Goodrem reveals her stalker fear after she went to EXTREME lengths to lose a following vehicle Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood on Friday night 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Almost Famous star  Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon Married couple took in the scenery  Red hot! Australia The Bachelor's Rachael Gouvignon sets pulses racing in teeny bikini... as busty star goes for a swim after a run along the beach   REVIEW: Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Hotly anticipated  'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  He previously said  Trump is 'a punk' Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays her toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves the gym in LA The 21-year-old in-demand model  'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over two-year-old daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Already has a catwalk bug  Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event The 41-year-old redhead tried out a new look alongside co-stars  Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee donned Nike trainers Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose 'A little fishing with my guy' Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip On vacation  Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  A political twist  Help is on the way! Supergirl, The Flash, and Arrow unite for the biggest crossover event in CW superhero history It's in an epic four-day event Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The 30-year-old former O.C. star was unmissable  Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars The 43-year-old actress was beaming Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Working hard to make a name for herself  Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Jamie Oliver continued his pride in sweet snap Showstopper! Mariah Carey sizzles in sexy skin tight jumpsuit and animal print heels for night on the town The 46-year-old was in Los Angeles  Trump gets the last laugh: Alec Baldwin WON'T play The Donald on this week's SNL - and could ditch the part forever Won't reprise role  'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Her own demonstration Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil The First Lady freezes in time as LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers take on Mannequin Challenge during visit to the White House and get Michelle Obama to strike a pose Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned $13MILLION in one year' through endorsement deals Big bucks Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Showed off their understated style in NYC 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee The Young Mummy blogger says that in spite of the stretch marks, the excruciating pain and the migraines, she feels 'on top of the world' while expecting 'I am for reals sick': Amy Schumer postpones Baltimore show after 'heartbreaking' Clinton defeat Will return at later date   Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles The two-time Academy Award nominee  Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian 'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip The F1 champ Their romance is developing at an astonishing pace, and now Prince Harry's love is in London... is this the weekend Meghan is welcomed into the heart of the Royal family?  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards in Cannes Sharp suit  Shameless star Steve Howey 'berated Muslim nanny when she prayed in his home while his wife made her look at penis pics of A-list actor she was having an affair with', claims lawsuit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Can someone actually stop the motormouth? Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical The final curtain for the 'Godfather of gloom': Footage surfaces of Leonard Cohen's last EVER performance in New Zealand almost three years ago 'Never too late for a late post': Khloe Kardashian robs boyfriend Tristan Thompson's camouflage jacket to pose on Veteran's Day From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Trump gives wide-ranging first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage, Obamacare and tells divided America: 'Don't be afraid'  297 comments 4 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Apple Pay Facing Stiff Competition From Retailers' Mobile-Payment Services 13 minutes ago Array 0 As Time Warner Cable's Name Disappears, Charter CMO Promises It's a 'New Day' for Pay TV By Jeanine Poggi - 1 hour ago Array 0 'You're So Vain': Carly Simon's Iconic Song Is All About Donald in Anti-Trump Ad By Ann-Christine Diaz - 1 hour ago Array 0 What to Do With Your Marketing Budget Windfall (Yes, It Happens) By Hugh Kennedy - 2 hours ago Array 0 CHI, CP&B Add CD's; It's Nice That Founders Relaunch Creative Agency By Melissa Heule - 2 hours ago Array 0 NFL, Voter Fatigue Take a Bite Out of Trump-Clinton II Ratings By Anthony Crupi - 16 hours ago 0 Samsung to Kill Off Note 7 After Second Round of Battery Fires 3 hours ago 0 Industry Groups Say They Were Blindsided by FCC Privacy Change By Kate Kaye - 16 hours ago 0 How Snapchat's Big Changes Impact Advertisers and Publishers By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Big Soda Echoing Big Tobacco's Tactics, Says Report on Lobbying 17 hours ago 0 The Second Presidential Debate Summed up in 25 Tweets By Simon Dumenco - 23 hours ago 0 Condé Nast Hires Chief Business Officer and Parts Ways With Two Longtime Executives By Jeremy Barr - 23 hours ago 0 How Snapchat's Big Changes Impact Advertisers and Publishers By Garett Sloane - 23 hours ago 0 Papa John's Aims at Rivals With Pan PIzza, Its Biggest New Product in Years By Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 Kimberly-Clark Takes on Tough New Marketing Job: Selling Itself and Neenah, Wis. By Jack Neff - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Apple Pay Facing Stiff Competition From Retailers' Mobile-Payment Services Published on October 11, 2016. Reprints Reprints Most Popular Five months after shaking hands with Apple, retailer Kohl's is starting to compete with the tech giant's mobile-payment service Apple Pay. For Apple, the market leader of in-store mobile payments, moves like Kohl's are becoming increasingly familiar. Over the summer, Walmart rolled out its own mobile-payment service nationwide and pharmacy chain CVS introduced CVS Pay. Apple Pay, which turns two years old this month, is facing stiffer competition and needs to find ways to stand out in a crowded field. In the next year, most retailers and fast-food restaurants will start their own mobile-payment services, and some of them will also offer Apple Pay. The service, which expanded into Russia earlier this month, is looking to absorb more functions of people's traditional wallets, such as transit cards and retail loyalty cards. "You want to get into as many use cases as possible," said Greg Weed, director of card performance research at Phoenix Marketing International. "The wallet app is ideally suited to self-service types of terminals: gas pumps, vending machines, transit. All of this stuff builds transactions. All of these things build up utility." Related Stories Apple Pay Expands to U.K. as First Market Outside U.S. Samsung Prepares for Olympics With Mobile Payments Rollout in Brazil How the Shift from Swiping to Inserting Cards Will Accelerate Mobile Payments Can Apple Make Mobile Payments Pay in the U.S.? Apple hasn't disclosed terms it's reached for Apple Pay or broken out sales it gets from the service. Assuming it gets a small percentage of every transaction, the revenue is still negligible for the company, which posted total sales of almost $234 billion in its most recent fiscal year. That revenue included $19.9 billion in services, of which transaction fees are a part. The value of in-store transactions by people paying with their mobile phones, known as proximity payments, is expected to reach $210 billion by 2019 in the U.S., according to researcher eMarketer. While that may produce a small but growing stream of revenue for the the technology giant, the Apple Pay feature may also make the company's phones more attractive, boosting loyalty among users and helping Apple compete with rivals like Samsung. Apple has spent much of the past two years raising awareness of its payment feature and getting consumers to use it in stores, apps and, most recently, online. Services such as Apple Pay accounted for 9% of in-store credit-card transactions and about 5% of credit-card dollars spent, according to a May survey by Phoenix, which asked some 5,100 adults about their spending over one month. While it's made headway, Apple Pay has a way to go to gain mass adoption, partly because some people don't see it as an improvement over the current way of doing things. To boost usage, Apple needs to show its product is superior than a credit card. According to Pymnts.com and InfoScout, 58% of people in a June survey said Apple Pay is just as easy as a card, while 56% of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus users said both methods take about the same time. "They haven't proven their mobile-wallet applications are better than existing payment mechanisms," said Jordan McKee, a senior analyst for payments at 451 Research. Adding value is "the next frontier for this whole space." The company declined to comment for this story. Banks and retailers see a big part of that value addressed by integrating payments more deeply with rewards, coupons and loyalty programs. Capital One Financial has added more transaction analysis and control features, said Tom Poole, a managing vice president at the bank. It lets customers activate and disable their bank-issued cards via its app. Samsung Pay lets users earn gift cards from Dunkin' Donuts as well as earn money with its own rewards prepaid card. Alphabet, the parent of Google, tested its own loyalty program, the Tap 10, earlier this year. Last week, Kohl's unveiled its mobile-payment option, Kohl's Pay, which will integrate its private-label credit card into its mobile app. That will let the more than 25 million Kohl's Charge users to pay for purchases with their mobile phones. The service was announced five months after Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin-based Kohl's added Apple Pay to its mobile app. "We are interested in supporting payments -- whatever payments our customers feel like are important to them," Ratnakar Lavu, Kohl's chief technology officer, said in an interview. Kohl's Pay users will be able to redeem Kohl's Cash, apply a coupon and pay for a transaction with one click -- something they can't do with Apple Pay. Apple is also ramping up its services. This month, commuters in Japan will be able to use Apple Pay to buy railway tickets, which could prove to be a huge opportunity for Apple. Operator East Japan Railway Co. alone served 17.4 million passengers a day in the year that ended in March, and Apple has added special chips to its iPhones to support the service. Apple Pay already works on the London Underground, buses and other forms of transit there. "We've taken away the whole step of people having to buy a ticket," said Shashi Verma, director of customer experience at Transport for London. Apple is looking to serve more transit systems as cities like New York and Boston move toward tap-based mobile payments as an option. Some commuter rail lines servicing both cities currently let customers buy tickets from within an app. While Apple doesn't have its own loyalty program, it is making it easier for consumers to take advantage of merchant reward plans. In June, it began working with Orange Cash, a mobile-payment app for customers of French telecom giant Orange SA. Orange Cash uses geo-location to personalize offers sent to users' phones and rewards them for loyalty to particular brands. Apple Pay is also integrated into the app of Walgreens Boots Alliance. -- Bloomberg News In this article: CMO Strategy Digital Financial Services Restaurants Retail Shopper Marketing Technology The CMO Guide Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg Apple Pay, Now 2 Years Old, Looks for Ways to Be More Useful Olga Kharif @olgakharif More stories by Olga Kharif October 11, 2016 — 5:00 AM EDT Mobile payment service seeking to serve more transit systems Growing competition means finding ways to stick out in crowd Five months after shaking hands with Apple Inc., retailer Kohl’s Corp. is starting to compete with the tech giant’s mobile-payment service Apple Pay. For Apple, the market leader of in-store mobile payments, moves like Kohl’s are becoming increasingly familiar. Over the summer, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. rolled out its own mobile-payment service  nationwide and pharmacy chain CVS Health Corp.  introduced CVS Pay. Apple Pay, which turns 2 years old this month, is facing stiffer competition and needs to find ways to stand out in a crowded field. In the next year, most retailers and fast-food restaurants will start their own mobile-payment services, and some of them will also offer Apple Pay. The service, which expanded into Russia earlier this month, is looking to absorb more functions of people’s traditional wallets, such as transit cards and retail loyalty cards. “You want to get into as many use cases as possible,” said Greg Weed, director of card performance research at Phoenix Marketing International. “The wallet app is ideally suited to self-service types of terminals: gas pumps, vending machines, transit. All of this stuff builds transactions. All of these things build up utility.” Apple hasn’t disclosed terms it’s reached for Apple Pay or broken out sales it gets from the service. Assuming it gets a small percentage of every transaction, the revenue is still negligible for the company, which posted total sales of almost $234 billion in its most recent fiscal year. That revenue included $19.9 billion in services, of which transaction fees are a part. The value of in-store transactions by people paying with their mobile phones, known as proximity payments, is expected to reach $210 billion by 2019 in the U.S., according to researcher eMarketer Inc. While that may produce a small but growing stream of revenue for the the technology giant, the Apple Pay feature may also make the company’s phones more attractive, boosting loyalty among users and helping Apple compete with rivals like Samsung Electronics Co.  Apple has spent much of the past two years raising awareness of its payment feature and getting consumers to use it in stores, apps and, most recently, online. Services such as Apple Pay accounted for 9 percent of in-store credit-card transactions and about 5 percent of credit-card dollars spent, according to a May survey by Phoenix, which asked some 5,100 adults about their spending over one month. While it’s made headway, Apple Pay has a way to go to gain mass adoption, partly because some people don’t see it as an improvement over the current way of doing things. To boost usage, Cupertino, California-based Apple needs to show its product is superior than a credit card. According to Pymnts.com and InfoScout, 58 percent of people in a June  survey said Apple Pay is just as easy as a card, while 56 percent of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus users said both methods take about the same time. ‘Adding Value’ “They haven’t proven their mobile-wallet applications are better than existing payment mechanisms,” said Jordan McKee, a senior analyst for payments at 451 Research. Adding value is “the next frontier for this whole space.” The company declined to comment for this story. Banks and retailers see a big part of that value addressed by integrating payments more deeply with rewards, coupons and loyalty programs. Capital One Financial Corp. has added more transaction analysis and control features, said Tom Poole, a managing vice president at the bank. It lets customers activate and disable their bank-issued cards via its app. Samsung Pay lets users earn gift cards from Dunkin’ Donuts as well as earn money with its own rewards prepaid card. Alphabet Inc., the parent of Google, tested its own loyalty program, the Tap 10, earlier this year. Last week, Kohl’s unveiled its mobile-payment option, Kohl’s Pay, which will integrate its private-label credit card into its mobile app. That will let the more than 25 million Kohl’s Charge users to pay for purchases with their mobile phones. The service was announced five months after Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin-based Kohl’s added Apple Pay to its mobile app. “We are interested in supporting payments -- whatever payments our customers feel like are important to them,” Ratnakar Lavu, Kohl’s chief technology officer, said in an interview. Kohl’s Pay users will be able to redeem Kohl’s Cash, apply a coupon and pay for a transaction with one click -- something they can’t do with Apple Pay. Transit Push Exclusive insights in your inbox, from our technology reporters around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from the campaign trail. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets Your daily must-read for the most important news in markets. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Apple is also ramping up its services. This month, commuters in Japan will be able to use Apple Pay to buy railway tickets, which could prove to be a huge opportunity for Apple. Operator East Japan Railway Co. alone served 17.4 million passengers a day in the year that ended in March, and Apple has added special chips to its iPhones to support the service. Apple Pay already works on the London Underground, buses and other forms of transit there. “We’ve taken away the whole step of people having to buy a ticket,” said Shashi Verma, director of customer experience at Transport for London. Apple is looking to serve more transit systems as cities like New York and Boston move toward tap-based mobile payments as an option. Some commuter rail lines servicing both cities currently let customers buy tickets from within an app. While Apple doesn’t have its own loyalty program, it is making it easier for consumers to take advantage of merchant reward plans. In June, it began working with Orange Cash, a mobile-payment app for customers of French telecom giant Orange SA. Orange Cash uses geo-location to personalize offers sent to users’ phones and rewards them for loyalty to particular brands. Apple Pay is also integrated into the app of Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now One Less Haven for Investors as Trump Damages Denmark’s Appeal Trump Says Any Supporters Practicing Bigotry Need to ‘Stop It’ Obama Defends EU, NATO Amid Doubts About Trump’s Intentions Banks Lure $30 Billion Deposits as Indians Struggle to Find Cash Trump Says Same-Sex Marriage Is Settled Law, Abortion Isn’t Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search Report: Amazon to Open Small Brick-and-Mortar Grocery Stores October 11, 2016 10:34am NASDAQ:AMZN ShareTweet According to a WSJ report, Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) will soon open convenience stores and curbside pickup locations as the retail giant delves deeper into the grocery world. From the Wall Street Journal: The Seattle company aims to build small brick-and-mortar stores that would sell produce, milk, meats and other perishable items that customers can take home, these people say. Primarily using their mobile phones or, possibly, touch screens around the store, customers could also order peanut butter, cereal and other goods with longer shelf lives for same-day delivery. For customers seeking a quicker checkout, Amazon will soon begin rolling out designated drive-in locations where online grocery orders will be brought to the car, the people said. The company is developing license-plate reading technology to speed wait times. The move once again pits Amazon directly up against fellow retail giant Wal-Mart, as many of Wal-Mart’s thousands of retail locations include full or partial grocery stores. Amazon has also been taking a chunk out of Sam’s Club and Costco subscription businesses. Shoppers can expect Amazon’s new grocery service in densely-populated urban areas first. Amazon plans to roll the service out to customers who are already ordering groceries using its existing grocery services: The grocery stores, known internally as Project Como, are for now slated exclusively for customers of its Fresh subscription service, which promises same-day food delivery at set times, the people said. Last week, Amazon dropped its $299 annual price for Fresh and instituted a $15 monthly fee, available to members of its $99 Prime delivery service. For now, Amazon isn’t commenting on the report, but we’ll be sure to follow up on this developing story as the new service gets closer to launch. Amazon shares fell $7.14 (-0.85%) to $834.57 in Tuesday morning trading. Year-to-date, AMZN has gained 23.49%, versus a 5.24% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 during the same period. Tags: Amazon Amazon.com Equity NASDAQ:AMZN retail technology Categories: NASDAQ:AMZN Read Next Guggenheim: Amazon the Main Winner in Consumer Spending Revolution Analyst: Amazon’s “Sphere of Influence” Looks Unstoppable JPMorgan Says Amazon is Going to $1,000 Amazon’s Price Target Lifted to $950 on Prime, Alexa Growth Amazon is Planning a Spotify-Killer Streaming Music Service Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular Analyst: After Trump Rally Ends, Stocks Will Plunge Over 10% Is The Trump Rally Actually Sustainable? ETF Ticker Page Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2016 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
Search for: The Mountain Jackpot News Main menu Skip to content Home Almanac Victor Happenings Classifieds General Business Stories Letters News Woodland Park Cripple Creek Police Commentary Mike Parish Beth Dodd Eli Stone Photo Gallery Sponsors/Ad COS Airport Status/Delays TMJ Distribution Centers Contact Us Obituaries Colorado Alternatives Special Section Videos Sub menu Almanac Week of 10.11.16 Tuesday, Oct 11 The Green Mountain Falls Planning Commission will meet on Oct. 11 at 6:30 p.m. in the GMF Town Hall. Wednesday, Oct. 12 TSC (Teller Senior Coalition) Transit is excited to announce our bus service on Wednesdays in Woodland Park. This is a joint venture with Cripple Creek Transit to provide much needed transportation service between Cripple Creek and Woodland Park. TSC Transit will be picking up from the Senior Center and will be making stops at Pikes Peak Family Medicine, Pikes Peak Regional Hospital, City Market, Safeway, Walgreens, Walmart nd the Department of Social Services upon request. Call 719-687-0256 for more details or visit the TSC website at www.tellerseniorcoalition.com for a full schedule of pick up and drop off times Thursday, Oct. 13 TOPS, Take Off Pounds Sensibly. The original nonprofit weight-loss group is an educational support group providing weekly weigh-ins and programs to help members make positive changes in the role food plays in their lives. Local chapter meets every Thursday at 10 am in Green Mountain Falls at the Church in the Wildwood. Call Evelyn at 719-748-8383 for more information. The Teller County Commissioners will meet on Oct. 13 in the Centennial Building in Cripple Creek on Oct. 13 at 9:15 a.m. The Woodland Park Planning Commission will meet on Oct. 13 at 7 p.m. in the WP Council Chambers next to city hall. Friday, Oct. 14 The Pikes Peak Rotary Club will meet at 7 a.m. at the Woodland Park Public Library every Friday. Forest restoration. Community volunteers and CUSP will be performing work that makes our forests healthier and more resilient to disease infestation and fire, while providing firewood for local families and individuals this winter. It is scheduled for Oct. 14 from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. at 1010 Evergreen Heights Drive in Woodland Park. Volunteers will remove logs from a forest thinning site and load the logs onto trucks provided by USAFA and the community. We will then transport the wood to Northeast Teller County Fire Department (Help the Needy wood processing location) where we will process the logs into firewood for delivery. This volunteer project epitomizes the military and community volunteers’ commitment to public service and protecting our communities from wildfire. For more information, visit volunteer.cusp.ws or contact Rachel@uppersouthplatte.org or call 719-748-0033. The Cripple Creek Parks and Recreation will host roller skating and blading activities on every Friday from 1 to 4 p.m. Call 719-689-3514 for more information. Freemasonry. Learn about Freemasonry in our community, offering friendship, growth, leadership and providing charity. Learn more details about the Lodge No. 96 at 75 Buffalo Ct. in Divide. Meetings are held the first Friday of the month at 7 p.m. Call Roger at 719-310-0766 for more details. Cripple Creepshow. Thin Air Theatre Company (TATC), now in its 10th year at the Butte Theater, will stage the “Cripple Creepshow” from Sept. 30-Oct. 30. This original play is created by collaboration between TATC artists Chris Sorensen, Mickey Burdick, Mel Moser, and Chris Armbrister.A mysterious show rolls into town, tents are erected, and the audience files in. But what happens when the stories told begin to leave the stage and cross into real life? Join us this Halloween season for an anthology in the vein of “Tales from the Darkside,” “The Twilight Zone,” and “Night Gallery.” In distinctly Cripple Creek fashion, four short stories come to life, based on such lore as “The Portrait of Dorian Gray”, “Dr. Jekyl and Mr. Hyde”, “The Monkey’s Paw”, and the “Tale of Sasquatch”; all blended with music and a touch of comedy. The show is directed by Chris Armbrister, and musically directed by James Mablin, and features many of TATC’s favorite actors, including Nick Madson, JT Rider and more. As an extra bonus, this show is followed by a very special Halloween Olio, full of dance, music and spooktacular comedy. For more information and to make online reservations, visit ButteTheater.com. To make phone reservations, call 719-689-3247. Saturday, Oct. 15 Senior Center Pancake Breakfast. Enjoy a Pancake Breakfast at the Woodland Park Senior Center, Pine and Lake Streets, Saturday, October 15, from 8 am to 11 am. Join us for a fresh cooked, all you can eat, breakfast of fluffy pancakes, scrambled eggs, sausage, melon and the best biscuits and gravy around. We guarantee to get your Saturday off to a great start! Your home town seniors will be flipping the pancakes and serving them up with juice and coffee or hot tea for only $8. Kids 6 and under eat for $2. This open to the public fundraising event helps to support the programs and activities of the Woodland Park Senior Center. We appreciated the support of each one of you! Mark your calendars and plan to join us on the 3rd Saturday each month of the year. Historical Society Auction. The 2016 Pikes Peak Historical Society Annual Auction will be held on Saturday, October 15, 2016 at 2 p.m. at the Lake George Charter School gym/auditorium in Lake George. This auction is a major fundraiser for the Pikes Peak Historical Society, a non-profit organization which maintains two free museums in Florissant. The PPHS also provides free educational programs throughout the year. This organization and their sponsored events are funded off of membership dues and donations. The funds generated by the annual auction supplements these funds. A variety of items will be offered for purchase at the upcoming auction – gift certificates to local stores, food items, antiques and collectibles, and something “Very Enticing” has been donated by Richard Fretterd, from the show ‘Prospectors’. For more information contact Scott Adams at 719-748-9035 or John Rakowski at 719-748-3861. Community Health Fair. The Pikes Peak Regional Hospital and Surgery Center will sponsor its fourth annual Community Health Fair on Oct. 15 from 8:30 a.m. to noon at its facility off Hwy. 24. The fair will feature 30 vendors, door prizes, health information, free screenings and more. Participants will receive a variety of discounted services in such areas as blood pressure, breast cancer awareness, discounted mammography, EMS fire department displays, transition care, balanced nutrition, exercise for arthritis, stress screenings and much more. For more information, call 719-687-9999. Haunted Field of Screams. The Cripple Creek Parks and Recreation Department is sponsoring a special trip to the state’s largest haunting attraction in Thornton, Colorado on Oct. 15. The bus leaves at 4 p.m. and returns at 2 a.m. on Oct. 16. The cost of the trip is only $8 per rider. Participants will get a chance to partake in some great haunts, while there, including the Haunted Field of Dreams and the Zombie Paintball Massacre, just to name a few. For more information, call 719-689-3514. Sunday, Oct. 16 Chance to be a star. One-day auditions will be held for “A Cripple Creek Christmas Carol” for all ages, both male and female. They will be held at the Butte Theater in Cripple Creek on Oct. 16, starting at 6 p.m. If you cannot make this particular audition, please call 719-689-6402. This performance is one of the most popular shows of the year in Cripple Creek. Upcoming Election Voting Kick-off. Ballots will be mailed out to all registered voters in Teller and El Paso counties, starting on Oct. 17, for the Nov. 8 election. A number of key ballot issues will be decided on, along with significant races, such as the presidential showdown. Voters have a variety of options for mailing-in their ballots, or dropping them off at designated spots or visiting polling centers. A special pre-election issue, outlining these details, will be published in TMJ on Oct. 18. For future election information, visit www.mountainjackpot.com. City Wide Scavanger Hunt and Colorado Craft Distillery Tasting. Participate in Cripple Creek’s first ever Zombie Scavenger Hunt on Oct. 22, with a number of participating businesses. Find the clues like your life depends on it, and try your luck at snagging a $1,000 top prize. This is one of the new events the city has launched for 2016. Another new event, sponsored by the city, includes the Colorado Craft Distillery Tasting festival, scheduled for Nov. 12. See www.VisitCrippleCreek.com/Events for details. Breaking the Silence LIVECAST, sponsored by Andrew Wommack Ministries, will be a shared viewing experience hosted by Pastor Mark Cowart and emceed by Carrie Pickett on October 28-29 from the Charis Bible College campus in Woodland Park. This event will air live and simulcast to many locations both in and outside the US. It is scheduled for Oct. 28 at 5 p.m. (mountain time) and Oct. 29 at 11 a.m. (mountain time). Participants can register for free by calling 719-635-1111 or visiting www.awmi.net/LIVECAST. The deadline for registration is at the close of the events on Oct. 29. The event is open to all members of the public. Art Reception. An art reception with featured artist Carlene Toy, will be held at the Eichman Gallery in Park State Bank & Trust on Friday, Nov. 4, starting at 3 p.m. Toy’s works include oil, feather paintings and bronze sculptures. Manitou Springs/Colorado Springs Manitou Springs Heritage Center announces their featured Exhibit of the Week Series-See our spectacular exhibit, “Manitou Rails,” featuring the Pikes Peak Cog Railway, the Manitou Incline and the Red Mountain Incline, starting Sept. 24. Learn the story of how railways and inclines dominate the Manitou landscape and continue to our town’s growth, as a tourist attraction. In recent years, the Manitou Incline has become widely known f or its extreme physical challenges to any healthy fanatic. The Manitou Springs Heritage Center is located at 517 Manitou Avenue. For more information, call 719-685-1454, Emma Crawford Coffin Races and Parade. Manitou Springs celebrates the 22nd annual Emma Crawford Coffin Race & Parade on Saturday, Oct. 29. The parade starts at noon, followed by 70 teams, racing coffins down Manitou Avenue for the ultimate victory. Each team consists of one Emma and four runners dressed in costume. The fastest times earch trophies as well as a chance to win Best Emma, Best Entourage and Best Coffin. Common Prayer Liturgy. A special Common Prayer Liturgy is planned at First Lutheran Church in Colorado Springs (1515 N. Cascade Avenue) featuring Bishop Michael J. Sheridan of the Diocese of Colorado Springs and the Rev. Dr. Lowell G. Almen, co-chair of the U.S. Lutheran-Catholic Dialogue. It is scheduled for Oct. 29 at 11 a.m. The liturgy for the day is adapted from the rite that will be led by Pope Francis and Bishop Munib Younan, president of the Lutheran World Federation, in Lund, Sweden, on October 31. That service in Lund officially will mark the beginning of a year of remembrance for the 500th anniversary of the Lutheran Reformation, as well as the Protestant and Catholic reformations of the 16th century. The “Common Prayer” liturgy will be part of a morning of focus, “Marking a Milestone,” on church reform. The day will begin at 9 a.m. with an overview of key events in the various reformations. For more information, call 632-8836. The annual Victorian Christmas at Miramont Castle is back and slated for Nov. 25, starting at 10 a.m. Enjoy the wonders of a true Victorian holiday experience. The castle is lavishly decorated, homemade refreshments abound and delightful entertainment is available. Post navigation ← TMJ News Week of 10.11.16 Woodland Park Dirt Feud Reaches a Conclusion – Bob Volpe and Rick Langenberg → Weather Updates Image of the Week Woodland Park Cripple Creek Manitou Springs Florissant Green Mountain Falls Victor Canon City This Weeks Front Page In Print Twitter Tweets by @TMountainJ Like Us On Facebook Here Cripple Creek Today The Cripple Creek Today Blog is to inform, entertain and engage residents and visitors alike. Take a Look... TMJ Distribution Centers Pick up TMJ at over 150 businesses (click here for the list) CategoriesCategories Select Category Almanac Beth Dodd Biz: Lodging Biz: Restaurants Business Stories Cathy Mahrholz Classified Colorado Alternatives Special Section Commentary Contact Us COS Airport Status/Delays CR Chambers Cripple Creek Cripple Creek Eli Stone Front Page General Green Mountain Falls Horoscope Letters Local Local Event Calendar Manitou Meet a Creeker Mike Parish News Obituaries Photo Gallery Police Rick Langenberg Robert Volpe Sponsors/Ad Square Peg TMJ Distribution Centers U-Report Victor Happenings Videos Waldo Canyon Fire Photo Gallery Waldo Canyon Pics Weather Woodland Park Woodland Park Pages About Browse Ads Browse Categories Search Ads Tags Almanac cheap michael coach purses u Commentary divide Front Page Local Announcements Manitou michael kors 2 michael kors p michael kors w Mike Parish Police Rick Langenberg Steve Kipp Woodland Park Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 November 2011 September 2011 July 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 Recent Posts Teller voters ride the Trump wave; kill term limits ban and key tax plans- Rick Langenberg November 9, 2016 Unofficial Election Results How Teller County Voted *Key Races and Ballot Issues November 9, 2016 Opposes plan to end term limits for elected officials – Letter to the editor November 8, 2016 Woodland Park DDA Can’t Escape Dirt-gate Former Mayor Issued an Ultimatum – Rick Langenberg November 8, 2016 Authorities capture Woodland Park man suspected of attempted murder Rick Langenberg November 8, 2016 Copyright © 2014 The Mountain Jackpot News All Rights Reserved. Magazine Premium created by c.bavota.
Home News Crime Local Texas Sports Investigations Weather Alerts Allergy Report Forecast Radar Rainfall Totals Low Water Crossing & Road Closures Austin Webcams Traffic Report It Live Stream Studio512 Contact Us 63° F Clear Hi: 72° F Lo: 57° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Texas National Crime Politics Live Streaming Bastrop County Hays County Williamson County Featured: Amir Abdul-Khaliq Latest Headlines Japan actor gives his all to play shogi master in ‘Satoshi’ Updated: 2 mins ago TOKYO (AP) — The devotion Kenichi Matsuyama gave to portraying a shogi prodigy who lived a fearlessly single-minded life is clear in the mon… 10 Things to Know for Monday Updated: 12 mins ago Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about Monday: 1. TRUMP FILLS TWO KEY JOBS Republi… Japan’s economy grows 2.2 pct year-on-year in last quarter Updated: 42 mins ago Students tackle ambitious inventions in 24-hour hackathon 7:41 pm Birding group plans suit to fight wind turbine on Lake Erie 6:56 pm Weather Weather Alerts Allergy Report Burn Bans Forecast Lake Levels Radar Rainfall Totals Satellite SatRad Tropics Water Crossings Weather Blog Weather Diary Webcams Current Conditions 63° F Clear Feels Like: 63° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 81% Dewpoint: 57° F Sunrise: 6:55 AM Sunset: 5:35 PM Austin Area Weather 7-Day Forecast Radar Allergy Satellite Traffic Low Water Crossings Investigations Investigations David Barer Brian Collister Josh Hinkle Robert Maxwell Kylie McGivern Kevin Schwaller Latest Headlines UT pipe mix-up dumps sewage in Waller Creek for 2 years November 11, 2016 KXAN has obtained court and state records showing this is not the first construction-related problem the contractor has faced in the past si… Suspended AFD captain posted political comments on Facebook November 10, 2016 Capt. Gregory “Lance” Zenkner posted political comments during the two months leading up to this week’s federal election. Do Not Call lists: Why they’re not really working anymore November 10, 2016 Food deserts: How Austin is tackling the problem November 8, 2016 Justice Unraveled: How flawed forensics will impact high-profile cases November 5, 2016 Sports Report It More About Us Contact Us Meet Our Team Television Schedule Work for Us ——————- KXAN Educates XtheTXT Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Studio 512 Studio 512 Art Beauty Cocktails DIY Entertainment Family Fashion Financial Fitness Food Gardening Home Décor Medical Music Pets Personal Time Weddings Latest Headlines Tips to Finding Your Perfect Handbag November 11, 2016 Eve Michaels stopped by to give us tips on finding the perfect purse. Try a Unique Pumpkin Slaw This Holiday November 11, 2016 Evan LeRoy stopped by with a recipe for Thanksgiving success. Tips for Creating an Inviting Thanksgiving Table for Kids and Adults November 11, 2016 Three Sweaters to Add to Your Closet November 10, 2016 Meet our Pet of the Week: Zuri! November 10, 2016 Search for: Search the site 63° F Clear Hi: 72° F Lo: 57° F Police need help finding armed Walmart robbery suspect By Claire Ricke Published: October 11, 2016, 9:24 am Updated: October 11, 2016, 9:26 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Austin police seeking aggravated robbery suspect of a Walmart (Courtesy: Austin police) AUSTIN (KXAN) — Austin police are asking for help finding an armed suspect who robbed a Walmart customer in south Austin on Oct. 2. The suspect was seen driving a silver minivan at the 9300 block of the South Interstate 35 service road, near West Slaughter Lane. Police say after he entered the store the suspect approached a customer in the parking lot around 2 p.m. The suspect pulled out a gun and demanded the person give him money. Minivan the Walmart robbery suspect was seen driving He fled the scene in the minivan. The suspect is also being connected to a similar incident from 30 minutes before the Walmart robbery at another business in the area. Images of the suspect were captured on a surveillance camera, which police have released to the public. Officers describe him as a white or Hispanic man between 20 and 25-years-old. He is estimated to be 5’9″ with a thin build, brown hair, and a chinstrap beard. The photos show he was last seen wearing a baseball cap, glasses, a dark colored jacket, a white shirt, red pants, and grey tennis shoes. Anyone with information is asked to call the Robbery Unit Tip Line at 512-974-5092 or Crime Stoppers at 512-472-TIPS or text “Tip 103” + your message to CRIMES. Minivan the Walmart robbery suspect was seen driving Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Related Posts Police need help finding South Austin hotel robbery suspect Police: Fake cop targeted Hispanic men in north Austin Two suspects in Austin FaceTime robbery identified Armed robbery caught on FaceTime in Austin Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » KXAN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Users who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on KXAN.com Top Stories UT pipe mix-up dumps sewage in Waller Creek for 2 years Harker Heights missing girl found Trump names Priebus, Bannon to senior White House roles Photo Galleries PHOTOS: UT students protest Trump in downtown march PHOTOS: Wall collapses at a south Austin apartment complex PHOTOS: Rainbows after a November rain PHOTOS: Cubs fans celebrate World Series victory! PHOTOS: Transforming Zilker moonlight tower into holiday tree PHOTOS: Austinites having a Happy Halloween PHOTOS: Police oust pipeline protesters in North Dakota PHOTOS: F1 U.S. Grand Prix in Austin PHOTOS: Taylor Swift revs up crowd at Formula 1 PHOTOS: Friday Night Game Week 9 football photos PHOTOS: Hurricane Matthew slams into Florida coast Angelina Jolie Pitt files for divorce from Brad Pitt Photos: 2016 Emmys Red Carpet Looks PHOTOS: Friday Night Football Week 4 PHOTOS: Rainbows brighten Austin-area sky PHOTOS: Week 3 of High School Football PHOTOS: High School football Week 2 PHOTOS: Storms light up the sky near Austin PHOTOS: KXAN Team goes Back to School PHOTOS: State Fair of Texas 2016 food finalists Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KXAN.com © 2000-2016 LIN Television of Texas, LP, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Austin Weather Traffic Investigations Report It Sports KXAN Educates Station About Us Contact Us Contests TV Schedule Email Alerts Text Alerts Work for Us Facebook Twitter Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File Children’s TV Programming EEO Report Media General Our Stations The CW Austin KBVO Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram KXAN-TV 908 W. Martin Luther King Jr Blvd Austin, Texas 78701 Ph: 512-476-3636 X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Health Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Health Home Men's Health Women's Health Children's Health Alternative Medicine Diabetes Heart Health Nutrition & Fitness Pregnancy Woman delivers baby while checking out at Walmart in Utah Published October 10, 2016 Associated Press Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print   PAYSON, Utah –  A Utah Walmart got a special delivery when a woman had her baby while in a checkout line. The Provo Daily Herald reports that the woman was buying groceries Sunday at the store in Payson when she went into labor. More on this... California mother gives birth in hallway after complaining of stomachache Kansas mother gives birth to 3 sets of twins in 26 months Widow gives birth to stillborn son after husband killed by drunk driver Payson Fire Department spokesman Terry Reilly says it was not the woman's first pregnancy and things "progressed pretty rapidly." Employees and other customers had to help deliver the baby in the store before emergency crews arrived. The mother and baby were taken to a hospital in Payson, about 60 miles south of Salt Lake City. Both are healthy.   Advertisement Trending in Health 1 Dr. Manny: How Newt Gingrich may help shape Trump's health care plan 2 Dr. Manny: Trump can revolutionize health care for America 3 Company strives to provide eye care for underserved global communities 4 12 ways to manage diabetes during pregnancy 5 How to get rid of canker sores and prevent them from coming back See all Trends Top Health Centers View All Back Pain Cancer Depression Heart Disease Pain Management Sexual Health Beauty & Skin Cold and Flu Digestive Health Nutrition Pregnancy Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
Home News Local News Ohio National Election Results National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Investigations Report It Sports Operation Football High School Football Scoreboard Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Cooking Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics More About Us Contact Us Food For Friends Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy Live Stream 42° F Clear Hi: 56° F Lo: 32° F Forecast Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio National Election Results National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Featured: Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Ohio Drug Overdose Latest Headlines Trump taps Priebus for chief of staff, Bannon for senior counsel 4:50 pm The moves are Trump’s first as he sets about putting together his administration. Victim in Trotwood shooting dies; identified 1:51 pm The Montgomery County Coroner’s office has identified the victim as 48-year-old Harold Smith of Trotwood. Police looking for suspects after pharmacy robbed at gunpoint in Dayton 1:30 pm Zombie Dogz opens restaurant 1:19 pm Dayton police cruiser involved in crash 10:45 am Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Current Conditions 42° F Clear Feels Like: 38° F Wind: SSW 7 Humidity: 43% Dewpoint: 21° F Sunrise: 7:19 AM Sunset: 5:21 PM Dayton Weather Severe Weather 7 Day Forecast Current Temps Doppler Radar Sat/Rad Rainfall Sponsored by: Investigations Report It Sports Sports Operation Football High School Football Scoreboard Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Latest Headlines Fort Recovery knocks out Covington 42-14 November 12, 2016 Fort Recovery beat Covington 42-14 in the second round of the high school football D-VII playoffs. Watch the highlights. High school football playoff scores – Saturday November 12, 2016 High school football playoff scores from around the state of Ohio. Marion Local knocks out St. Henry 22-0 November 11, 2016 Alter cruises past Clinton Massie 28-0 November 11, 2016 The Wayne train keeps rolling 52-10 over Dublin Coffman November 11, 2016 Living Dayton Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Cooking Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics Featured: Teacher of the Month Latest Headlines Pet of the Week November 11, 2016 Brian from the Humane Society brings us this week’s pet of the week!     Holiday on Ice November 11, 2016 It’s a perfect night of exploring art and sipping on some masterpieces at the Holiday on Ice Preview Party & Artful Cocktail Mix-Of.     Veggie Lentil Soup November 11, 2016 Different Types of Hearing Aids November 11, 2016 Miami Valley Homecare November 11, 2016 More About Us Contact Us Food For Friends Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy Live Stream Search for: Search the site 42° F Clear Hi: 56° F Lo: 32° F Cancer patient mistaken for murder suspect KHQ Published: October 11, 2016, 10:00 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) POST FALLS, Idaho (KHQ) – An Idaho woman battling breast cancer said she was wrongfully handcuffed and accused of being a murderer at a busy Port Falls Walmart. Already frail and feeling weak from her treatments, she said the process was not only painful but also “humiliating.” “I want an apology,” said Erin Peters. “I felt like I was extremely wronged. They went about it excessively. I was blatantly called a liar.” Peters said she was running a few errands at a Walmart after leaving a radiation appointment. She said law enforcement approached her from behind and put her in handcuffs. “I honestly thought I was being mugged,” she said. “They accused me of murder. I heard them say ‘Whitley Evenson, you are under arrest for murder.’ I said ‘I’m not Whitley, please you’ve got the wrong person.’ I was then called a liar. Tears started rolling.” Peters said she tried to clear up the mess by showing them proof of her identity. She said she was blown off. “They said flat out, identify theft isn’t that hard,” she said. “I couldn’t have been more shocked. They tightened the cuffs.” Share this: Tweet Email Print More Share on Tumblr Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Idaho mom of child who suffers seizures charged with giving daughter marijuana Random act of kindness touches breast cancer patient Dad shares harrowing photo after doctors say daughter battling cancer has weeks to live Pregnant shopper humiliated Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WDTN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others and keep the conversation on topic and civil. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending now on WDTN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WDTN.com © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site Map News Weather Report It Investigations Living Dayton Legal FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s Programs Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Station Contact Us Staff Bios Work for us TV Schedule Live Stream Contests Our Partners Media General Dayton’s CW NBC Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/zbk7w1n1ho9mk3/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Who Am I Supposed To Call When My Credit Card Info Is Stolen? Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Who Am I Supposed To Call When My Credit Card Info Is Stolen? Image courtesy of frankieleon October 11, 2016 9:00 am EST By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk is anyone listening to me walmart sam's club target fbi credit cards debit cards cyber-crime crime fraud fraudulent activity data breaches You just found out your credit or debit card info has been used by someone else to make a fraudulent purchase. There are so many different people you can call, each involved in some aspect of this theft. There’s your bank that issued the card, the credit card network the issuer uses for that card, the retailer or website that processed the payment, the police, the FBI… Do you need to call all of these or just one or two? What if you think your incident might be a sign of a larger breach? Recently, a couple of Consumerist readers wrote in to share experiences with online fraud — an experience familiar to many, but still upsetting every time it happens to you. Cyber Crime Woes In the first case, reader Peter paid a parking meter near his local Target store using a credit card that he’d otherwise used exclusively at the retailer. He also use the card to make a purchase inside the store. Later that day, he noticed fraudulent online purchases pending on this account, including one at Target.com. He alerted his bank, Wells Fargo, and they took care of it on their end, but it made him wonder if Target had been compromised, considering the perpetrators would have needed access to the CVV number (that three-digit number printed on the back of the card) and the billing address on file with the company. Another reader, Ken, had similar concerns about a larger breach when his Walmart-branded card was used to try to purchase two expensive smartphones using the information stored in his Sam’s Club account. Ken only became aware of the issue when he was notified by email that Sam’s Club had canceled the first of two orders because the item was out of stock. His card wasn’t successfully charged as a result. He too, was worried that Sam’s Club had suffered a data breach, possibly exposing his personal information. But when he brought his concerns to the company, he says they would only provide a mailing address to communicate with the corporate office. So Was There A Breach? We spoke with reps for both Target and Sam’s Club, who each claimed that these incidents were not indicative of a larger data breach. A Sam’s Club spokeswoman said that situations like Ken’s “are usually a result a customer’s username and password being acquired by a third party in ways unrelated to Walmart or Sam’s Club, for example through phishing, malware or a breach of another company’s system.” Who Do You Notify First? Peter did the right thing by contacting his bank about the unauthorized transactions, according to Will Bales, a special agent in the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s Cyber Division. He told Consumerist that people with compromised cards should first contact the bank or financial institution that issued their card to ensure they won’t be liable for any fraudulent activity. And do it quickly. While the law limits consumers’ liability on fraudulent credit and debit card transactions, the card issuer must be told immediately. Waiting more than few days to report a fraudulent debit card transaction can significantly increase the amount of the fraud you’re liable for. Target and Sam’s Club agree. “If a guest suspects fraudulent purchases, he or she should immediately report it to the card-issuing bank,” a Target spokeswoman told Consumerist. “It is the responsibility of the credit card company to investigate any case of a potential fraudulent purchase. Target fully cooperates with these types of investigations and provides all requested documentation.” The Sam’s Club spokeswoman also urged members to file a dispute with their financial institution as well, adding, “We can also work with the member to provide a copy of the receipt of any transactional details needed to dispute the charges.” Should I Tell The FBI? After you’ve squared things away with your bank, you can also bring the issue to the attention to any retailers involved, though they will likely point you, again, toward your banking or financial institution, and may offer other advice like changing your password. Bales suggests wronged consumers should also file a complaint with the FBI’s Internet Crimes Complaint Center, known as IC3. Once a complaint has been submitted, what happens next depends on what kind of information the FBI receives, Bales explains, but don’t expect to turn on the news in two days and see an FBI strike force knocking down the doors of the ID thieves who used your card info to buy a pizza. “In an ideal world we’d like to hit the ground running as quickly as we can, but due to the statutes and our legal system, we like to get several similar cases that we may believe to be the same subject behind the fraud,” Bales tells Consumerist. “With multiple complaints we develop a better picture and a better understanding, that will further our investigation.” Consumers can also file a police report if they have local law enforcement they’re comfortable working with, Bales suggests. Local police will have information gathered on some of these cases, and the FBI often works with departments on bigger schemes that are out there, “so we can bring down the groups that have been doing this, whether in individual cities or on a nationwide basis,” he says. There’s the option of calling up your local FBI field office as well, so you can speak with a human being on the phone, Bales notes, promising that there are people ready to listen. “We understand the frustration that some people feel whether they’ve lost $30 or $3,000,” he says. “Sometimes they don’t feel that justice is acting quite as quickly as they’d like, but we’re perfectly fine with them inquiring,” and if possible, let them know authorities are conducting a larger investigation. But Will My One Complaint Even Matter? Given the size of some data breaches, affecting more than 100 million people in certain cases, you might think one little complaint against a stranger won’t change anything or identify a larger breach, but you’d be wrong, Bales says. “Sometimes you don’t know something is a problem until you start seeing that bigger picture,” he says. “We start seeing, ‘Wait a second, these are all connected!’ — and by all we’re talking about hundreds or maybe thousands of complaints… That leads us to start asking some different questions.” Oftentimes companies will contact the FBI themselves after they’ve done their due diligence, so when it comes to identifying big breaches, “it’s a little bit of both.” When To Take Extra Steps Christina Tetreault, staff attorney for Consumers Union, says as long as it’s just your payment information that’s been compromised — and not a breach that involves more personally identifying information like your Social Security number or date of birth — you shouldn’t suffer financially in these cases. “Thanks to strong protections under federal law, your financial losses due to fraud on a credit or debit card are limited. Moreover, if just the card number was stolen, your larger exposure to fraud is pretty limited,” she explains. “As long as you take some simple steps to make sure your bank knows, get another card, and watch your other accounts, then you’re pretty much covered.” She warns consumers against paying any company that offers to protect your identity in these situations. “Identity theft protection companies sell the idea that their services will protect you when your payment card info has been compromised,” she points out. “Generally, most identity theft monitoring protects against new account fraud. That’s when crooks open a new account in your name. That’s not a danger if only your payment card numbers were stolen. Your risk then is fraud on your existing accounts. Since it won’t help prevent existing account fraud, it’s probably not a good idea to run out and buy some expensive identity theft protection because you found out your payment card info was comprised.” However, if scamsters have accessed more personally identifying information, that’s when you should take additional steps to protect yourself from identity theft, like initiating a security freeze to prevent fraudsters from opening accounts in your name. To that end, Consumers Union has a great checklist of what to do in those situations. Precaution Is Important Bales emphasizes the role precaution can have in avoiding such situations in the first place, noting that consumers should be suspicious — “don’t just swipe your card at anything that has a card swipe to it,” for example — and update your card if possible. “If there’s a chance you can update your card to a newer technology, update your card — that will help you out,” Bales advises. Tetreault adds that there are some easy ways you can protect your personal information to keep fraudsters from accessing things they shouldn’t. “Crooks are getting more and more sophisticated, so taking steps to secure your information is good practice,” she advises. “That means, always use good data security hygiene: safeguard your computers and mobile devices with passwords, shred documents with your personal information, consider a security freeze for your credit reports, and take whatever additional steps you can to keep your personal information private.” Was this helpful? We’re a non-profit! You can get more stories like this in our twice weekly ad-free newsletter! Click here to sign up. October 11, 2016 By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk is anyone listening to me walmart sam's club target fbi credit cards debit cards cyber-crime crime fraud fraudulent activity data breaches Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related scamalamadingdong Check Your Debit, Credit Card Statements For “BLS WebLearn” Scam Transactions skim scam flimflam ATM Debit Card Data Theft Is Up As Much As 317% the future of crime FBI Warns Stores To Prepare For More Credit Card Hacks we need to know everything Walmart Policy Requires Customers To Fork Over Their Credit Card’s 3-Digit Security Code needless markup Credit Card Hackers Go Upscale, Steal Neiman Marcus Customers’ Info Previous Verizon Won’t Walk Away From Yahoo Deal, But May Want A Discount Next Samsung Permanently Scraps All Galaxy Note 7 Production Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Samsung Permanently Scraps All Galaxy Note 7 Production Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Music Features Miley Cyrus on ‘The Voice,’ Donald Trump and Coming Out Ramin Setoodeh New York Bureau Chief @RaminSetoodeh 78 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Print Pin It Tumblr Warwick Saint for Variety October 11, 2016 | 06:00AM PT On the latest season of NBC’s “The Voice,” Miley Cyrus has reinvented herself from a twerking pop star to a mama-hen mentor. “I cry all the time,” Cyrus says about having to axe members of her team during the show’s elimination rounds. Behind the scenes, she dispenses copies of the self-help book “The Untethered Soul” to her contestants, trying to calm them down before live performances. On camera, she showcases an eclectic style — like an outfit covered in paper flowers — meant to counteract any last-minute jitters. This story first appeared in the October 11, 2016 issue of Variety. Subscribe today.See more. Related Laverne Cox Teases Fox’s ‘Rocky Horror’: ‘It’s No Holds Barred’ “I think it makes the contestants feel safer,” says Cyrus of her colorful wardrobe. “When I turn around, people laugh and feel lighthearted. I think they get to see that side of me.” For many years, Cyrus had a different public persona. “People saw me as being wild, and literally all I do is I’m obsessed with yoga, I love hiking, and I’m reading constantly. My life is so positive. From the outside, people think I’m partying with rappers. That was back in my prime.” It’s hard to keep a straight face when Cyrus uses that line — she’s only 23. Then again, she’s been on television since grade school. At 11, Cyrus was cast as the squeaky-clean face of Disney Channel’s “Hannah Montana,” which made her the Hayley Mills of her generation. The role brought intense tabloid scrutiny, particularly as she tried to grow up. “I had a clothing line at Walmart and got kicked out, because they said you had to choose weed or Walmart,” Cyrus says. “And you see what I did — I chose weed.” In 2013, the Miley media circus reached a tipping point at the VMAs, where she gyrated alongside a row of teddy bears. She insists that the moment was misunderstood. “That was a joke,” she says. Cyrus has taken a U-turn since then. Her new career path revolves around her foundation: Happy Hippie, dedicated to supporting at-risk LGBTQ and homeless youth. “I am only doing ‘The Voice’ because that helps Happy Hippie,” Cyrus says about engaging the show’s audience to promote her cause. Cyrus has headlined such films as “The Last Song” and “Bolt,” but she’s ambivalent about making movies now. “I know that acting is boring,” she says. “People get paid way too much for what they are doing.” She almost turned down the Woody Allen TV series “Crisis in Six Scenes” but was eventually won over by the role — playing a 1960s activist. Related Helen Mirren Talks ‘Fast 8,’ Women in Hollywood and Pay Inequality Over a vegan lunch in Los Angeles, Cyrus talked about what drives her, recalled how she struggled with her pansexual identity as a teenager (she’s currently dating Liam Hemsworth), and shared her thoughts on the election. You just filled in as host of Ellen DeGeneres’ talk show. I had to introduce Sarah Jessica Parker, and she asked me if I had any friends that are voting for Donald Trump. I was like, “Do you think I have friends that would vote for Donald Trump. Come on! Who do you think I’m hanging out with?” The country is very polarized. This is not a dig. But I do think there’s something that goes with the Kardashians and Trump. The Kardashians are better than Trump, because they are not trying to run the country. They are just trying to be famous, and that’s fine. We are obsessed with celebrity. When Trump started this, I was laughing. I thought it’s not going to go anywhere; there’s no way he’ll be the candidate. Were you always a Hillary Clinton supporter? I was a really big Bernie supporter. What do you say to Bernie supporters who still won’t vote for Hillary? That’s fucking crazy and you’re out of your mind. It’s literally pissing me off more than anything. If you could ever consider Donald Trump, you never understood Bernie in the first place. Where did your sense of activism come from? I think I just felt so stupid. I felt like what I was doing didn’t have value, because being a pop star was really silly when people are homeless and hungry. In 2013, when I did the VMAs, it became the biggest story in the world. I never expected that to happen. I just did my own thing. I went out there dressed as a teddy bear, danced with teddy bears, never thought about the world thinking that was going to be a bad thing. Did the experience make you feel bad about yourself? It was making me feel like I was living a dumb life — like I should just pick another job. I didn’t understand my power at that point. People listen because of who I am, so instead of being embarrassed, I should say: “Fuck yeah, I got the microphone.” Related Scarlett Johansson Fights for Planned Parenthood and Women’s Health How did you become involved with the LGBTQ community? My whole life, I didn’t understand my own gender and my own sexuality. I always hated the word “bisexual,” because that’s even putting me in a box. I don’t ever think about someone being a boy or someone being a girl. Also, my nipple pasties and shit never felt sexualized to me. My eyes started opening in the fifth or sixth grade. My first relationship in my life was with a chick. I grew up in a very religious Southern family. The universe has always given me the power to know I’ll be OK. Even at that time, when my parents didn’t understand, I just felt that one day they are going to understand. Did you talk to them about how you felt? Yeah. My mom is like an ’80s rock chick — big blonde hair, big boobs. She loves being a girl. I never felt that way. I know some girls that love getting their nails done. I fucking hated it. My nails look like shit. I don’t wax my eyebrows. I never related to loving being a girl. And then, being a boy didn’t sound fun to me. I think the LGBTQ alphabet could continue forever. But there’s a “P” that should happen, for “pansexual.” When did you first identity as pansexual? I think when I figured out what it was. I went to the LGBTQ center here in L.A., and I started hearing these stories. I saw one human in particular who didn’t identify as male or female. Looking at them, they were both: beautiful and sexy and tough but vulnerable and feminine but masculine. And I related to that person more than I related to anyone in my life. Even though I may seem very different, people may not see me as neutral as I feel. But I feel very neutral. I think that was the first gender-neutral person I’d ever met. Once I understood my gender more, which was unassigned, then I understood my sexuality more. I was like, “Oh — that’s why I don’t feel straight and I don’t feel gay. It’s because I’m not.” Why do you think inequality still exists for women in Hollywood? A lot of it could be changed if we had a female president. That would give us a subconscious boost. I think people will have to realize they’re looking really dated. For example, there’s a show called “Supergirl.” I think having a show with a gender attached to it is weird. One, it’s a woman on that fucking billboard — it’s not a little girl. Two, what if you’re a little boy who wants to be a girl so bad that this makes you feel bad? I think having a title like “Supergirl” doesn’t give the power that people think it does. Where does your power come from? My empowerment comes from feeling like I have a purpose now. On my tombstone, I didn’t want the “Wrecking Ball” lyrics. I wanted it to be something greater. I’m the only fucking Disney star who would say I’m pro lesbian and gay, before it was OK to say that. Did you get in trouble? I actually didn’t, because a lot of the dudes that work for Disney are gay, so they were very happy to have someone on their side. You’re a mentor on “The Voice.” Do you think you’ll do more seasons? I don’t know. I definitely would like to if it made sense. I haven’t done the live shows yet. I want to see how that feels. They might be a lot more pressure. Do you not like live TV? I don’t mind the live TV as much as I do that America gets to vote when it comes to “The Voice,” and America did vote for Donald Trump to be the candidate. I actually told my team they can be the Bernie Sanders of “The Voice.” Related Miley Cyrus Stands Up for Homeless Youth How often do you cry on the show? When I have to kick them off. It’s a nightmare. For a non-confrontational person, it’s the worst gig ever. How did you get cast in the Woody Allen TV series? Were you a fan of his work? I am. I had moved, and the only thing that I brought into my new house was a picture of Woody Allen. My first night I slept in my new house, [my manager] called and said, “Woody wants you to fly to New York.” I loved working with Woody. You do like two takes. He just wants to go home and have dinner with his wife. One night it was 5:30, and the camera operator wanted to do another take. He goes, “I can’t dedicate my entire life to making movies.” Many people are now having a conversation about whether it’s possible to separate the art from the artist. Were you aware of the sexual-abuse allegations made by Dylan Farrow against her dad, and if so, did that give you pause? I live a similar life to Woody — I live a public life. Until I know someone and I know their story, I never really judge anyone. That’s kind of how I went into it. From the way I saw him with his family, I never saw him be anything but an incredible person and a really great dad. People might slam me for saying that. I’m sure it was a hard time for that family. My family has been through hard things, and I think everyone’s suffering is different. What do your parents think about your work now? On “The Voice,” this young girl started crying when she left, because I’m the reason she came out. My mom started crying. She was like, “I’m so sorry about the way I was when you were that age and coming out.” She never understood me until she saw that girl who couldn’t be herself. It was very cool. Filed Under: Miley Cyrus Power Of Women The Voice Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 78 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions Ava DuVernay on Trump and Mass Incarceration: ‘He Feels It’s a Business’ Record 27 Films Submitted for Animated Feature Oscar Race Warren Beatty Joins Best Actor Race With Colorful ‘Rules Don’t Apply’ Performance Playback: Jake Gyllenhaal on ‘Nocturnal Animals,’ ‘Demolition’ Response and More Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply 78 Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Greggreen29 says: October 17, 2016 at 8:36 am The only reasons to vote for Hilary are you think jihadists don’t run enough countries, there are too many American workers and factories in the US, and Wall Street needs a bigger voice in DC. Reply Coleman says: October 13, 2016 at 8:36 am Trailer trash. Reply Matthew says: October 12, 2016 at 3:47 pm SORRY I HAD TO FIX SOME WORDS …..Miley you have no idea what your talking about …besides the crimes agaist the people that Hillary has done and still needs to answer for (jail)..SHE RIGGED IT UP SO THAT BERNIE LOSES …I WONDER HOW MUCH MONEY THE CLINTONS GAVE BERNIE SO HE WILL STAND BY HER …WHAT A LOSER HE IS ..HE SOLD THE AMERICAN PEOPLE OUT …you think trump is bad ..you need to look at your actions ..what you have done.. what you have tweeted and face booked ect ..what you have done makes MR TRUMP LOOK LIKE A GUMMY BEAR ….your words means nothing …heres my words to you …you use tobe a role model now your a Slut I no people that are trying to get out of selling there body for money ..but you put them to shame ..your a true gifted Slut ..so look in the mirror and get the facts first Miley the Slut Reply Ann Howard says: October 12, 2016 at 4:20 pm ★★★… Most of us want to have good income but dont know how to do that on Internet there are a lot of methods to earn huge sum, but whenever Buddies try that they get trapped in a scam/fraud so I thought to share with you a genuine and guaranteed method for free to earn huge sum of money at home anyone of you interested should visit the page. I am more than sure that you will get best result. Best Of Luck for new Initiative! ••••••••••••► Spacial~Job AtHome. ✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔ ❥———————————————————-━━━❥ Reply Matthew says: October 12, 2016 at 3:40 pm miley you have no idea what your talking about …besides the crimes agaist the people that Hillary has done and still needs to answer for (jail)..SHE RIGED IT UP SO THAT BERNIE LOSES …I WONDER HOW MUCH MONEY THE CLINTONS GAVE BERNIE SO HE WILL STAND BY HER …WHAT A LOSER HER IS ..HE SOLD THE AMERICAN PEOPLE OUT …you think trump is bad ..you need to look at your actions ..what you have done.. what you have tweetedmm and face booked ect ..what you have done makes MR TRUMP LOOK LIKE A GUMMY BEAR ….your words means nothing …hers my words to you …you use tobe a role model now your a slut i no people that are trying to get out of selling there body for more ..but you put them to shame ..your a true gifted slut ..so look in the mirror and get the facts first miley the slut Reply Linda Sue says: October 12, 2016 at 3:05 pm Why not ask her if she’s offended by Trump’s language. I’d love to know the answer if she can get her hand off her crotch long enough!!! Reply Cecil B Da Mill says: October 12, 2016 at 1:23 pm Hail to the king queen of the androgyne, better you sir my dear miss. Reply Lela Hughes says: October 12, 2016 at 2:07 pm ★★★… Most of us want to have good income but dont know how to do that on Internet there are a lot of methods to earn huge sum, but whenever Buddies try that they get trapped in a scam/fraud so I thought to share with you a genuine and guaranteed method for free to earn huge sum of money at home anyone of you interested should visit the page. I am more than sure that you will get best result. Best Of Luck for new Initiative! ••••••••••••► Spacial~Job AtHome. ✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔ ❥———————————————————-━━━❥ Reply Kelli says: October 12, 2016 at 10:28 am Good for you, Miley!! You’ve come such a long way!! You are now using your “Voice” to effect change and make a positive difference for many people, young and old, in this country!! Keep being your awesome, individual self!! Reply Janice says: October 15, 2016 at 8:31 am Rubbing her genitals and narrow behind against men genitals and simulating sex acts on stage is so empowering for all women! GAG. Reply Debbie says: October 12, 2016 at 9:34 am She is so vulgar & flipping weird. Who cares what she thinks. You could only wish you were as good of singer as mariah carey little girl. Your parents must be so proud lol. Reply Jason Calabasas says: October 18, 2016 at 9:55 am Nobody can sing like Mariah. Stop hating on her because she’s hot, rich, young, and having fun. Go back to your pathetic pointless life and consider what YOU can do to help this world be a better place. Reply stormy says: October 12, 2016 at 8:28 am “From the way I saw him with his family, I never saw him be anything but an incredible person and a really great dad.” And you think what? That he’s going to molest children right in front of you? Not that you would mind, right? Money talks. “I think the LGBTQ alphabet could continue forever.” Yeah, with people like you representing the LBGT community, the hope is not that the “P” will be tacked on for “pansexual”, but rather “pedophile”. You call into question whether that community doesn’t just want to see every kink known to man legitimized and protected from prosecution. You really give the movement a bad name(or a more accurate representation?). As for identifying as a “pansexual”, has your generation never heard the term “tomboy”? Both men and women have feminine aspects of their personalities. It doesn’t mean they are transgender or homosexual. Reply azarkhan says: October 12, 2016 at 7:56 am Miley, there is nothing more “weird” than your sorry ass, so STFU. Reply 愛知県知立市 家庭教師 says: October 12, 2016 at 6:05 am どうも。 中学生の娘、どうしても集中力が続かない。 もともと問題を解く力はそれほどダメじゃないとは考えているのだが、しっかりと続けて勉強したことがない。 そんなもんだから受験のときもスタートはできても諦めてしまって、結局、点数は良くならない。 どうしたものかと思案していたが、この際、思い切って家庭教師を雇うことにした。 せっかくだから安心できる会社をちゃんと見つけていい先生に来てもらいたいと思う。 がんばれ。 Reply Jon-Luke Willemsen says: October 12, 2016 at 1:25 am Anyone complaining about Supergirl like that should also keep Superman in mind. It works both ways. Reply Everton Carter (@therealeverton) says: October 12, 2016 at 1:37 am Well her comments suggest that sh does have a problem with the gender title of ALL such things. However she has two other, bigger issues, with the “Girl” part of the title, hence that is what was focused on. Reply Everton Carter (@therealeverton) says: October 12, 2016 at 1:03 am That was actually an interesting read Reply IT--II--IT says: October 11, 2016 at 10:12 pm ‘MY — -‘EL’- – – E’ —————————– – – ‘PSY– ‘UR’ — US’ ——————————————— – — was an INTEL creation ——————————————————– – – for further PORNIFICATION —————————————- – – and RED CHINA handover ‘put away’. And ‘UR’ is the land of BABYLON. USURY – — ENSLAVEMENT – — EUGENICS and EXTERMINATION – – – BABYLON. SO- – – KEEP living by those talking images. KEEP joining with those ‘EYE CONs’. Those 100% INTEL RUN – – – ‘EYE CONs’. GOD UNDERSTANDS. Reply Holly Wood says: October 11, 2016 at 11:37 pm I don’t know what’s funnier – these loopy posts or “Comments are moderated.” Ok, ok. It’s the posts. Reply Lee Obrien says: October 11, 2016 at 6:02 pm ★★★… Most of us want to have good income but dont know how to do that on Internet there are a lot of methods to earn huge sum, but whenever Buddies try that they get trapped in a scam/fraud so I thought to share with you a genuine and guaranteed method for free to earn huge sum of money at home anyone of you interested should visit the page. I am more than sure that you will get best result. Best Of Luck for new Initiative! ••••••••••••► Spacial~Job AtHome. ✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔ ❥———————————————————-━━━❥ Reply Andrew Choo says: October 11, 2016 at 4:56 pm For all the people here praising Miley for her good works and her voice here in the interview: she called out Supergirl and how gender inequality is shown. First, Supergirl and Superwoman are two different characters, where Supergirl actually is a girl for crying out loud. Second, she’s the most ignorant imbecile to live. Third, just a few weeks ago, wasn’t Miley the one getting teenagers to grope her. WOW and people are calling her a good role model. Reply Everton Carter (@therealeverton) says: October 12, 2016 at 1:06 am Suprtgirl the TV show stars a woman, playing a woman. They did a whole scene about it and the reason they gave for her accepting the name Supergirl was weak and unconvincing. Reply Patricia Rathbun says: October 11, 2016 at 4:13 pm Wow, I love this interview, she is amazing. So much maturity for one so young. I also love how people are so awesome at judging her lol, it shows you are complete idiots. She has found herself even if it’s not a popular choice, she keeps her real self hidden and shows the one that brings the most attention so that she can then bring that attention to her cause. No one judging her knows about the little girl that she was with till she past away or her Grandma that she lost, the constant pull between worlds of the quiet Tennessee area to the loud bustling Hollywood. I am so happy that she is with Liam because he obviously understands her. Oh and she IS TALENTED, Billy Ray as much as I love his Achy Breaky Heart did not constitute her being born into the life. Reply Andrew Choo says: October 11, 2016 at 4:57 pm Yep. Amazing. HAHHAHAHAHAHA doesn’t even know the real Supergirl. Reply Everton Carter (@therealeverton) says: October 12, 2016 at 1:10 am Most people don’t know the comic book Supergirl. (There is m of course, no real Supergirl. You also seem to be, erroneously, stuck in the belief that the “Arrowverse” shows are in any way an exact replication of the comics, which have multiple realities anyway. miss teri says: October 11, 2016 at 3:41 pm We stopped watching The Voice since this Cyrus trash became a judge. This crazy, attention-seeking chick is out of touch w/ reality; is deluded and stupidly living in her own fantasy world. She’s showing her disgusting ignorance and immaturity when she speaks about politics like she has insight, knowledge, or influence. It’s called “Delusions of Grandeur” in Psychology. Cyrus promotes everything that goes AGAINST the stability of a healthy society, especially involving that of a healthy family unit. She strives to demonstrate being different (i.e. no decorum) by using the poor excuse of “being me/myself”. Her lavish use of the “F…king” word is deplorable! She’s going about her desire to be SOMEBODY in a disgusting, deplorable way…such a Misguided, Poor, Lost Soul! Reply Regina (@Regina33511) says: October 11, 2016 at 6:06 pm Thou hypocrite, first cast out the beam out of thine own eye; and then shalt thou see clearly to cast out the mote out of thy brother’s eye. Reply John says: October 11, 2016 at 2:31 pm I stopped watching the Voice as soon as Miley came on. I see a horribly damaged young woman who (I think) was likely molested as a child, and desperately needs counseling, not fame. Reply Regina (@Regina33511) says: October 11, 2016 at 6:11 pm It’s so incredibly damaging and irresponsible to state in a post on the internet that a young woman is “horribly damaged” and “likely molested as a child”. What do you know of her personal life? Were you a friend of the family that stood by and saw all this first hand? Of course, you are not. You need to sit down and tend to your own life and help those that need it in your own 20 mile radius. Stop being vicious. It’s gross. Reply Phydeaux says: October 11, 2016 at 2:00 pm Personally…I think Miley is a dope smoking, hard drinking slut who will sleep with anyone and probably anything. I don’t allow my children to watch her or purchase anything that is Miley. She is a disgrace. Reply J Rose says: October 11, 2016 at 1:40 pm And that’s why we don’t watch The Voice anymore. Reply Huntress says: October 11, 2016 at 9:39 pm I call her Smiley Virus.. have for years. I support her identity and orientation, but not her as person. She’s an idiot hick who has a big mouth and rode her daddy’s coat tails. Reply Sara says: October 11, 2016 at 1:23 pm I truly respect Miley, and the unadulterated honesty in what she says. I would love to read the unedited version of this interview. I bet its hilarious, heart warming, and most of all, very very real. She is doing everything in her power to use her celebrity for good. We need more positive celebrities. Reply Conservativewhitemale says: October 11, 2016 at 12:59 pm I used to think miley was nuts. Now the only nuts i see are people bashing her for her political views. Im sure she will be okay and isnt worried about your small minded view of the current times. Keep trying to force marraige down people’s throats.sickening. there are other points of view ya know Reply Jaysicaweb says: October 11, 2016 at 12:53 pm Start making more money weekly. This is a valuable part time work for everyone. The best part work from comfort of your house and get paid from $100-$2k each week.Start today and have your first cash at the end of this week. For more details Check this link……~ click this link your information,,,~ —–> Read More Detail… Reply byoungda says: October 11, 2016 at 12:50 pm Miley, you can have any opinion you want about anything. I will not HATE you if we disagree. I no longer watch The Voice since you are a judge. That is my option. It’s not about your choices it’s about the comment you made regarding leaving this great country. I haven’t always liked a particular president throughout the years but have never considered moving from this great country. Are you even aware that men and women died to give you the freedom to speak your mind? How sad Reply A Conservative says: October 11, 2016 at 12:49 pm Just as I thought, She is a complete idiot. Reply Jaysicaweb says: October 11, 2016 at 12:39 pm Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 52512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash. Visit this link….” —–> Read More Detail… Reply Nisa Deeves says: October 11, 2016 at 12:36 pm I adore Miley. I worried for her when she was young and struggling to find her own identity (which so many celebrities go through when they get into the business at such a young age). So happy to see the bright, caring young woman she has evolved to become. Not many of her elders are so self-aware! Reply lisaryan63 says: October 11, 2016 at 12:36 pm PLEASE stop promoting Miley she is just a chick that was born into fame. Reply Regina (@Regina33511) says: October 11, 2016 at 6:25 pm If you really think that Miley has no talent on here own, I would invite you to go to Youtube and watch the video of her singing Dolly Parton’s “Jolene”. It’s her Godmother’s song and she did it such justice. She’s an amazingly talented singer. She just distracted people like you from her real talent when she went all teddy bear twerker. Try to forget her teenage mistakes and watch her grow. Wouldn’t you give your own kids a chance? She is only in her only 20’s and she is already amazing in how much she genuinely cares for other people, you can hear that in her interviews. She did some polarizing junk that I hope she regrets, but I doubt she does. She is so young. Give her a chance to grow into her amazing sense of empathy and you are going to see an amazing woman in the future. I’d put money on it. #MILEY Reply Xarias (@Xarias) says: October 12, 2016 at 12:19 pm Thank you but no. Jaysicaweb says: October 11, 2016 at 12:34 pm Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 52512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash. Visit this link…. —–> Read More Detail… Reply 1favored says: October 11, 2016 at 12:13 pm Miley is on my “TOP 10 FAVS” when it comes to young celebrities, She works hard and is really talented. Even if she decided never to act or perform again, she can write music. At 23, she has lifelong options that won’t fade with age. Reply Bobby says: October 11, 2016 at 12:05 pm I stopped watching the Voice when she became a judge. Not a good role model. Reply Tibber says: October 11, 2016 at 11:40 am Miley Cyrus is the worst example of a mentor for young people and The Voice was negligent in choosing her to be a judge. I won’t watch The Voice again until she is gone, no matter how many media places she gets to plead her cause and make her look anything other than the total skank she is. She made her bed … now she should be held accountable for her poor decisions in life. Reply Dagmar Wirz says: October 11, 2016 at 11:40 am Miley is a young woman that needs help for her mind & it is so sad that she started as a Disney girl but of course this isn’t even the Disney I knew & had my 2 daughters watch . This is how far our country has going down with our values & as a mother I have talked to my daughters many times if they were slipping into crazy stuff lie Miley does. Iike the show “The Voice” but disappointed that they put Miley on there & I’m not sure how long I will be watching it! Reply Timothy Joseph Guilbeau says: October 11, 2016 at 11:27 am Miley Cyrus is an idiot that was born into the fame. LOL She has the right to speak her mind. But she isn’t correct at all. She need to do research before opening her mouth of hers. Reply Rose says: October 11, 2016 at 10:39 am not gonna lie, i agree with the trump miley fans. i have supported the cyrus family for a long time but whats the point if miley would hate me because i support trump. idk if thats what shes implying but the she hates trump so much for what? clinton has done far worse than just saying stuff. do you not read the leaked emails? do you not know shes done nothing her political career? do you not know she changes her views to get votes? she is not only a liar and manipulator but her actions are far worse than trump saying mean things. idk. ill have to think long and hard to decide if i want to stay a miley fan. i know people im her fam support trump so idk if she hates fans who support him bc she doesnt hate her family. but just my opinion… i do see the judgment comments tho, it does seem hypocritical. maybe ill support miley only music wise and stop running a fan page and collecting shit about her. Reply Ted E. Dendinger says: October 11, 2016 at 10:16 am She is a disgusting trashy slut whore, wagging her tongue around like a dog licking his balls. Reply Tess Clave says: October 11, 2016 at 10:57 am Common Who is a lier, It’s Donald Trump Reply Dennis Brian says: October 11, 2016 at 10:24 am You sound like Donald Trump Reply Nobody important says: October 11, 2016 at 9:55 am I have supported Miley since Hannah and today I am deleting my fan pages for her. I waisted so much time and enerygy to support her. I have known she didn’t support DT but I was ok with that. People have opinions. The comment that made me delete was “who do you think my friends are”. Well Miley, you wouldnt like me bc I support DT? That hurt and I cried no joke. From 2006-2016 and now it ends bc someone I thought was the least to judge, whose accepting of everyone, judged me and not only me but MANY fans of you and Trump. Someone else already commented on it below. Yes I know we have political opinions. I was fine with you hating trump and calling him names but now it feels like you are not only attacking Trump but also his supporters. I hope you research Clintons past the way you seem to want to Trump. Miley was the only one to keep me going through my tough years and now I am regretting everyone. What we see is not who we think we know. So because of this, I am leaving the fandom. I have spent a total $500 for the HH foundation plus had my friends donate. I feel like I have waisted so much of my life. Thank you, Miley. For showing me what you think about me. Reply Someone else not important says: October 11, 2016 at 10:23 am How could Miley ever support Donald Trump who is clearly a misogynist and does not represent anything that she believes in? What is it about Trump that makes you support him? Last week, he bragged to Billy Bush about grabbing women by the p—- which is sexual assault. He does not represent her values, and he certainly does not represent mine. This is just one example of the terrible things that Trump has said. You don’t have to agree with someone’s political beliefs, and I’m not asking with you to agree with mine. What I’m asking you here is to understand that there is another perspective. There are people who think that what Trump says is wrong and offensive. It’s really hard for people who oppose Trump to tell this to people without being yelled at. I haven’t even been able to hold a nice conversation about my political beliefs without being attacked by a Trump supporter irl. I think Miley feels the same way. Reply Missteri Ous says: October 11, 2016 at 2:55 pm You are SO UNINFORMED!!…You need to do your research. World-power hungry HC/BC has done far worse things & they’ll continue to do so for as long as they’re in power, to the destruction of the United States of America. They are Globalists (look it up). Their hearts are NOT in the right place…liars, corrupt, crooked, no conscience, soul-less…..definitely NOT working for us, but for their own rise to world power & wealth…..they will stop at NOTHING to attain this. Mr.Trump (like many guys), especially those who are highly successful have large EGOS…big deal….been around men long enough to know that they talk & brag about their prowess or skills with women and other things. Mr. Trump can talk too. .this is NOT damaging to our country. Compare this to the American soldiers who lost their lives in BenGhazi because HC didn’t respond to their plea for help & support; HC’s 33,000 deleted emails, the bleaching cover-up, knowingly communicating on a non-secure personal blackberry even after warned by the State Dept. not to do so, and so much more very grievous acts detrimental to our National Security & our well-being. So think about it….What is destructive to this country, to us, are the decisions that HC has made and will be making if she becomes president. Very, very scary! RR says: October 11, 2016 at 10:34 am Uhm Clinton has done way worse than saying pussy lmao😂 Research! How about going a decade back for Clinton like Trumo. Bet you wont think Trump is so bad then;) Kim says: October 11, 2016 at 10:17 am Voting for that waste of human garbage… You disgust me. Hillary might be a power hungry liar, but she’s more of a human being than that piece of dog feces with the name Donald Trump. Reply Johnny bravo says: October 11, 2016 at 3:01 pm Your a idiot. You hate America. And you must be a scumbag TRUMP will win HAHAHA NJ says: October 11, 2016 at 10:32 am Oh so blaiming rape victims is worse than pussy? Letting soliders die is worse than pussy? Calling her own voters dumb is worse than pussy? Calling people n**** is worse than pussy? Mhmm bye felicia Marah Holcombe says: October 11, 2016 at 10:10 am Waste some time learning to spell. It’s easy to see how you buy DT’s BS. Reply Nobody important says: October 11, 2016 at 10:15 am I know how to spell Donald Trump. It’s called abbriviations like how you used BS🙄. I don’t buy into him I do my research and have watched the debates. Clinton emails leaked today where she called people the N word, doesnt like everyday american people, called voters dumb, and a lot more. Sorry my research Trumps your ignorance. I always support both at first and then do research. ANYONE who supports clinton is sadly missinformed and another person who Clinton calls dumb. Robbie says: October 11, 2016 at 9:49 am Pansexual = attention whore. Reply Sad says: October 11, 2016 at 9:17 am In reference to her quote on “Inequality”…..This women or pansexual as she calls herself, is a spokes person for a cause. But she just called out girls. As if that’s a bad thing to be a girl. Why is it all about the less than 1% of the population and how they feel about themselves but the rest of the world has to be androgynous. Why? What’s wrong with being a girl and super? A boy who wants to be a girl can be super too. So do two shows. I don’t understand women like her that think she knows better for everyone else. That’s what scares me about Hollywood. They always think they’re better than everyone else. Talk about too much power. And the fact that having a female president is going to help “inequality” is like saying when Obama became president Black people got more. I think it’s great she speaks out but doesn’t mean she’s right or better. Just her opinion. And everyone has one. Reply Chris Speevak says: October 11, 2016 at 9:12 am I am a Miley fan and Trump supporter. I hate when she talks crap about him with news articles that are missleading. Yet, she supports Killton who wants to start a new war, who killed our soliders, silenced vicimts of rape by her husband, told a 12 year rape victim it was her fault, and laughed about it after court(when she was no longer just a “defender”, new emails leaked of her being anti gay as little as a year ago (Trump said in the 90s he supports gays), she said the word”n*****” and a lot more. Why does Miley never speak about that? Why does she hate someone more whose only things he done is not always think before he speaks. Actions do speak louder than words. I am a gay fan that Miley helped a lot but if I met her in my Trump gear, I fear she would hate me. She is so judgeless yet judges someone so harshly, she is ignoring whats in front of her! This is only politics so I do love her very much so. I only wish she could read my comment one day… Reply Jacolyn says: October 11, 2016 at 10:01 am I feel the same way.. Reply mstuart1 says: October 11, 2016 at 9:31 am I only wish you wouldn’t feel the need to lie so much. For starters, you’re not gay. You’re trying to sell this notion that Miley has millenial gayboy fans who are chomping at the bit to vote for Trump— please stop with that nonsense. Secondly, all that cut-n-paste from Breitbart is so tiresome to read. Open your eyes, go outside and breathe in some fresh air. It will do you a world of good. Reply pickles says: October 11, 2016 at 8:15 am She says I never judge anyone until I get to know them ,yet she bashed Trump multiple times . Reply Everton Carter (@therealeverton) says: October 12, 2016 at 1:32 am It’s the opposite in fact. She is talking about not judging a person based on what other people have said about them, especially when they deny that is who they are. Trump states very clearly who and what he is. He states very clearly what he would like to do and there’ reams of factual evidence to show what he has said and done in the past. Assuming you don’t like hamburgers because someone said you won’t VS knowing you don’t like them because you’ve tried Macdonalds, ~Burger King, Wendy’s, Frozen ~Burgers, home made, BBQ, oven cooked, grilled and Microwave and not liked them. Not the same thing at all. Reply Wendy Cooley says: October 11, 2016 at 8:11 am Why are you judging her when she is being honest? And who are you to judge Woody Allen. You read something and believe it is fact. Guess what, you are so wrong about both people. Reply wishinwell says: October 11, 2016 at 7:58 am Someone should of edited her interview, she threw so many F-Bombs it was like navigating thru landmines,simple english without profanities will do and now works with Woody Allen and pan whatever- girl still sounds nutty. Reply Dennis Brian says: October 11, 2016 at 8:41 am Says the woman who compares profanity to land mines Reply Rex says: October 11, 2016 at 7:39 am I’m sorry, did she say something? Reply IT--II--IT says: October 11, 2016 at 7:04 am ‘ UR ‘ is the land of BABYLON Reply IT--II--IT says: October 11, 2016 at 7:03 am ‘ MY- — EL – — LEE’ —————– – – – ‘PSY – — “UR’ – — US’ ————————————- – – is 100% INTEL conjured, directed, scripted and RUN. You know, for debasement as RED CHINA TREASON moves into the ‘wrap up’ phase. Reply Holly Wood says: October 11, 2016 at 10:17 am If that’s a joke it’s pretty funny. If that’s not a joke it’s really funny. Reply ha1ry says: October 11, 2016 at 6:55 am she talks like a trucker… Reply Dennis Brian says: October 11, 2016 at 7:25 am My father was a trucker and I grew up around a number of truckers. Never heard mention of pan sexuality. Never even met one who was a Woody Allen fan Reply See All 78 Comments More Music News from Variety The Power of Content Bon Jovi se ubica en el primer lugar de la lista Billboard 200 Donald Trump "Fine" With Same Sex Marriage, Vague On Roe V. Wade… Demi Lovato and Boyfriend Luke Rockhold, Madonna, Zac Efron Were… Once Upon a Time Recap: Pain in the Glass — Plus, Did Rumple Go… Watch Dave Chappelle's hilarious SNL opening monologue tackle… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2016 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor Post-Election to Ignite These Stocks Higher Home | Companies Tags: walmart | amazon | online | online Wal-Mart Makes Risky Bet It Can Loosen Amazon's Grip Online Tuesday, 11 Oct 2016 07:55 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s increasing reliance on e-commerce to fuel sales comes at a time when Amazon.com Inc. is tightening its grip on the American consumer, making it a risky gambit. Wal-Mart recently told investors it would pull back on the number of new stores it was opening and instead invest some of that money into online operations. It’s a key milestone: For the first time, the company expects e-commerce gains to contribute more toward its growth than expanding its brick-and-mortar footprint. Analysts and investors are skeptical that Wal-Mart can pull it off. Consumers are rapidly getting ingrained in the habit of turning to Amazon for everything from toilet paper to a new dress. Among U.S. online consumers, 55 percent say they go to Amazon first when searching for a product and about half of American households have a $99-a-year Amazon Prime membership. U.S. shoppers spend 30 percent of their time online at Amazon.com’s website, compared with 3 percent on Walmart.com. “I get that you have to be in e-commerce, but you are chasing the 800-pound gorilla,” said Brian Yarbrough, an analyst with Edward Jones & Co. “You aren’t going to out-Amazon Amazon.” Cannibalizing Stores? Yarbrough worries that Wal-Mart’s growth online will mostly be coming from its existing customers -- and as a result will cannibalize its stores, which are more profitable and where customers are more likely to make an impulse buy. At the same time, Amazon has been increasing its reach into Wal-Mart’s customer base. Forty-two percent of Amazon Prime members are also Wal-Mart shoppers, compared with just 20 percent in 2013, said John Blackledge, an analyst at Cowen & Co. And there are no signs Amazon is slowing down. It is set to add 12 million Prime members this year, on top of the 10 million it added in 2015, Blackledge estimates. With at least 17 times as many items for sale as Walmart.com, Amazon is increasingly expanding its reach into areas once dominated by traditional retailers. This year, Amazon is set to sell more apparel than Wal-Mart, and by 2018 it will be the second-largest seller of consumables, such as cleaning suppliers, paper towels and diapers, Blackledge said.  Speedy Delivery Then there is Amazon’s ever-increasing delivery speed. While Wal-Mart is in the early stages of offering a membership program where customers can get free two-day shipping -- rather than waiting the standard five to seven days -- Amazon is offering free same-day delivery in 27 major cities. In some markets, the e-commerce company delivers millions of products within an hour. “To compete, Wal-Mart would have to replicate the value proposition of Prime,” Blackledge said. “If they could do that at scale, then they would have something, but Amazon has been singularly focused at this for 20 years.” None of that should be news to Wal-Mart Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon. He knows the company has a lofty goal in front of it, but since paying about $3.3 billion for e-commerce startup Jet.com, McMillon seemed to have a bit more spring in his step when talking to investors about the company’s online strategy. Pieces in Place “A lot of the foundational elements that we’ve been telling you for years that we needed to grow the e-commerce business are now in place,” McMillon said. “It’s time to invest more money. It’s time to really get this going and start growing our e-commerce business in a different way.” That new way will be led by tech-industry darling Marc Lore, who founded Jet.com and joined Wal-Mart following the acquisition. McMillon sees him as key to the company’s future. The CEO half-jokingly recalled walking down the street with Lore and instinctively stepping out in front of an oncoming car to protect him. “If Marc can be Marc within this company, great things are going to happen,” McMillon said. Wal-Mart expects online sales to grow 20 percent to 30 percent over the next three years with the addition of Jet. That would be a major acceleration: Online sales grew 7 percent in the first quarter and 12 percent in the second. But even 20 percent growth on a base of about $13 billion does little to move the needle at a company with nearly $500 billion in annual revenue. Costly Effort In the meantime, the investments are taking a toll on Wal-Mart’s bottom line. The company said profit would be flat next year in part because of the heavy spending online. Wal-Mart shares fell 3.2 percent Thursday when the retailer’s executives made their case to investors, and the stock was down an additional 1.2 percent on Friday. The question is whether Wal-Mart can change the shopping behavior of the tens of millions of Americans already entrenched in Amazon. Is Wal-Mart the retail equivalent of Microsoft Corp.’s Bing, which tried and failed to convince Americans to break their habit of going to Google? Or can Wal-Mart -- with Jet.com -- be a disruptive force in the industry? “If someone is locked into Prime, the chance of you bringing their business over is slim,” Yarbrough said. Store Pickup Wal-Mart’s main selling point has been its physical stores, which let shoppers buy items online and pick them up on the premises. That includes having employees deliver groceries to customers’ cars in the parking lot. Wal-Mart has expanded its grocery pickup service from five test markets a year ago to more than 100 markets now. The service has the potential to drive regular traffic to Wal-Mart’s website, where customers may think to pick up extra nongrocery items. Jet.com may help give it an advantage on price. The startup has developed a system where customers pay less if they are ordering items from the same location or if they opt out of services, like the option to return the item. Lore also said using store pickup and sending items from the store could help cut shipping costs. But adapting to the internet isn’t really a choice -- it’s an imperative. And that’s something Wal-Mart founder Sam Walton would recognize, McMillon said on Thursday. “The Internet and technology are changing the world, they are changing industries, and they’re changing retail,” he said. “Sometimes people ask me what would Sam think about what Wal-Mart is going today, and I don’t know. But the one thing I know for sure is we would be changing and we’d be changing quickly.”   © Copyright 2016 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Companies Wal-Mart Stores Inc.'s increasing reliance on e-commerce to fuel sales comes at a time when Amazon.com Inc. is tightening its grip on the American consumer, making it a risky gambit. walmart, amazon, online, online 1059 Tuesday, 11 Oct 2016 07:55 AM 2016-55-11 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented CNBC: Wall Street Caught Without Trump Plan; Traders Buy Gold, See 10 S&P 500 Decline Wednesday, 09 Nov 2016 | 35 comments "Praise God from whom all blessings flow. Praise him all creatures here... Steve Forbes: 7 Ways to Replace Obamacare With Better, Affordable Insurance Thursday, 10 Nov 2016 | 24 comments 1. Hospitals must provide one price for any procedure, which applies... US Chief Executives Write Open Letter to Trump Seeking Reassurances Wednesday, 09 Nov 2016 | 19 comments After placing all of their bets on Hillary and losing, they now have the... UAW Says Will Work with Trump on NAFTA Reform Friday, 11 Nov 2016 | 19 comments The union opposed Trump's candidacy, but said his "position on trade is... Wilbur Ross: Hillary Presidency Means '3rd Term of Obama,' Recession Within 2 Years Tuesday, 08 Nov 2016 | 16 comments This country is already in a recession. But things will only get worse... To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Home Search Skip to content Skip to navigation View mobile version The New York Times DealBook|Were He Seeking Any Other Job, Trump Would Be Flagged by H.R. Search Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go http://nyti.ms/2dQ9rPA Loading... See next articles See previous articles Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Advertisement Supported by Were He Seeking Any Other Job, Trump Would Be Flagged by H.R. Andrew Ross Sorkin DEALBOOK OCT. 10, 2016 Continue reading the main story Share This Page Continue reading the main story Photo Donald Trump during the second presidential debate at Washington University in St. Louis on Sunday. Credit Doug Mills/The New York Times Donald Trump describes himself as a businessman. And he says he wants to run the government more like a business. But would any business hire Mr. Trump? It isn’t a trivial question. Given the Republican presidential nominee’s vulgar boasts about sexually assaulting women and trying to coerce a woman to commit adultery with him — among other things — it is hard to believe he could get past the human resources department of a Fortune 500 company. Over the last decade, much of corporate America has put in place strict policies to deal with sexual harassment and other offensive behavior, trying to make amends for an abhorrent history of letting such conduct go unchecked (remember “Mad Men”?). Hiring procedures at large companies, particularly for senior positions, include extensive background checks, which typically include interviewing former colleagues and combing through articles, court records and, yes, social media. Thousands of employees have been fired or pushed out for using far less repugnant language than Mr. Trump’s words about how he gropes women. Walmart, the nation’s largest employer, with some 2.2 million employees, has explicit policies, for example, that prohibit “sexually explicit language, off-color jokes, remarks about a person’s body” as well as “using slurs or negative stereotyping,” “verbal kidding, teasing or joking” and “intimidating acts, such as bullying or threatening.” By those definitions, it is not clear if Mr. Trump would qualify to be hired as a janitor, let alone a senior executive. A spokesman for Walmart, asked whether Mr. Trump’s comments would disqualify him from employment there, said: “We’ve got a policy of not entertaining hypotheticals.” Mr. Trump has apologized for his language, which he described as “locker room talk.” But he used the language while on the job; he was recorded on a live microphone while working to promote “The Apprentice,” his popular reality show. Sign Up for the DealBook Newsletter Every weekday, twice a day, get the news driving the markets and the latest on mergers and acquisitions. Sign-up for free NYT Newsletters Morning BriefingSubscribed News to start your day, weekdays Opinion TodaySubscribed Thought-provoking commentary, weekdays CookingSubscribed Delicious recipes and more, 5 times a week Race/RelatedSubscribed A provocative exploration of race, biweekly Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters. See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy Many actors’ and “talent” agreements include a “morality clause” that explicitly makes using such language a fireable offense. Here’s the standard, boilerplate language that’s often included in such agreements, according to a sample published by Eric Goldman, a professor at Santa Clara University School of Law: “The actor shall not commit any act or do anything which might tend to bring actor into public disrepute, contempt, scandal or ridicule, or which might tend to reflect unfavorably on the network, any sponsor of a program, any such sponsor’s advertising agency, any stations broadcasting or scheduled to broadcast a program, or any licensee of the network.” By that definition, an employer might be able to use Mr. Trump’s catchphrase: “You’re fired.” Advertisement Continue reading the main story Something just short of that happened to Billy Bush, the host who played along with Mr. Trump on the 2005 recording. NBC announced his suspension from the “Today” show after the clip surfaced nationally last week. (I should note here that I co-anchor “Squawk Box” on CNBC, which is another unit of NBCUniversal.) Jack Welch, the former chief executive of General Electric, which owned NBC when Mr. Trump started “The Apprentice,” was an impassioned supporter of Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign before the lewd comments were made public. Afterward, he took to Twitter to say, “Party must change nominee now.” Like Republican message on Economy, Security and Supreme Court...Unfortunately, wrong messenger...Party must change nominee now. — Jack Welch (@jack_welch) Oct. 8, 2016 Mr. Trump says the country has become “too politically correct.” His surrogates, like Rudy Giuliani, have defended him by saying he shouldn’t be held accountable because he wasn’t running for president when he made those statements over a decade ago. But times have changed. The days of corporate America and Wall Street as swashbuckling, cigar-chomping, liquor-swilling — and female harassing — playgrounds à la the 1980s and ’90s are long over. Susan Antilla wrote a book, “Tales From the Boom-Boom Room: Women vs. Wall Street,” that chronicled a pattern of horrific behavior at Smith Barney. The tale ended with $150 million in awards and settlements. Mr. Trump’s casual line on the 2005 tape — “When you’re a star, they let you do it, you can do anything” — reminded me of a passage from an interview Mrs. Antilla conducted earlier this year for The Times, in which she quoted Lisa Mays, a Smith Barney executive involved in the suit, about how she had been cornered by a male co-worker. “Before I knew it, he was lifting my skirt to get into my tights, and I was begging him to stop,” Ms. Mays said, adding that it had quickly ended when another employee arrived. “And then, he just walked away like nothing happened.” Mr. Trump says his words were just words, and that he has never assaulted any women. Still, that’s not the standard to qualify for a job — either in the private sector, or as the highest official in the land. “It would be a significant risk for a Fortune 500 company to bring in someone like this,” said Tom Spiggle, a former prosecutor who is now a discrimination lawyer who has sounded the alarm about Mr. Trump on social media. “It could be a tremendous liability,” he added. Lawyers say that hiring Mr. Trump now could pose huge problems for a company because if an employee were to ever accuse him of harassment, his earlier comments could be used not only to show a pattern, but also that the company was aware of the issue when it signed him on. “We have these statements,” Mr. Spiggle said, adding that if he were litigating such a case, “We’d use them all day long. It doesn’t matter it was 11 years ago.” A version of this article appears in print on October 11, 2016, on page B1 of the New York edition with the headline: Were It Any Other Job, H.R. Would Flag Trump. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe Continue reading the main story We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think. Related Coverage For Many Women, Trump’s ‘Locker Room Talk’ Brings Memories of Abuse OCT. 10, 2016 DealBook What Happens to the Markets if Donald Trump Wins? OCT 31 Making Sense of AT&T’s Bid for Time Warner OCT 23 Could a President Clinton Be Tough on Wall St.? Her Staff’s Emails Hint Yes OCT 17 When It Comes to Tax Avoidance, Donald Trump’s Just a Small Fry OCT 4 Trump’s a Businessman. Where’s His Business Backing? SEP 26 See More » Related Coverage For Many Women, Trump’s ‘Locker Room Talk’ Brings Memories of Abuse OCT. 10, 2016 What's Next Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2016 The New York Times Company Home Search Accessibility concerns? Email us at accessibility@nytimes.com. We would love to hear from you. Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions
7.36 AM Monday, 14 November 2016 Home News Emirates Government Region World Law & Order Local Region World Entertainment Films and Music Celebrity Gossip Events Lifestyle Health Shopping Food Fashion Offbeat This is life Crazy World Business Economy and Finance Corporate Technology Energy Property Real Estate Rentals Sports Local Cricket FootBall Other Olympics Classifieds Videos Pictures Bollywood Jobs Prayer Time Home Law & Order World Advanced Breast cancer patient mistaken for fugitive By AP Published Tuesday, October 11, 2016 Breast cancer patient, Erin Peters (L), 35, said she was mistaken for Missouri teenager, Whitley Evenson (R), 18. A 35-year-old breast cancer patient says she felt humiliated when she was handcuffed and questioned after being mistaken for a Missouri teen wanted in her infant daughter’s death. Erin Peters said she was stopped Friday at an Idaho Walmart and questioned for 45 minutes after being mistaken for 18-year-old Whitley Evenson, of Independence, Missouri, who is charged with killing her six-week-old baby in September 2015, The Coeur d’Alene Press newspaper reported. “I felt humiliated in front of Walmart, crying,” Peters said. Peters said members of the North Idaho Violent Crimes Task Force believed she was the Missouri fugitive because her hair is very short. She says she shaved her hair because of cancer treatments. She said the task force members went through her purse, her phone and her Facebook account. She said they “ransacked everything.” “The way they went about this was so wrong,” Peters said. FBI spokesman Richard Collodi said he regrets that Peters was inconvenienced but the task force had to be sure. He said suspects often come up with creative excuses to avoid arrest. “I’m confident she was treated professionally,” Collodi said. The task force had information Evenson would be at that Walmart, Collodi said, Evenson was arrested later on Friday at the store. She was booked into Kootenai County jail until she can be extradited back to Jackson County, Missouri, where she is charged with second-degree murder. Prosecutors accused Evenson of suffocating the infant. She was out on bond when she failed to appear for a court hearing in July. Share with a friend or colleague Your e-mail address: Recipient's e-mail address: Message Related Articles Driver crashes into grocery; hits gas line Hero teenager girl killed in shooting incident Aussie helped Gaddafi's son flee Dad places ad for wife for his son, 48 Dad makes his daughter marry her rapist Most Popular Read Iranian man sets Filipino woman on fire RTA, Dubai Properties team up to operate smart vehicle in Business Bay Rob Kardashian shares new pictures of Kim Facebook competition for free first class tickets is a hoax: Emirates Abhishek breaks silence on divorce claims with Aishwarya Rai Videos Hero mom shields her two-year-old son while two dogs attack Shocking surveillance video captured a mother shielding her 2-year-old son’s body from two large dogs attacking them Toddler miraculously survives huge glass door landing on her The shocking incident took place at a shopping mall in Foshan, south China. The three-year-old girl was following her 2 stuntmen drown after jumping into lake for Indian movie Two stunt performers have drowned after they jumped from a helicopter into a lake in southern India while shooting a Giant sinkhole swallows large section of Japanese street A giant sinkhole appeared in the middle of a busy Japanese city on Tuesday, swallowing part of a five-lane street near See more videos News In Images Sylvester Stallone's three daughters named Miss Golden Globes 2017 KUWTK: Kim Kardashian West's new security team Brad Pitt hits red carpet with pregnant Marion Cotillard Bollywood buzz: 25 Years of Shah Rukh Khan in One Book Follow Emirates 24|7 RTA, Dubai Properties team up to operate smart vehicle in Business Bay The Roads and Transport Authority (RTA), in collaboration with Dubai Properties, has recently started the trial Dubai Customs carries out over 3,000 seizures in first nine months of 2016 Dubai Customs has made 3,094 seizures since the beginning of this year up to the end of September across all land, sea One person shot during anti-Trump protest in Portland As protests of President-elect Donald Trump entered another day, police in Portland, Oregon, say one person was shot by Back to top News Emirates Government Region World Law & Order Local Region World Entertainment Films and Music Celebrity Gossip Events Lifestyle Health Shopping Food Fashion Offbeat This is life Crazy World Business Economy and Finance Corporate Technology Energy Property Real Estate Rentals Sports Local Cricket FootBall Other Olympics Editorial Policy Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms & Conditions Apps Advertise With Us Our services Copyright © 2016. Dubai Media Incorporated. All rights reserved. Tweet
null
language:English Thursday, October 24, 2013 Language Language www english german italy portuguese french russian espanol malay vietnamese laos cambodian thai indonesian filipino myanmar japanese korean mongol nepal hindi bengali turkish persian arabic Open search News Video Travel Photos Learn Chinese City Guide Free Mail Fun and fear on Taobao odyssey Updated 2016-10-11 13:32:26 China Daily I am a self-professed shopaholic and traveler. While working in Japan for many years, I crossed the Japan Sea to visit China's most popular tourist attractions, which included the Great Wall outside Beijing, the West Lake in Hangzhou, the Li River in Guangxi province and the Bund in Shanghai. These tours are what the Japanese describe as 'pack tours': whirlwind 3 or 4 day trips where you see the best of China including outlet shopping to boot. Unlike many tourists who hate to be taken on forced shopping sprees, I love them. Once in Shanghai, I spent so much time and money in a silk outlet shop that the tour bus left without me! I vowed someday to work in China so I could see and shop more. My chance came in late 2012. One of my friends had mistakenly sent me a job advertisement to work at a small university in Loudi City, central Hunan. I inquired and was almost instantly granted the job. Although my adventurous spirit wanted to see a part of China that perhaps no Australian had traversed before, I hesitated to accept. My fears were allayed when my future boss assured me there was a 'Walmart' in the town where you could buy everything you could ever want! My mother and I jumped with glee: I could buy anything I needed at a fraction of the price I'd pay in Australia. On my first visit to the rather grubby Walmart in my new town, I knew I had been seriously misled. It wasn't the shopping mecca I'd been promised! Prices for clothes, stationary and home-wares were more expensive than what I would have paid in Japan or Australia. Selection was also lacking. How is it that China, the source of the world's merchandise, had less on offer at a higher price? I was terribly disappointed! Shops around the university were worse: only basic everyday items for university students. After spending almost two years relying on trips back to Australia to get my most needed items and clothing in my size, a small miracle happened. A Russian teacher, by the name of Sergei, arrived at my university and moved into the apartment next door. Russians, like Europeans and Asians, have an eye for beauty and a bargain. Although he couldn't read Chinese, he'd somehow made a search on Taobao, the biggest online shopping site in China, and asked his students to help buy things for him. I followed suit, and soon I was whiling away the hours searching for stuff online like any Chinese. My apartment started to fill up, yuan flowed out of my bank, but the years of deprivation were over! Don't think for one minute that I am blind to the foibles of Taobao. I have received the wrong item, size or color. I have also received copied goods, which is of no surprise as it is estimated that 40% of products on Taobao are fakes. On the other hand, I've found some cheap, useful household goods and the clothes are better quality and don't fadeif I pay more than 200 yuan per item. Taobao or 淘宝 is exactly as its name implies, 'a search for treasure'. Sometimes you find gemstones and at other times rocks. Still, it is preferable to brick and mortar shops in China these days, which mostly disappoint Chinese and foreign tourists alike with their lack of variety and higher prices. To get more for my yuan and to quell my shopping cravings, I'll stick with Taobao for the moment. By Lisa Ward Also in the News Showbiz2016/06/16 13:58November 14 2016 11:41:09 Nicole Kidman Recalls Oscar Glory: Loneliest Time Attending Shanghai International Film Festival, Nicole Kidman talks about her role in "Grace of Monaco". Also in the News2014/05/01 12:16November 14 2016 11:41:09 Labor Day Travel Peak Starts Also in the News2014/04/18 13:18November 14 2016 11:41:09 Johnny Depp Delivers a Speech 'Evolve the Future' in 'Transcendence' Hollywood star Johnny Depp's speech in the upcoming new film "Transcendence" has been disclosed on Friday, April 11th. Most Viewed Audio Reports Immersion Corporation Partner with Letv to Produce 4D Phones China's Import Tax Cut to Reduce Revenue and Bolster Consumption Short Selling of Stocks Opens to overseas Investors Sydney Celebrates Chinese New Year with Terracotta Warrior Lanterns Engine of Crashed Plane Lost Power before Accident Most Watched Specials Beijing Sets Up 1st Emergency Relief Unit for Blind Shanghai Sets up First Police Emergency Unit Jiangxi's "No.1 Bee Man" Breaks Guinness World Record A Day of a Tian'anmen Square Patrolman during Lianghui News: China World Business Sports Showbiz Audio Video: C4 My Chinese Life The Sound Stage China Revealed Showbiz Video Travel Video Photos: China World Fun Travel Entertainment Sports Travel: Beijing Shanghai Guangzhou Lifestyle: Live Music Opera & Classical Movies Traditional Shows Exhibitions Learn Chinese: Chinese Studio Living Chinese Everyday Chinese Just For Fun Chinese Culture Buzzwords About China.com|About GMG|Ad Services|Contact Information|Copyright Notice Copyright © China.com All Rights Reserved
null
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us News Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional Pennsylvania Business Headlines Briefs Real Estate Columnists Investigative Pittsburgh ICA Justice for Some American Coyotes Cyber Rattling Homegrown Terror Donor Dilemma Rules of Engagement News Blogs U.S./World Nation World Health Now Education Politics Elections 2016 Our Stories Sports Local Pro Teams Steelers/NFL Penguins/NHL Pirates/MLB Riverhounds Local High Schools Colleges Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges More in Sports Columnists Blogs SportsTalk Photo Galleries Videos Auto Racing Outdoors Pro Wrestling U.S./World Golf Local Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Carlynton Cranberry Fox Chapel Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Opinion Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter Living Arts & Entertainment Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Events Lifestyles Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness Fashion History Travel Columnists More Lifestyles Multimedia Photography Sports Galleries Video Radio & Podcasts Sports Talk Obituaries News Nation Print Cancer patient says she was mistaken for Missouri fugitive By The Associated Press | Monday, Oct. 10, 2016, 10:42 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. POST FALLS, Idaho — A 35-year-old breast cancer patient says she felt humiliated when she was handcuffed and questioned after being mistaken for a Missouri teen wanted in her infant daughter's death. Erin Peters said she was stopped Friday at an Idaho Walmart and questioned for 45 minutes after being mistaken for 18-year-old Whitley Evenson, of Independence, Mo., who is charged with killing her six-week-old baby in September 2015, The Coeur d'Alene Press newspaper reported. “I felt humiliated in front of Wal-Mart, crying,” Peters said. Peters said members of the North Idaho Violent Crimes Task Force believed she was the Missouri fugitive because her hair is very short. She says she shaved her hair because of cancer treatments. She said the task force members went through her purse, her phone and her Facebook account. She said they “ransacked everything.” “The way they went about this was so wrong,” Peters said. FBI spokesman Richard Collodi said he regrets that Peters was inconvenienced but the task force had to be sure. He said suspects often come up with creative excuses to avoid arrest. “I'm confident she was treated professionally,” Collodi said. The task force had information Evenson would be at that Wal-Mart, Collodi said, Evenson was arrested later on Friday at the store. She was booked into Kootenai County jail until she can be extradited back to Jackson County, Mo., where she is charged with second-degree murder. Prosecutors accused Evenson of suffocating the infant. She was out on bond when she failed to appear for a court hearing in July. More Nation Oregon is epicenter as Trump protests surge across nation At $800K a pop, ammo for destroyer too expensive for Navy Protests continue across United States Deputy responding to call about suspicious person killed McClendon estate rejects $500,000 claim, alleges forgery Subscribe today! Click here for our subscription offers.   Do you want to help us improve our commenting platform? Click here to take a survey.   Show commenting policy TribLive commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments â either by the same reader or different readers. We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Late Cowboys TD sends Steelers to 4th consecutive loss Steelers' decisions to go for 2 could have made a difference Steelers notebook: Big plays becoming thorn in Steelers' side Daily Gallery View Sunday — Nov. 13, 2016 Daily images from across the region by Tribune-Review staff photographers. Most Recent Videos More Videos News Business Neighborhoods Sports Opinion Living Multimedia Obituaries Ways We Deliver Blogs Mobile Email Newsletters eTRIB Digital Replica Buy Trib Photos RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Our Publications Where to Buy the Newspaper Advertise Digital Sales Promotional Solutions Classifieds Marketplace Jobs Homes Autos eFeatures Images and text copyright © 2016 | Trib Total Media, LLC Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. Terms of Service Feedback | Contact Us
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Home News Sports Business Travel Life Taste Opinion Archives Insider USA TODAY Photo-Video More Weather Home News Sports Business Travel Life Taste Opinion Archives Insider USA TODAY Photo-Video Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 64 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Democrats seize edge in Florida registering new voters By almost every metric, Democrats appear to be winning the ground game. Post to Facebook Democrats seize edge in Florida registering new voters By almost every metric, Democrats appear to be winning the ground game.  Check out this story on news-press.com: http://newspr.es/2e1ZxsE {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Democrats seize edge in Florida registering new voters LEDYARD KING , THE NEWS-PRESS Washington bureau 11:17 p.m. EDT October 10, 2016 Clinton volunteer Theresa Darlington (center) tries to register George Almond (right) for the Nov. 8 election. Standing with them outside the Social Security office in St. Petersburg, Fla., is Almond's son, Shawn. (Photo: Ledyard King, USA TODAY) AVALON PARK - It’s a late Monday afternoon as about a dozen Hillary For America volunteers gather at the Starbucks in this planned community of middle-class families just east of downtown Orlando. They’re here for training and a little pep talk before heading out to the Walmart in the nearby strip mall to register voters. This is the first campaign for many of them, and several talk about the enormous stakes of this presidential contest between Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump. “We all know from Gore and Bush how a few votes could really turn the tide,” Navy veteran Hollis Porter, 59, says, referring to George W. Bush’s 537-vote win in Florida in 2000 that gave the Republican the presidency over Democrat Al Gore. If Clinton is going to win the Sunshine State, she’ll need activists like Porter to register as many supporters as he can before the upcoming voter registration deadline. On Monday, U.S. District Court Judge Mark Walker in Tallahassee granted a request from the Florida Democratic Party to extend the deadline at least one day - from Tuesday to Wednesday - to determine whether a longer extension should be granted due to the displacement of Floridians along the East Coast due to Hurricane Matthew. Once voter registration is completed, Clinton will need Porter and the roughly 90,000 other volunteers the campaign claims in Florida to mobilize Democrats, sympathetic independents and Republicans disaffected with Trump over the coming weeks. Republicans say they have “thousands” of volunteers canvassing Florida as well, though they declined to give specific numbers. And they say the Republican National Committee had staff and a state director in Florida for three years, long before the Clinton campaign had theirs in place. But by almost every metric — volunteers, field offices, ad spending — Democrats appear to be winning the ground game in the nation’s most important swing state, experts and activists say. Take voter registration. Of the approximately 651,000 new voters that have signed up in Florida from Jan. 1 through Aug. 31, about 230,000 (35%) registered as independents, about 221,000 (34%) as Democrats and about 185,000 (28.4%) as Republicans, according to Daniel A. Smith, a political science professor at the University of Florida who studies registration activity. The rest registered as third-party voters. “I will guarantee you that number will get bigger in the last month because the Democratic operatives and their allies, the progressive, non-profit community, have been out registering voters leading up to the Oct. 11 deadline,” Smith said, referring to left-of-center groups representing labor, minorities and women that are mobilizing across Florida. Republicans point to impressive registration gains since 2012, when Mitt Romney barely lost to President Obama. Over the past four years, the number of Republicans in the state has grown roughly 195,000, to nearly 4.6 million, while the number of Democrats has shrunk by nearly 89,000, to a little more than 4.7 million, according to the Florida Division of Elections. That roughly 285,000 net gain for Republicans is almost four times the 74,309 margin by which Obama beat Romney in Florida. And, GOP officials say, this is the first time in over a decade that the RNC has invested in voter registration. “The RNC's historic ground game operation has been proactively engaging all communities across the state every day since 2013,” said Ninio Fetalvo, RNC Florida communications director, pointing to GOP Gov. Rick Scott’s re-election in 2014. “These same efforts and resources that have already proven to be effective will pay dividends as we work to elect the entire Republican ticket this November.” But while progressive allies are pushing the virtues of Clinton to voters, conservative groups are not as unanimous in their support of Trump. The Libre Initiative, an organization funded by the Koch Brothers to attract conservative Hispanics by focusing on free market principles, is helping build support for Florida GOP Sen. Marco Rubio — but steering clear of promoting Trump. And Monday, the South Florida-based Latin Builders Association, a Republican stalwart for decades, announced its board voted to endorse Clinton. Smith said the reach of the Clinton campaign isn’t nearly what it was in the past two elections, when the “Obama machine” basically supplanted local Democratic organizations because they were better registering and mobilizing voters. Also playing in the GOP’s favor is that Democrats are being weaned off the registration rolls at a faster pace than Republicans for “routine list maintenance” such as death, relocation or inactivity. It also includes those who switched their affiliation, although Smith said that accounts for a very small percentage of the Democratic dip. But he said the notion that the GOP is “out-registering” Democrats and their allies is a false one. He points to Hispanic voters as a prime example. Since Jan. 2, 2013, more than 166,000 new Hispanic voters registered as Democrats, compared to about 66,000 new Hispanic Republicans, according to his analysis. Hillary Clinton volunteers gather at a Starbucks in the Avalon Park community of greater Orlando as they get ready to register voters.  (Photo: Ledyard King, USA TODAY) That advantage for Democrats has accelerated since the first of this year, with 42 percent of all new Hispanic voters signing up as Democrats vs. 16 percent as Republicans, he said. About 85 miles from Avalon Park, on the other side of Florida’s politically key I-4 corridor, Republican Brittany Reed, 25, has been trying to mobilize voters in the Tampa area. The University of South Florida student, who hopes to join the U.S. Foreign Service, has spent some recent Saturdays going door-to-door in Hillsborough County trying to register new voters and sell them on the virtues of Trump. “You might hit 300 doors and you might get 10 that answer,” she said. But ‘if I just change one person’s mind or educate one person, then I guess it’s worth it.” Voter registration drives are rarely 100 percent successful. It can take hours to sign up even one new voter, as Reed is discovering. And because volunteers are not supposed to ask a person’s political leanings before they try to register them, it might be someone who's not voting for your candidate. Clinton volunteer Theresa Darlington, 36, found out last week outside the Social Security office in downtown St. Petersburg when she persuaded George Almond to register as a voter. Almond, 62, a retired stevedore, hadn’t been registered for decades but now he said he plans to vote for Trump. He calls the bombastic billionaire “erratic” but thinks Clinton is even worse. “Hillary’s one of the good old boys,” he said. “She ain’t going to change nothing.” Contact Ledyard King at lking@gannett.com; Twitter: @ledgeking 64 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://newspr.es/2e1ZxsE TOP VIDEOS Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Hogs And Air Dogs Fly Again 1:09 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 News-Press Election Update: 7pm Florida Polls Close 16:10 News-Press Election Update: 8pm Mailbag Reader Debate 16:42 News-Press Election Update: 9pm Poll Update 14:39 Boca Grande: The Harbor Pilot 2:04 Save Our Water: moderated panel 17:52 Inside SWFL Football: Week 11 6:31 Dad builds phenomenal costumes for his son 0:49 Dress for Success SWFL focused on inspiring women 1:35 'I will not give up.' Dress for Success SWFL leader focused on helping women 1:11 Christie's ex-aide invokes Fifth as office subpoenaed 1:06 Iconic 'National Geographic' 'Afghan Girl' arrested 0:41 Toxic metals found in kids' Halloween makeup 1:11 Vatican says keep your loved one's ashes off the mantel 0:24 Baby uses hearing aids for the first time 0:25 Girl Scout cookie cereal is a real thing and happening soon 1:10 Experience the Florida International Air Show 1:40 Football team pulls off epic proposal for teammate 0:59 Are your kids consuming too much media? 1:07 'We're getting justice.' Family rejoices in charging of murder suspect 1:16 Stowaway snake emerges from car hood in rush hour 0:33 Iraqi forces push to take back Mosul 0:52 Gun accidents kill kids every other day 3:06 Legit reasons to indulge your sweet tooth 0:57 Survey: 70% of parents worry world is unkind to their kids 0:37 Americans fear these 10 things the most 0:43 Teen dedicates herself to fighting heart disease 0:49 City cheers up sick kids with Good Night Lights 1:26 More Stories Lee County Arrests 11/12 Nov. 13, 2016, 8:10 a.m. Rick Scott saying no to working for The Donald Nov. 12, 2016, 10:36 p.m. Over the edge for the Heights Foundation Nov. 12, 2016, 9:57 p.m. NFL cheerleaders in 2016 season Nov. 13, 2016, 10:21 p.m.
SUBSCRIBE NOWfor home delivery Home News Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Specialty Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast USA Today Obituaries Photos/Video Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Weekly Ads More Home News Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Specialty Weather USA Today Obituaries Photos/Video Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Weekly Ads firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Social Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 9 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Democrats seize advantage registering Florida voters By almost every metric, Democrats seem to be winning ground game in most important swing state. Post to Facebook Democrats seize advantage registering Florida voters By almost every metric, Democrats seem to be winning ground game in most important swing state.  Check out this story on tcpalm.com: http://www.tcpalm.com/story/news/politics/elections/2016/10/10/democrats-seize-advantage-registering-florida-voters/91879412/ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Democrats seize advantage registering Florida voters Ledyard King, USA TODAY 9:08 p.m. EDT October 10, 2016 Clinton volunteer Theresa Darlington (center) tries to register George Almond (right) for the Nov. 8 election. Standing with them outside the Social Security office in St. Petersburg is Almond's son, Shawn. (Photo: LEDYARD KING/USA TODAY) AVALON PARK — It’s a late Monday afternoon as about a dozen Hillary For America volunteers gather at the Starbucks in this planned community of middle-class families just east of downtown Orlando. They’re here for training and a little pep talk before heading out to the Walmart in the nearby strip mall to register voters. This is the first campaign for many of them, and several talk about the enormous stakes of this presidential contest between Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump. “We all know from Gore and Bush how a few votes could really turn the tide,” Navy veteran Hollis Porter, 59, says, referring to George W. Bush’s 537-vote win in Florida in 2000 that gave the Republican the presidency over Democrat Al Gore. If Clinton is going to win the Sunshine State, she’ll need activists like Porter to register as many supporters as he can before the upcoming voter registration deadline. On Monday, U.S. District Court Judge Mark Walker in Tallahassee granted a request from the Florida Democratic Party to extend the deadline at least one day — from Tuesday to Wednesday — to determine whether a longer extension should be granted due to the displacement of Floridians along the East Coast due to Hurricane Matthew. Once voter registration is completed, Clinton will need Porter and the roughly 90,000 other volunteers the campaign claims in Florida to mobilize Democrats, sympathetic independents and Republicans disaffected with Trump over the coming weeks. Republicans say they have “thousands” of volunteers canvassing Florida as well, though they declined to give specific numbers. And they say the Republican National Committee had staff and a state director in Florida for three years, long before the Clinton campaign had theirs in place. But by almost every metric — volunteers, field offices, ad spending — Democrats appear to be winning the ground game in the nation’s most important swing state, experts and activists say. TCPALM Tuesday is voter registration deadline for Nov. 8 election Take voter registration. Of the approximately 651,000 new voters that have signed up in Florida from Jan. 1 through Aug. 31, about 230,000 (35%) registered as independents, about 221,000 (34%) as Democrats and about 185,000 (28.4%) as Republicans, according to Daniel A. Smith, a political science professor at the University of Florida who studies registration activity. The rest registered as third-party voters. “I will guarantee you that number will get bigger in the last month because the Democratic operatives and their allies, the progressive, non-profit community, have been out registering voters leading up to the Oct. 11 deadline,” Smith said, referring to left-of-center groups representing labor, minorities and women that are mobilizing across Florida. Republicans point to impressive registration gains since 2012, when Mitt Romney barely lost to President Obama. Over the past four years, the number of Republicans in the state has grown roughly 195,000, to nearly 4.6 million, while the number of Democrats has shrunk by nearly 89,000, to a little more than 4.7 million, according to the Florida Division of Elections. That roughly 285,000 net gain for Republicans is almost four times the 74,309 margin by which Obama beat Romney in Florida. And, GOP officials say, this is the first time in over a decade that the RNC has invested in voter registration. “The RNC's historic ground game operation has been proactively engaging all communities across the state every day since 2013,” said Ninio Fetalvo, RNC Florida communications director, pointing to GOP Gov. Rick Scott’s re-election in 2014. “These same efforts and resources that have already proven to be effective will pay dividends as we work to elect the entire Republican ticket this November.” Hillary Clinton volunteers gather at a Starbucks in the Avalon Park community of greater Orlando as they get ready to register voters.  (Photo: LEDYARD KING/USA TODAY) But while progressive allies are pushing the virtues of Clinton to voters, conservative groups are not as unanimous in their support of Trump. The Libre Initiative, an organization funded by the Koch Brothers to attract conservative Hispanics by focusing on free market principles, is helping build support for Florida GOP Sen. Marco Rubio — but steering clear of promoting Trump. And Monday, the South Florida-based Latin Builders Association, a Republican stalwart for decades, announced its board voted to endorse Clinton. Smith said the reach of the Clinton campaign isn’t nearly what it was in the past two elections, when the “Obama machine” basically supplanted local Democratic organizations because they were better registering and mobilizing voters. Also playing in the GOP’s favor is that Democrats are being weaned off the registration rolls at a faster pace than Republicans for “routine list maintenance” such as death, relocation or inactivity. It also includes those who switched their affiliation, although Smith said that accounts for a very small percentage of the Democratic dip. But he said the notion that the GOP is “out-registering” Democrats and their allies is a false one. He points to Hispanic voters as a prime example. Since Jan. 2, 2013, more than 166,000 new Hispanic voters registered as Democrats, compared to about 66,000 new Hispanic Republicans, according to his analysis. That advantage for Democrats has accelerated since the first of this year, with 42 percent of all new Hispanic voters signing up as Democrats vs. 16 percent as Republicans, he said. About 85 miles from Avalon Park, on the other side of Florida’s politically key I-4 corridor, Republican Brittany Reed, 25, has been trying to mobilize voters in the Tampa area. The University of South Florida student, who hopes to join the U.S. Foreign Service, has spent some recent Saturdays going door-to-door in Hillsborough County trying to register new voters and sell them on the virtues of Trump. “You might hit 300 doors and you might get 10 that answer,” she said. But ‘if I just change one person’s mind or educate one person, then I guess it’s worth it.” Voter registration drives are rarely 100 percent successful. It can take hours to sign up even one new voter, as Reed is discovering. And because volunteers are not supposed to ask a person’s political leanings before they try to register them, it might be someone who's not voting for your candidate. Clinton volunteer Theresa Darlington, 36, found out last week outside the Social Security office in downtown St. Petersburg when she persuaded George Almond to register as a voter. Almond, 62, a retired stevedore, hadn’t been registered for decades but now he said he plans to vote for Trump. He calls the bombastic billionaire “erratic” but thinks Clinton is even worse. “Hillary’s one of the good old boys,” he said. “She ain’t going to change nothing.” 9 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://www.tcpalm.com/story/news/politics/elections/2016/10/10/democrats-seize-advantage-registering-florida-voters/91879412/ More Stories Is medical marijuana a blessing or curse? Nov. 11, 2016, 7 p.m. Treasure Coast Zika cases were from an array of nations Nov. 11, 2016, 6:35 p.m. Detective: Martin County woman likely asleep when boyfriend shot her Nov. 11, 2016, 6:23 p.m. NFL cheerleaders in 2016 season Nov. 13, 2016, 10:21 p.m.

Sections Home Parenting Pregnancy Baby Names Baby Tips & Advice Toddler & Preschoolers K-12 Schools & Education Family Fun How-Tos Food Cooking & Entertaining Quick & Easy Recipes Healthy Recipes Brunch Recipes Drink Recipes Dessert Recipes How-Tos Entertainment Movies Celebrity Gossip Television Books Music Beauty & Style Fashion & Style Makeup Skin Care Hair How-Tos Love Relationships Dating Sex Weddings How Tos Health Well-being Diet Workouts Children’s Health How-Tos Living Travel Crafts Careers Finance How-Tos Pets Home Decor & Style Home Improvement Organizing Outdoor Living How-Tos Experts Sign up Login About Special Series Featured Partners Parenting Pregnancy Baby Names Baby Tips & Advice Toddler & Preschoolers K-12 Schools & Education Family Fun How-Tos Food Cooking & Entertaining Quick & Easy Recipes Healthy Recipes Brunch Recipes Drink Recipes Dessert Recipes All Recipes How-Tos Entertainment Movies Celebrity Gossip Television Books Music Beauty & Style Fashion & Style Makeup Skin Care Hair How-Tos Love Relationships Dating Sex Weddings How Tos Health Well-being Diet Workouts Children’s Health How-Tos Living Travel Crafts Careers Finance How-Tos Pets Home Decor & Style Home Improvement Organizing Outdoor Living How-Tos Experts Sign up Login About Special Series Featured Partners Facebook Twitter58.2k Pinterest144k Google Plus5.4k Sign up for our Newsletters Contact Us Media Kit AdChoices Careers Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Terms of Use About us SheKnows Family SheKnows Canada SheKnows UK SheKnows Australia BlogHer Soaps StyleCaster DailyMakeover DrinksMixer SheKnows Media ‐ Entertainment 14614 North Kierland Boulevard S150 Scottsdale, AZ 85254 Phone: (480) 237-7100 Contact: corporate.sheknows.com © Copyright 2003-2016 SheKnows, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Log in Connect with Facebook Connect with Twitter Connect with Google SheKnows Connect Create an account Sign out SECTIONS What would you like to know? New Hot Video Share Tweet Pin Share Share this Story Share Tweet Pin Share Stumble Share CopyCopied! Email Print What would you like to know? Search results for: ENTERTAINMENT / Television Too many of us have walked in the same shoes as DOOL star Arianne Zucker PREVIOUS STORY Nancy Grace's 5 most heated on-screen arguments, from 2 Chainz to Dr. Drew NEXT STORY Lin-Manuel Miranda's SNL skit about immigrants is a must-watch Oct 10, 2016 by Olivia Truffaut-Wong Olivia is a New York City transplant from Berkeley, California, who loves movies and TV almost as much as her own family. She's in a committed relationship with Captain America and the Marvel Cinematic Universe and loves to write about p... View Profile Image: SNL/NBC Print Who knew SNL would be the show to give America a real look at its immigrants? Share Tweet Pin Share Tumble Combined comments & shares on social media There were many standout sketches on Saturday Night Live this week, but just one struck viewers as particularly game-changing: "Diego Calls His Mom." The digital short "Diego Calls His Mom," starring the impossible-to-dislike host Lin-Manuel Miranda, was based on a simple concept: Diego, a Latino immigrant, calls his mom from his new home in North Dakota. He tells her about the local culture, like the marshmallow salad, mac 'n' cheese and "big mounds of yellow and orange food" he's eating. He tells his mother about his new friend/crush Preston, who introduces him to American football and takes him to see "el Walmart, el 7/11, el cornfield, y el otro Walmart, el otro 7/11." More: Lin-Manuel Miranda's episode of SNL was a poetic love letter to theater kids Before you start thinking the sketch is just about a man's not-so-platonic crush on his BFF Preston or that it's all about making fun of the Midwest, know that the sketch is more than that — much more. Aside from a few well-chosen and well-placed English words, the sketch "Diego Calls His Mom" was performed entirely in Spanish, without subtitles. At the risk of alienating American viewers who don't speak Spanish (and aren't used to being left out of the loop on American television), Saturday Night Live aired a completely Spanish-speaking sketch. This isn't quite the first time SNL has done this. In 2009, Rosario Dawson appeared in a sketch called "La Policia Mexicana," which was performed in elementary Spanish, and in 1990, Jimmy Smits featured a bit of Spanish in his monologue and appeared in "NBC News' Spanish Pronunciation," a skit making fun of how Americans overpronounce Spanish words. "Diego Calls His Mom" might not be the first sketch on SNL performed in Spanish, but it just might be the first in which the Spanish language itself wasn't the joke. More: Sorry, haters, Alec Baldwin's Donald Trump on SNL was damn near perfect "Diego Calls His Mom" isn't important just because of its use of a foreign language — though that is significant — it's also important because it stood out as one of the most heartfelt and honest sketches of the night. Many viewers at home found that the sketch touched on the immigrant experience perfectly, and they tweeted as much throughout the weekend. "Diego Calls His Mom" - brilliant-funny-touching @Lin_Manuel phone booth sketch on @nbcsnl #SNLinManuel— Michiko Kakutani (@michikokakutani) October 9, 2016 My favorite sketch from last night's #SNL. It had me in tears. Thank you so much for this, @Lin_Manuel. https://t.co/pNLwkJIpZk— Natalia Sylvester (@NataliaSylv) October 9, 2016 Ok but I'm obsessed with @Lin_Manuel and his "Diego Calls His Mom" skit literally how my family described the US to family in Mexico lol— Yanely Lara (@yanelylara) October 9, 2016 The sketch also managed to be effective politically without directly mentioning Donald Trump. "Diego Calls His Mom," written by new writer Julio Torres, counters Trump's narrative that immigrants are criminals and rapists. It subtly takes a jab at racism against immigrants without calling out anyone, ensuring a mostly drama-free sketch. "These immigrants are coming to steal our jobs, but not like you, though — you're different," Preston's white father tells Diego at one point in the sketch. It's a funny moment that, coupled with the rest of the piece, reminded viewers just how ridiculous that narrative is. More: Proof the new SNL writers will make the show smarter and, well, funny again For Trump supporters, "Diego Calls His Mom" is just as sci-fi as #StrangerThings. #SNL— Ryan McGee (@TVMcGee) October 9, 2016 The best sketch on #snl. To every hispanic inmigrant living in the US. They're humans too, not rapists. #fucktrump https://t.co/3lGUitmbHq— Daniel (@thedan41) October 10, 2016 It's a little sad to think that we, as a nation, needed an SNL skit to help humanize immigrants to viewers, but maybe some of us did, and I'm glad Saturday Night Live was able to rise to the challenge. What did you think of the skit? Let us know in the comments below. Before you go, check out our slideshow below: Image: WENN Tagged in entertainment saturday night live snl television Comments Follow Us Facebook Twitter58.2k Pinterest144k Google Plus5.4k RSS SheKnows Media ‐ Entertainment Slideshows 16 'Westworld' theories to make your head spin All the best President Obama & Joe Biden memes to give you life 12 biggest reveals about your fave nostalgic stars on 'Oprah: Where Are They Now?' Take a break from politics and get to know CoverGirl's first male model Subscribe to SheKnows Entertainment Get the good, the bad, and the gossip. Please enter a valid email address. Related Articles It's official: Once Upon a Time has ruined Belle and Rumple for good by Allyson Koerner Just now Big Brother: OTT cast finding out Trump won is every millennial in a nutshell by Sarah Long 2 hours ago Not everyone loved Kate McKinnon's beautiful SNL tribute to Hillary Clinton by Sarah Long 4 hours ago Hot New in Entertainment Close The menu button now contains all of the sections of our site. And you'll see personalized content just for you whenever you click the My Feed . SheKnows is making some changes!
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Fugitive teen mom caught in Idaho; accused in baby's death in Independence Monday Oct 10, 2016 at 4:39 PM Oct 10, 2016 at 4:39 PM Mike Genet mike.genet@examiner.net @GenetEJC Independence teenager Whitley Evenson, who is accused of suffocating her infant child to death in September 2015 and who had been a fugitive for more than two months, is in Kootenai County Jail in Idaho after she was captured Friday by U.S. marshals. According to a release from the marshal's office, the 18-year-old Evenson was captured without incident in a Wal-Mart parking lot in Post Falls, Idaho, near the Idaho-Washington border. The U.S. Marshals Service Fugitive Task Force, which involved Independence Police detectives and eventually marshals' deputies in four states, had been tracking her for two months. She was to remain in custody pending extradition proceedings. As of Monday afternoon Evenson was still on the inmate list on the county sheriff's office website in Idaho. According to the Coeur d'Alene/Post Falls Press, an armed man with Evenson also was taken into custody. In addition, earlier that day deputies had mistakenly detained a 35-year-old breast cancer patient whose recently shaved head gave her an appearance similar to the description of the short-haired Everson. Erin Peters says she was stopped at an Idaho Walmart and questioned for 45 minutes, the Associated Press reported. FBI spokesman Richard Collodi says he regrets that Peters was inconvenienced but the task force had to be sure. Evenson was 17 when she was charged with second-degree murder 13 months ago, after she allegedly covered the mouth of 6-week-old Derek Evenson with her hand because she had been agitated with his crying. Evenson had been a fugitive since she failed appear for a July 15 pre-trial conference. At that point the court issued an arrest warrant and revoked her bond. According to court documents, the Independence woman initially told police she had awakened one day September 2015 a few hours after feeding and changing Derek's diaper at her West Short Avenue residence, only to find him still and not breathing. Later, police received an audio recording from a man who believed Evenson was lying and got her to admit her true actions. She then admitted to police that she placed her hand over his mouth, though she knew it was wrong, and told police she thought Derek was sleeping. Prosecutors had requested bond of $100,000, and Evenson posted in April after pleading not guilty in November. Evenson then failed to appear at the Eastern Jackson County Courthouse for her pre-trial conference, leading A bond forfeiture conference has been scheduled for Dec. 19. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Subscribe Yellow Pages Vacation Hold Market Place Classifieds Find Independence jobs Cars Real Estate FindNSave Boats Magazine Online Submissions Engagements Weddings Births Anniversaries Sister Publication Boonville Daily News Linn County Leader Lake Sun Leader Chillicothe Constitution-Tribune The Examiner Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Examiner ~ 410 S. Liberty, Independence, MO 64050 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Police & Fire State News Nation & World News Columnists Reader Submitted My Legislators Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports High School Mavericks Sports Columnists Sports Calendar Outdoors Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Boomers Faith Family Food Health Milestones Storytellers Engagements Weddings Home & Garden Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obituaries More Legislators Photos Videos Calendar Branded Content Submit Your News Subscriber Subscribe E-Edition Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Share 2 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-13 Kate McKinnon Performs Leonard Cohen’s ‘Hallelujah’ In ‘Somber’ SNL Opener [Video] Entertainment 2016-11-13 ‘Doctor Foster’ A Great Show On Netflix That You Aren’t Watching Entertainment 2016-11-13 American Music Awards 2016: Complete List Of 2016 AMA Nominees Entertainment 2016-11-13 A Tribe Called Quest On SNL News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-13 10 Things You Need To Know About Keith Ellison, The Man Bernie Sanders Wants To Head The DNC News 2016-11-13 Dennis Wallace: Sheriff’s Deputy Shot In Head Twice And killed “Execution Style”, Suspect In Custody Opinion 2016-11-13 President-Elect Donald J. Trump – The Culmination Of Internet Trolling? World 2016-11-13 World War 3 Fears Arise From Trump Threat: NATO Chief Says ‘Greatest Challenge To Security’ Of Europe If U.S. Leaves Alliance Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Football 2016-11-13 NFL Playoff Standings: Pittsburgh Steelers, Green Bay Packers Terrible (Again) As Dallas Cowboys Fly High Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Steep’ Beta Opens Up To Everyone November 18 Prior To December 2 Release Date Gaming 2016-11-13 Five Years Later, Pocket, Gear VR And Windows 10 ‘Minecraft’ Are Finally Getting The End Technology 2016-11-13 iPad Pro 2 Release Date And Rumors: 3 Things Apple Can Do To Ensure Its Success Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Hitman’ Season 2: Io-Interactive Confirms Development At New Studio BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 Andrew Lumish: ‘The Good Cemeterian’ — Freely Restoring Veteran Headstones BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 Asra Nomani, A Muslim Woman, Had Two Reasons To Dump Trump, But She Didn’t: Here’s Why BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 What is Parker Schnabel’s Net Worth And The ‘Gold Rush’ Star’s Advice For Viewers Who Want To Get Into Gold Mining ? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 Internet Of Things: Is The Future Susceptible To Hacking? SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Woman Undergoing Breast Cancer Treatment Arrested After Being Mistaken For Fugitive News 2 0 0 October 10, 2016 Woman Undergoing Breast Cancer Treatment Arrested After Being Mistaken For Fugitive Amy Schaeffer A 35-year-old woman was arrested in Post Falls, Idaho, after police mistook her for an 18-year-old woman who was a fugitive from justice and accused of killing her infant last year. The circumstances surrounding the mistake are tragic — Erin Peters is undergoing treatment for breast cancer, and shaved her head when her hair began to fall out from the treatment. She went to her local Walmart to shop, sporting her shaved head sans wig or hat, and ended up in handcuffs. She was questioned by police for approximately 45 minutes before they were satisfied she was not the woman they were looking for. Police stated the fugitive from justice has a shaved head, and therefore they believed Ms. Peters was the person they were looking for. [Image by David McNew/Getty Images] Ms. Peters said she was humiliated and embarrassed by the situation, and had no idea what was happening to her. Who police were really seeking was 18-year-old Whitley Evenson, of Independence, Mo., who is charged with the murder of her six-week-old daughter last year and has been a fugitive for two months, according to Fox News. Members of the North Idaho Violent Crimes Task Force mistook Peters for the woman solely for the reason of having a shaved head, Peters said, and the police officers told her “you don’t have to lie anymore” when she pleaded with them to look into the facts of her identity, according to the NY Daily News. Peters said she told them repeatedly that her head was shaved because she was undergoing treatment for cancer, and even gave them permission to call her physician and obtain her medical records, but she says police continued to insist she was lying. Meanwhile, a crowd at Walmart had gathered to see the spectacle of her arrest. [Image by Adam Berry/Getty Images] Peters, who is a preschool teacher, was diagnosed with breast cancer in January and had surgery to remove both breasts in August. She says that she has not received any type of apology for the horror she went through. Peters said she was obtaining an attorney, but that her main objective was not to sue, but instead perhaps cause a better way to identify possible suspects. “I’m not looking for a major lawsuit. I just want them to admit that they were wrong and to apologize.” Peters said it was humiliating and odd to be mistaken for the fugitive, as she is seventeen years older than the fugitive, has different colored eyes, and does not have a prominent mole on her face like the fugitive they were seeking. Besides not receiving an apology, the task force continues to defend what happened. FBI Supervisory Senior Resident Agent Richard Collodi said that he believes the officers acted professionally and that suspects often lie and make up stories to get out of trouble, so that’s why officers likely did not believe Ms. Peters about her health condition. The taskforce had received a tip that the fugitive had shaved her head and was at the Walmart in question, and when they saw Peters, they immediately arrested her. She said they “ransacked” all of her personal belongings, including her purse, and going through messages on her cell phone. “I felt humiliated in front of Walmart, crying… the way they went about this was so wrong.” Although she received no apology, Agent Collodi said he understood that it was likely uncomfortable and embarrassing for Ms. Peters, but that police had to be sure before they let her go. The fugitive in question was also at the Walmart along with a man who had numerous weapons on him, and they both were taken into custody without incident. [Featured Image by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Klu Klux Klan To Celebrate Trump Victory With Parade Now Read This: Reince Priebus Named Chief Of Staff By Donald Trump In Controversial Move Share 2 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Amy Schaeffer Tags: Erin Peters, Woman with cancer arrested after being mistaken for fugitive, woman with shaved head arrested Comments LATEST HEADLINES Reince Priebus Named Chief Of Staff By Donald Trump In Controversial Move NBA Trade Rumors: Shaquille O’Neal Hints Demarcus Cousins on Trading Block ‘Steep’ Beta Opens Up To Everyone November 18 Prior To December 2 Release Date Stahl-Trump Interview: Up To Three Million Deportations, Special Prosecutor For Clinton Possible [Video] L.A. Rams Midseason Awards: Aaron Donald, Jeff Fisher, Jared Goff and More ‘Toriko: Gourmet Battle’ Manga Will Conclude By The End Of The Month — ‘Weekly Shonen Jump’ Reveals Final Chapters On November 21 Right After ‘Climax’ Lil Wayne Dances To Politically Upset Fans At Flog Gnaw After Race Incident 10 Things You Need To Know About Keith Ellison, The Man Bernie Sanders Wants To Head The DNC Five Years Later, Pocket, Gear VR And Windows 10 ‘Minecraft’ Are Finally Getting The End Is Tyga On The Down Low? Mia Isabella Relationship Remains Unanswered Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 225.3k 0 0 Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 45.4k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 76.8k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 23k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 20.1k 0 0 KKK Of North Carolina Confirms It Will Hold Parade Honoring Electoral Victory Of Donald Trump On December 3 15.1k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 8.1k 0 0 Recent Headlines NFL Playoff Standings: Pittsburgh Steelers, Green Bay Packers Terrible, As Dallas Cowboys Fly High 0 0 0 Zayn Malik And Gigi Hadid Have Been Together For One Year: Where It Started And Where It Is Headed 1 0 0 David Blaine: Is ‘Beyond Magic’ Dark Magic? Watch Blaine Throw Up And Swallow A Live Frog [Video] 1 0 0 Kate McKinnon Performs Leonard Cohen’s ‘Hallelujah’ In ‘Somber’ SNL Opener [Video] 1 0 0 George Soros: Billionaire Who Funded Black Lives Matter Protests Now Accused Of Bankrolling Anti-Trump Protests 3 0 0 NBA Trade Rumors 2016: Willie Cauley-Stein to Celtics, Terry Rozier And James Young to Kings 1 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AAPL FB Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Don’t Buy Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock, Says … BofA? Economic headwinds could batter big banks, and in case you didn't know, Bank of America stock is a bet on big banks By Dana Blankenhorn, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Oct 7, 2016, 10:06 am EST     Popular Posts: Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Has a New Path to Bigger Profits Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Stock Enters ‘Survivor Mode’ CVS Health Corp (CVS) Stock Is a Black-and-Blue Buy Now Recent Posts: ESPN Strangles Walt Disney Co (DIS) Stock AGAIN Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Has a New Path to Bigger Profits Kohl’s Corporation (KSS) Stock Is Shopped Back to Life View All Posts Shares in Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC) have been on a tear lately. Since hitting their low for the year of $11.11 in February, Bank of America stock is up by one-third. Investors got another chance to buy it at $12.18 in June, but since then, BAC has been on a steady rise, and opened for trading on Oct. 7 at over $16. Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr Our Serge Berger likes what he sees, and now has BAC stock on his buying radar. But buying right this second could be a trap. The price-to-earnings multiple on the stock is up to 14, higher than peers like JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C) or Wells Fargo & Co (NYSE:WFC). BofA reports earnings in 10 days, and analysts are hoping for 35 cents p[er share, on revenue of $20.76 billion. That sounds good, but would fall short of last quarter’s 37 cents per share, or the 36 cents per share achieved in the same quarter a year ago — when BAC shares were lower than they are now. Though Bank of America stock’s valuation looks a little better this morning — but only because of a disappointing jobs report that put a damper on interest-rate hike hopes. There also is a global economic storm coming, a financial hurricane that will batter global business, and hurt the bank’s results. Who says so? Bank of America says so. Merrill Lynch’s Warning We are reaching “peak everything.” Those were the words of Michael Hartnett, chief investment strategist for Merrill Lynch, which Bank of America has owned now for nearly a decade. Bullish trends that have boosted globalization and liquidity look set to reverse, Hartnett’s team wrote yesterday. Politicians are increasingly anti-immigrant and anti-trade. There is a backlash against inequality. The global investment map is being withdrawn. Bonds are out, commodities and equities are back in. That means the value of assets banks like Bank of America hold on their books is due to fall. It means things like oil and gold are going to look like better investments. Market sectors that have underperformed in the past year are due to outperform. Does any of that sound good for Bank of America stock holders? A Political Call It should be emphasized, in a political year, that this is something of a political call, and one that is backward-looking. The Brexit vote, and that government’s decision to pursue an exit from the European Union regardless of the economic consequences, has unnerved markets. The rise of ultra-nationalists across Europe, Asia and the U.S. has bankers battening down the hatches like Floridians before Hurricane Matthew. Political trends can reverse, in response to economic action, but for now other analysts are heeding Bank of America’s warning and downgrading its stock. Vetr has downgraded BAC stock, and Zacks just says “sell.” I am personally more sanguine about the economic outlook than most, because I’m more hopeful about the political outlook. Trends may already be reversing, at least if 538.com is to be believed. That doesn’t mean I’m going to jump on BAC shares this morning. When investors or analysts panic, I like to wait it out before going for bargains. But the price-to-book of Bank of America stock remains 0.7 — dirt-cheap by historical standards, and rising interest rates (eventually) do mean money will get a price. In a few months, BofA might look very interesting. Dana Blankenhorn is a financial journalist who dabbles in fiction, his latest being The Reluctant Detective Travels in Time. Write him at danablankenhorn@gmail.com or follow him on Twitter at @danablankenhorn. As of this writing, he was long WFC. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/bank-of-america-corp-bac-stock-bofa/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Buys for 7 Donald Trump Fears That Won’t Come True 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to Trump 3 Tech Stocks Getting a Big Cash Payday 7 Blue-Chip Stocks Due for a Reckoning 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 7 CEOs Heading to the Chopping Block by '18 Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 3 Tech Stocks That Just Got a Big Cash Payday 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 3 Reasons Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Still Is a Great Buy Most Popular Most Commented 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Stocks That Will Tank Under Donald Trump 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump The Tech Reversal May Have Legs Trade of the Day: Industrial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSEARCA:XLI) General Electric Company (GE) Stock Is an Overpriced Juggernaut GrubHub Inc Stock Falls After CEO’s Anti-Trump Email to Employees Why Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Ended the Free Supercharger Ride Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Tech Bytes: Three ‘disruptive’ lessons from Northwest Arkansas Technology Summit Hands down, “digital disruption” was the theme of the third annual Northwest Arkansas Technology Summit, held in Rogers, Arkansas. Want to Read More? This content is available only to registered users. Log in to read the rest of this article or create a free account. Log In Or, Create an Account >> Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented This retailer will close all its stores on Election Day Macy’s unloads five stores Sears executive jumps ship for party supplies specialty retailer Online fashion retailer files Chapter 11 CEO shakeup at Whole Foods Rebecca Minkoff puts virtual mirror into shoppers hands Target axes kids’ shopping carts Unusual deal gives Aeropostale new lease on life — and it just got better Flip-Flop Shops on the move Target first out of the gate with holiday hiring plans Solutions Spotlight Holiday Uptime: Preparing Your Network for the Holiday Rush Your network connection is more than just a means of connecting your point-of-sale system – it’s a driving force of your online and in-store experiences. And when it’s not working, your revenues, customers and even your brand reputation suffer. This webinar explores the ways you can prepare your network for the holiday rush. Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you think holiday 2016 sales will be: Better than last year About the same as last year Worse than last year Hot Concepts Furniture retailer to open chain of boutique hotels West Elm is expanding into the hotel business. And most everything in the... The North Face premiers new concept pop-up The North Face is trying on a new store format.   The retailer has... Google setting up shop in New York City In what could be a prelude to a retail strategy, Google is doing up a pop-up... More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Retail Next: The biggest, busiest shopping days of the year will be… Move over Black Friday.   The biggest shopping day in terms of... Forecast calls for early holiday blitz in stores Nearly half of holiday shoppers will hit the stores before Nov. 1 — and... Report: Brands aren’t prepared to excel at e-commerce With an eye on merging the physical and virtual shopping experience, too many... Trending Stores Winn Dixie, Tampa Grocery Retailer Winn-Dixie Opened The Second Ever Location Of Its Next-Generation Store Concept, In The Hyde Park Section Of Tampa, Florida. More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS Golden Hammer Awards   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media HellaWella Health Events Live   © 2016 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
Rochester Business Journal Menu About the RBJ Staff Directory Contact Us Customer Service Submit News Advertise Daily Report Signup Print Edition – Free Trial RBJ Online Store Retail Locations Event Registration Full Site Site Map Sort. Merge. Mail. Prospect. Do it all with the new Book of Lists on CD. Click here. Wal-Mart to open academy in Batavia By KERRY FELTNER • October 10, 2016 Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is opening an academy in Batavia, Genesee County, on Tuesday to train front-line supervisors, officials announced Monday.   The training will be held at 4133 Veterans Memorial Drive beginning at 7:30 a.m. The training academy is one of 200 like it that will be held across the United States before the close of 2017, the company said. Supervisors will learn retail skills and skill sets specific to their department. The local training academy will be run by Regional General Manager Keith Wyche, Market Manager Donald Quinn, Academy Manager Ryan Nott and Store Manager Evan Shallenberger. Follow Kerry Feltner on Twitter: @KerryFeltner © 2016 Rochester Business Journal. To obtain permission to reprint this article, call 585-546-8303 or e-mail service@rbj.net. Receive a free six-week trial of the Rochester Business Journal print edition. Click here. Full Site | Contact Us | Daily Report Signup | Print Edition | Advertise ©2016 Rochester Business Journal. All rights reserved.
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 52 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 13, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 13, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 52 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Woman delivers baby while checking out at Walmart in Utah The Associated Press First Published Oct 10 2016 01:18PM    •    Last Updated Oct 10 2016 01:18 pm Share This Article Payson • A Utah Walmart got a special delivery when a woman had her baby while in a checkout line. The Provo Daily Herald reports (http://bit.ly/2d2X0Cq ) that the woman was buying groceries Sunday at the store in Payson when she went into labor. Payson Fire Department spokesman Terry Reilly says it was not the woman's first pregnancy and things "progressed pretty rapidly." Employees and other customers had to help deliver the baby in the store before emergency crews arrived. The mother and baby were taken to a hospital in Payson, about 60 miles south of Salt Lake City. Both are healthy. VIDEOS TOP JOBS ——— Information from: The Daily Herald, http://www.heraldextra.com   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Oregon medical examiner identifies remains as daughter of Piano Guy Trump plans to immediately deport 2 to 3 million undocumented immigrants Kirby: Don't worry too much about the election -- most of us are going to hell George Pyle: By backing Trump, after all, Mormons blow their moral lead Utah football: After wild weekend, Utes have two 'Super Bowls' remaining to secure lofty goals ELEVATE Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   From Wall St to Hawaii to Utah Valley: UVU Professor Cary Wasden Mentors MBA Finance Students   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
Local News Opinion Business Sports Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us E-Edition Apps & Mobile Newsletters Subscribe Contests About Us News News Beaufort Gazette Bluffton Packet Special Reports Databases Local Traffic Crime & Public Safety Business Politics & Elections Military South Carolina Nation & World Lottery Results Blog: Untamed Lowcountry Photo blog: Lowcountry Lens Sports Sports College Golf RBC Heritage Recreation High School MLB NFL NBA Outdoors Columnists Jeff Shain Cast & Blast Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Real Estate Technology Full Stock Listings Market Summaries Mutual Funds Treasury Rates New Employee/Promotion Form New Business Owner Form Living Living Celebrations Religion Food & Drink Family Outdoors Holidays Columnists Lowcountry Gardening Made With Love Faith in Action Entertainment Entertainment Arts & Culture Local Events Events Calendar Holidays & Seasonal Horoscopes Comics Puzzles & Games Columnists Mindy Lucas Opinion Opinion Editorials Other Views Readers Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter National Voices Editorial Cartoons Columnists David Lauderdale Liz Farrell Obituaries Local Deals Classifieds Classifieds Legal Notices Special Sections Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Place An Ad Hurricane October 10, 2016 2:54 PM Which grocery stores are open in Beaufort County today? Posted by Joan McDonough jmcdonough@islandpacket.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story We’ve called local grocery stores to find out if they’re open today. If you notice incorrect information or a store not listed, please email newsroom@islandpacket.com. Beaufort area Open ▪  Bi-Lo, 2127 Boundary St., Beaufort: open until 5 p.m., plans to be open each day moving forward, times TBD ▪  Walmart, 350 Robert Smalls Pkwy., Beaufort: closed around 11:30 a.m., hoping to reopen Tuesday ▪  Family Dollar, 1265 Ribaut Road, Beaufort: open until 5 p.m. on Monday, back to regular hours as soon as staff returns ▪  Dollar General, 11 Robert Smalls Pkwy, Beaufort: open 9 a.m.-5 p.m. Monday and likely same hours next few days ▪  Walgreens, 2363 Boundary St., Beaufort: open 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. ▪  Walgreens, 155 Sea Island Pkwy., Lady’s Island: closed Monday. Open 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday No answer ▪  Folly Road Grocery, 498 Seaside Road, St. Helena Island ▪  Island Plaza Grocery, 858 Sea Island Pkwy., St. Helena Island ▪  Seaside Mini Market, 1210 Seaside Road, St. Helena Island ▪  Food Lion, 10 Sams Point Road, Lady’s Island ▪  Publix, 61 Lady's Island Drive, Lady’s Island ▪  Lowcountry Produce Market & Cafe, 302 Carteret St., Beaufort ▪  Piggly Wiggly, 1347 Ribaut Road, Port Royal ▪  Food Lion, 313 Laurel Bay Road, Burton ▪  Sea Island Local Outlet, 7A Market No. 1, Habersham ▪  Bi-Lo, 860 Parris Island Gtwy., Beaufort ▪  Dollar General, 180 Sea Island Pkwy, Lady’s Island ▪  Dollar General, 1100 Ribaut Road, Beaufort ▪  Dollar General, 548 Parris Island Gtwy., Beaufort ▪  Dollar General, 1675 Ribaut Road, Port Royal ▪  Dollar Tree, 102 Sea Island Pkwy., Lady’s Island ▪  Dollar Tree, 348 Robert Smalls Pkwy., Beaufort ▪  Dollar Tree, 201 Robert Smalls Pkwy., Beaufort Bluffton area Open ▪  Harvey’s Supermarket, 8205 E Main St. Ridgeland: open 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. ▪  Walmart, 4400 U.S. 278, Hardeeville: open at 1:30 p.m. until (tentatively) 6 p.m., not sure about next few days ▪  Publix, 112 Nickle Plate Road, Hardeeville: open until (tentatively) 10 p.m., not sure about next few days ▪  Publix, 101 Buckwalter Place Blvd., Bluffton: Open 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. until evacuation lifted. ▪  Publix, 80 Baylor Drive, Bluffton: Open 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. ▪  Kroger, 125 Towne Drive, Bluffton: Open. If curfew, closes at 7 p.m.. If no curfew, open 24 hours today and on. ▪  Food Lion, 1008 Fording Island Road, Bluffton: open until 7 p.m. Monday. Open/close times TBD for next few days. ▪  Target, 1050 Fording Island Roadd, Bluffton: open 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. ▪  Walgreens, 868 Fording Island Rd., Bluffton: open until 5 p.m. Monday. Open starting at 8 a.m. Tuesday. ▪  Walgreens, 138 Okatie Center Blvd. S, Okatie: open until 5 p.m. Monday and 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday. No answer ▪  Food Lion, 210 Okatie Village Drive, Bluffton ▪  Dollar General 3618 Argent Blvd., Ridgeland ▪  Dollar Tree, 386 D Mark Cummings Road, Hardeeville ▪  Dollar Tree, 1013 Fording Island Road, Bluffton ▪  Dollar General, 1225 May River Road, Bluffton Hilton Head Island Open ▪  Bi-Lo, 95 Mathews Drive, Hilton Head Island ▪  Publix, 45 Pembroke Drive, Hilton Head Island: Open until 5 p.m. Monday. If no curfew, aiming for regular hours. If curfew possible 8 a.m. open Tuesday. ▪  Harris Teeter, 33 Office Park Road, Hilton Head Island: Open until 5 p.m. Monday. Tentatively open 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday ▪  Walgreens, 20 Hatton Place., Hilton Head Island: Closed Monday. Open Tuesday 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. No answer ▪  Walmart, 25 Pembroke Drive, Hilton Head Island ▪  Harris Teeter, 301 Main St., Main Street Village, Hilton Head Island: Closed until workers can return. ▪  Whole Foods, 50 Shelter Cove Lane, Hilton Head Island ▪  Kroger, 42 Shelter Cove Lane, Hilton Head Island ▪  The Fresh Market, 890 William Hilton Pkwy., Hilton Head Island ▪  Piggly Wiggly, Coligny Plaza, 1 N Forest Beach Drive, Hilton Head Island ▪  Publix, Island Crossing 11 Palmetto Bay Road, Hilton Head Island ▪  Bi-Lo, 70 Pope Ave., Hilton Head Island ▪  Dollar General, 435 William Hilton Pkwy., Hilton Head Island ▪  Dollar Tree, 890 William Hilton Pkwy., Hilton Head Island ▪  Walgreens, Island Crossing, 11 Palmetto Bay Road, Hilton Head Island: Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Hurricane Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:23 Taste of Waddell — Mariculture Center's major fundraiser Pause 0:38 Vintage Packard pulled from lagoon at Concours 2:05 Car pulled from lagoon after receiving award 0:58 Slurpin' 'em down at Hilton Head Oyster Festival 1:14 Touring Concours d'Elegance, Sunday 2:42 What was planned for the new Beaufort County Black Chamber of Commerce building? 1:02 How to shuck an oyster 2:44 Spades strike history in Galilee 1:26 Canada to America: You're great 1:11 Holy Trinity's Feed the Need effort to help the hurricane victims in Haiti Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 days ago Come fly a kite with us! (Here's how) 1:28 3 days ago Come fly a kite with us! (Here's how) 2:49 9 days ago Beaufort County schools change Hurricane Matthew makeup days, again 4:56 10 days ago 'This was my house': Some Palmetto Bay Marina boat owners now homeless View more video Looking for this? Live traffic cameras Latest BCDC arrests New! Property transfers HS football scores Restaurant inspections NEW! Puzzles & Games Local/state salaries HHI's best 18 golf holes 2016 election news BCSD bus routes SPORTS: Tap an icon, or here for more scores: High school | College | NFL PGA | LPGA | Web.com | European | Champions Click/tap here for print-style late scores Looking for box scores and other late results in print format? We've got you covered if you're looking for box scores and other late sports results that missed the printed newspaper because of early deadlines. One option is to click the icons above for sports scores and stats from our partners at Stats.com. If you prefer traditional print agate, our Sports Extra pages, formatted like traditional printed sports results, are for you. To find the Sports Extra: Open either The Island Packet or The Beaufort Gazette e-Edition (free to print and digital subscribers) and look for the Sports Extra icon () in the top menu. If you're using an iPhone or other smartphone, or an iPad in portrait view, you'll find the Sports Extra pages in the menu at the upper right (look for the symbol). Close Hurricane What we know about Hilton Head, a month after Matthew How will Hilton Head cover estimated $55 million in Hurricane Matthew bills? Find out where you can harvest shellfish in Beaufort County after Hurricane Matthew Beaufort County to remove debris from many private communities. Is yours one of them? Hilton Head beach renourishment moving forward after Matthew Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Special Sections Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Special Sections Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Wal-Mart has a tougher road ahead than you think InvestorPlace 10/10/2016 Dana Blankenhorn Click to expand Replay Video This retailer is closing nearly all of its stores: report Kenneth Cole will reportedly close most of its stores in the next six months. Veuer Why President Trump might be bad for gun sales The second amendment is safe under President-elect Donald Trump -- so why are gun stocks suffering? CNN Money Zuckerberg says it's 'crazy' to blame Facebook for election results The tech industry leader said those who believe the hype show a "profound lack of empathy." Newsy Play Pause Seek i Volume Volume Volume Mute Unmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LO Full Screen Exit Full Screen Play Pause Volume Volume Walmart Reports Its Doing Great With Shoppers Time See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next This retailer is closing nearly all of its stores: report Veuer 0:49 Why President Trump might be bad for gun sales CNN Money 1:11 Zuckerberg says it's 'crazy' to blame Facebook for election results Newsy 1:16 Trump's infrastructure investment plan evokes Ayn Rand The Wall Street Journal. 3:38 Newsweek prematurely ships out Madam President magazine cover Inside Edition 0:37 The net worth of American presidents 24/7 Wall St. 0:54 Buffett after Trump win: '100%' optimistic about America CNN Money 20:55 New Balance sparks social media backlash The Wall Street Journal. 1:38 5 ways to win Black Friday Credit.com 1:22 Alibaba Singles Day sales break $5 billion in an hour Reuters 0:59 Trump win signal a Keystone Pipeline comeback? Fox Business 3:28 Moment of silence at NYSE Reuters 0:40 Transitioning veterans to the workforce Bloomberg 2:37 Apple introduces a support app In the App Store Wochit Tech 0:36 How Trump's trade policies may impact the global economy Bloomberg 2:48 No, a global recession isn't imminent Forbes 2:10 UP NEXT Early this year, I called Wal-Mart the McDonald’s of 2016,  comparing what might be happening there with the turnaround at McDonald’s under new CEO Steve Easterbrook. In fact, since January Walmart stock is up 11%. But it was up over 20% for the year in August — this was my point back then. I felt Easterbrook had just done the easy things, like making breakfast all day, and that gains from there would be harder. McDonald’s stock is down 3% during 2016. Once investors realized that McDonald’s problems were structural, not superficial, they walked away from the shares. That is happening to WMT stock, and for the same reason. The problems at WMT go deep, and they won’t be fixed quickly. Management recognizes this, but that doesn’t make it comforting if you have money that wants a return now. Structural Problems for WMT Walmart’s suburban-style SuperCenter store format has reached market saturation in the U.S. At its investor meeting on Oct. 6, CEO Doug McMillon said the company would slow domestic store openings, and crack down on incidental expenses like travel, focusing instead on store operations. 7 Huge Swing Trades to Make for the Fourth Quarter WMT also has a demographic problem. The average shopper is 51, and about half earn under $50,000 per year. This is five years older, with $13,000 less in income, than the average at long-time rival Target. Walmart shoppers are also less likely to be black or Hispanic than shoppers at rival stores, another troubling demographic sign. Analyst Ken Goldberg wrote recently that Walmart stock has been flashing technical “sell” signals for a month and speculators are heading for the exits. He wonders whether this is a WMT problem or a general economic malaise setting in. It’s a Walmart problem. With sales approaching $500 billion per year, WMT is a huge ship to turn around. It is still being haunted by a foreign bribery case resulting from its entry into Mexico, and recently rejected a settlement of that case.  Walmart is a company haunted by its past. Walmart Stock Has Strengths WMT is becoming huge in the grocery space. This gives it an advantage over Target, but that company is no longer its target. And it has taken Walmart many years of concentrated effort, preceding McMillon’s tenure as CEO, to achieve this goal. Now McMillon thinks WMT should be taking on Amazon. This is why it recently bought Jet.com for $3 billion in cash, plus $300 million in stock incentives. As Jet executives take control over Walmart’s e-commerce operations, results may improve. The problem is that, right now, WMT’s online operations don’t even beat Target, let alone Amazon. Delivery is slower, and less accurate, than from its smaller rival. Walmart, in other words, has a long way to go to catch up as an e-retailer, and low prices alone won’t make up the gap. It has deep structural, operational issues that must be addressed, at scale, before it can begin to fulfill its promises. Bottom Line McMillon warned two years ago that his turnaround would take time and he has been right. He has taken on Walmart’s reputation for poor pay, and those initiatives have proven enough of a success that he could brag about it in a commercial. But giving checkers a small raise is a bit like making breakfast all day. It can provide a short-term boost to WMT stock’s earnings, allowing the people who work at the company to shop there. But it does not solve the underlying structural problems — demographic, operational or cultural — that still bedevil the company nearly three years into McMillon’s tenure. As with Easterbrook’s McDonald’s, you’re going to want to avoid Walmart stock until you see real progress on these structural issues. Go to MSN Home More in Money 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY The world's most valuable stamps Lovemoney AdChoices More in Inside the Ticker After Trump's election, stocks take a wild ride Inside the Ticker Opinion: Trump's Obamacare plans put hospitals in the ICU Bloomberg 6 stocks to benefit from holiday shopping U.S. News & World Report - Money Cable news channels won big in the election Inside the Ticker Why the next 4 years will be more difficult for investors MarketWatch More from InvestorPlace Dow closes out its best week in five years InvestorPlace Why Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN), Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) and Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (USA) (AEM) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks InvestorPlace Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock’s “Trump Threat” Is Overblown InvestorPlace For Walt Disney Co (DIS) Stock, Bright Outlook Trumps Earnings Miss InvestorPlace InvestorPlace View the full site AdChoices AdChoices Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Sections Deseret NewsUtah Utah New moms give birth on I-80 and in Payson Wal-Mart checkout line By Pat ReavyDeseret News@DNewsCrimeTeam Published: Oct. 10, 2016 12:05 p.m. Updated: Oct. 10, 2016 6:04 p.m. + Leave a comment TOOELE — A pair of women gave birth a little earlier than they were expecting over the weekend — one while standing in a checkout line at Wal-Mart and another on the side of the I-80 freeway. Just after 5 a.m. Monday, a couple from Wendover started driving toward Salt Lake City after the wife began having contractions. "They had had labor pains so, they decided they were going to start heading to the hospital," said Tooele County Sheriff's Sgt. Marshall Evans. But about 16 miles over the Utah-Nevada border, the baby decided she couldn't wait any longer. The father pulled over and the mother gave birth to a baby girl, Evans said. When emergency dispatchers got the call from the couple, it wasn't to report that the woman was in labor but rather that the baby had already been born, he said. When emergency crews arrived, Evans said mother and baby, who were in good condition, were transported the rest of the way to the hospital. That incident came less than 24 hours after a woman at Wal-Mart in Payson went into labor while standing in the checkout line, said Payson Assistant Fire Chief Terry Reilly. The woman's husband and another relative were with her at the time. "She had flagged down one of my managers and said she needed help," said store manager Dustin Haight. But the situation escalated quickly. "She was clearly having trouble with the baby, so he brought her over her to register 11 with her stuff, and my customer service manager went to get her a wheelchair," Haight said. But by the time that manager returned, "which was probably about 30 seconds," Haight said, "she was in the process of having the baby." Reilly said 911 dispatchers were told that the woman was in labor. But before the call was over, the baby was already born. "It was very fast," Reilly said. Staffers at Wal-Mart and customers assisted with the birth. When paramedics arrived, Reilly said it was a "calm" situation. Both mom and baby were doing well, he said. After the child was born, Haight said the mother of three wanted to bring home the groceries. "She was down on the ground in a lot of distress, but she insisted on paying for her merchandise," he said, adding that while no one wanted to argue with her, the store may invite her back to receive some free diapers and other supplies. "It's probably something in 20 years of doing this that I'll never forget," Reilly said. The two incidents come on the heels of an episode last week on I-15 when a woman headed to the hospital became stuck in a massive traffic backup caused by a tanker rollover and freeway closure. A South Jordan fire paramedic crew was able to get to the woman quick enough to put her into the back of an ambulance where she gave birth. Contributing: Peter Samore, Mike Anderson Email: preavy@deseretnews.com Twitter: DNewsCrimeTeam + Leave a comment Like that? Read this. Sponsored by Utah League of Cities and Towns What makes the world turn? The foundation of a community Utah 23 hours ago Summit explores ways to move forward from divisive election Utah 2 hours ago Photos: Car show, cruise honors fallen West Valley police officer The PopuList 1 6 ways being a parent today is different than 50 years ago 2 Pearl Harbor survivor plans to return to Hawaii 75 years after attack 3 Long lines delay results, keep voters waiting for hours 4 How to Train Your Dragon author shares importance of reading and creating 5 U.S. Capitol Christmas tree to make stop in Ogden View all for Utah most Commented 114 Thousands march to Capitol to protest Trump being elected president 84 'Shared grief' draws hundreds to anti-Trump gathering in Salt Lake City 71 Utah voters side with Trump 44 Salt Lake City hosts another Trump protest 37 Governor decries 'numerous reports' of student harassment since Election Day 24 Photos: Copper Hills students protest Trump's election 20 Pray for Trump, LDS leaders say as voters pass 3 of 4 initiatives opposed by church 19 How will Utah fare under President Trump? Sunday, November, 13, 2016 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Company About Us People FAQ Careers Copyright © 2016 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2016 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, November 13, 2016, 9:37 p.m. Home / News / Man injured in shooting at Arkansas Wal-Mart By The Associated Press This article was originally published October 10, 2016 at 12:58 p.m. Updated October 11, 2016 at 5:45 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Search mug shots, government salaries, crime maps and more at our Right2Know page. SPRINGDALE — Authorities are investigating after a person was found suffering from a gunshot wound at a Wal-Mart store in Northwest Arkansas. The Springdale Police Department said officers responded to a gunshots call Sunday night at a Wal-Mart supercenter on Elm Springs Road. Daniel Luna, 25, was shot and taken to a hospital in Fayetteville, and his condition was not immediately available, police said. Luna and another person were involved in a "verbal confrontation" before the shooting, authorities said. No other details have been released and no arrests have been announced. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News To aid Haiti, U.N. appeals for $120M; call co... February trial set for Arkansas man accused o... Arkansas congressman, his challenger back Tru... Special judge in 4 Arkansas hot-check cases t... Man injured in shooting at Arkansas Wal-Mart Matthew's rains swell N.C. rivers to brim $60M settles suit over landslide Supreme Court hears case on juror bias Corps holds off OK for Dakota pipeline More News stories > Comments on: Man injured in shooting at Arkansas Wal-Mart To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Trump protests continue (21 comments) It's the culture, stupid (28 comments) Demographics doom Clinton in Arkansas (18 comments) Election unrest hits state schools (34 comments) Trump said to adjust stance on health law (11 comments) Trump names GOP Chairman Priebus chief of staff; Bannon to be chief strategist (3 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2016, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2016, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
null
null
Classifieds| Real Estate| Jobs| Autos| Public Notices| Special Sections News and weather for: [change] Living Sunday, Nov. 13, 2016    Last update: 8:39 p.m. News| The Point| Business| Next| Sports| Outdoors| Homestead| Food| Events| Opinion| Obituaries| Blogs News from your community: State | Aroostook | Augusta | Bangor | Down East | Hancock | Lewiston-Auburn | Mid-Maine | Midcoast | Penobscot | Piscataquis | Portland EMMET MEARA After falling 40 feet over Allagash Falls, this man has a story to tell Print Email Share Tweet Next Courtesy of Steve Day Allagash Falls Courtesy of Matthew LaRoche Little Allagash Falls on the Allagash Wilderness Waterway is one of the most beautiful and remote locations on the waterway. Courtesy of Matthew LaRoche Allagash Falls By Emmet Meara, Special to the News Posted Oct. 10, 2016, at 12:07 p.m. Walter Mastropietro is the luckiest SOB alive. Or maybe the unluckiest man alive. You decide. He was the 61-year old man from Westfield, New Jersey, who got sucked into and over the Allagash Falls in a Wal-Mart kayak and lived to talk about it. I call him Walter because Mastropietro is too hard to spell. “I am thankful to the Lord,” he said this week, still recuperating from a host of injuries suffered from smashing into rocks — with his face. One thing he did right: He wore a helmet. Otherwise Walter would not be talking to anyone. Story continues below advertisement. Like me, Walter is a flatwater kayaker, taking only reluctantly to fast and churning water. I was with the Upsidedown Canoe Club years ago, when we almost went over those same 40-foot falls in a heavy rainstorm. Walter has a place in Moncton, New Brunswick, and naturally heard about the charm of paddling the Allagash, one of the nation’s most famous rivers. He read a story on a planned festival in a kayaking magazine, and on Aug. 23 he rejected the torturous multi-day trip to the falls that many paddlers take and decided to drive to the ranger’s cabin at Michaud Farm, then make the short two-hour paddle to the falls. It was 8:40 a.m. when he left, alone. He made it too fast. “I missed the sign. I knew I was getting close, then I was in fast water and I heard the roar. I still didn’t think it was the falls, and then I got sucked in,” he said. “It happened too quickly. I wasn’t paying attention.” It was about 10:30 a.m. His sit-inside kayak slammed into a rock and both he and the kayak went under several feet of water. “It happened all so fast, before I knew it. Then I was trapped in 25 to 30 feet of water. I had to breathe, but I knew better, trapped underwater. I held it and finally broke the surface,” he said. It wasn’t over yet. “I went through three or four rapids, down again. Up again,” he said. Finally Allagash Falls spit him out, battered, bloody and broken. At the hospital, doctors told him he had three breaks in his cheek bone, a torn ligament in his one finger and a broken ankle. He bruised and battered all over, but he was alive. “My left eye was swollen shut. I looked like Frankenstein,” he said. “I tried to get off the river on the left, but the current was too strong. The right side seemed calmer. I sat on a big rock for 20 minutes, getting my breathing back. I took off for shore, touching the bottom. It was about 25 feet to the shore.” He took stock of the situation, bleeding from his nose and cheek, spitting blood. “I was scared and alone.” The “lucky” part came four or five hours later when a canoe party made the portage around the falls and found him. The party included an EMT and an experienced first responder. “They came from heaven, “Walter said. One of them even had a satellite phone. There is no cell service on the river. The canoe party carried Walter back across the portage to meet ranger Trevor O’Leary. He was taken back to Michaud Farm and then two hours to Northern Maine Medical Center in Fort Kent. Doctors there patched him up and opted to transfer him south. His injuries were not deemed serious enough for an airlift, so it was back in the ambulance for a six hour drive to Maine Medical Center in Portland. He was so beat up that he was in rehabilitation for five weeks. It wasn’t over yet. When he left the hospital, he didn’t have a dime. His wallet and credit cards were still in his truck at Michaud Farms. Somehow he got a replacement credit card but had no identification. He had to use his hospital discharge papers as ID to charge a bus ride back to Caribou. He couldn’t even buy groceries at the supermarket — again because of no identification. He borrowed $10 at a breakfast spot to pay someone to take him back to his car, back at Michaud Farms. Looking back, he said, “I thought that was the end of it all. It was divine intervention. That helmet and PFD saved my life.” He recovered his Wal-Mart kayak, battered but still usable. He will continue flatwater paddling from now on. But no rapids, no falls. Me, too. Emmet Meara lives in Camden in blissful retirement after working as a reporter for the Bangor Daily News in Rockland for 30 years.   Recommend this article SEE COMMENTS → Previous story:« Oscar-winning Polish film director Andrzej Wajda dies at 90 Next story:Tapas and wine bar joins Bucksport’s downtown renaissance » News Blogs Living Sports Opinion Speed, alcohol cited as factors in crash that killed 2 on Golden Road Crash on Interstate 95 near Medway leaves 1 dead, another in critical condition Defying trend, Northeast Harbor on MDI says no to cruise ships How LePage lost and won the 2016 election Transgender teen’s suicide raises concerns about Maine youth corrections center Five things that explain Donald Trump’s stunning presidential election victory Trump owes women a sincere apology and a pledge before he becomes president Yes on 1 fallout Monday, Nov. 14, 2016: Make government dignified again, 2018 midterm crucial for Democrats, equality will prevail Why all Americans should stand for the national anthem UMaine football team beats Stony Brook, keeps playoff hopes alive Vivians powers No. 10 Mississippi State past UMaine women for tourney title ‘Where have most of the basketball positive role models gone, long time passing”? Boetsch scores first-round TKO at UFC 205 Husson football to face Western New England in NCAA playoffs RESEARCH SHOWS Moving forward: Six things you can do if you are dissatisfied with Tuesday’s election OFF THE RIM ‘Where have most of the basketball positive role models gone, long time passing”? GEORGE DANBY | EDITORIAL CARTOONIST Yes on 1 fallout THE GLOCAL The World Ahead of Us THE DRIVE DeVito’s Patriots notebook: Week 10 vs Seattle Leon Russell, musician known for dynamic performances, dies at 74 Five decades and 200 films later, Jackie Chan ‘finally’ wins Oscar Blogs Be a BDN blogger | Browse BDN blogs Urban Eye Maine Magazine co-founder departs Maine Magazine co-founder departs Culture Shock Culture Shock I Love the 90s Tour to return to Cross Insurance Center in Bangor in May 2017 Watch Me Paint Challenge your assumptions Challenge your assumptions #Maine Six Amazon Dash Buttons that Mainers need Six Amazon Dash Buttons that Mainers need More Bang(or) for your Buck Don't forget the $66 side dish. Don't forget the $66 side dish. Top Stories Buyers of North Woods lands hopeful about future of Maine forest products How a Trump presidency could affect life in Maine Navy veteran, 92, recalls attack on Pearl Harbor 75 years ago Transgender teen’s suicide raises concerns about Maine youth corrections center Crash on Interstate 95 near Medway leaves 1 dead, another in critical condition How LePage lost and won the 2016 election Messages of love replace campaign signs in Maine town Trump owes women a sincere apology and a pledge before he becomes president Similar Articles 9.5.2016 Man who went over Allagash Falls and lived is my new hero 8.23.2016 Kayaker injured after plunging over Allagash Falls 6.15.2015 Canoe buddies plan final Allagash trip to honor late friend 4.4.2012 Shorter Allagash adventures worthwhile 12.7.2012 Idaho duck hunter survives hypothermia More in Living   Leon Russell, musician known for dynamic performances, dies at 74   Five decades and 200 films later, Jackie Chan ‘finally’ wins Oscar   Across the continent in 80 hours: Bangor grad’s high-altitude balloon lands near Maine border   Grateful for the roof over their heads, Bangor-area artists raise funds to repair it   Bangor Historical Society lecture will feature General Hiram Berry Bangor Daily News Archives News Business Sports Outdoors Homestead TV Listings Obituaries Things to Do Custom Publications Weather Storm Cancellations About Us BDN History BDN 120 Years Contact Us Purchase Photos Newspapers in Education Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Subscribe to the BDN Create BDN Maine Account Manage Your Account Newsletter Sign-up RSS Sales and Marketing Online Advertising and Digital Marketing Solutions Online Advertising Staff Directory Print Advertising Print Advertising Staff Directory Classifieds Custom Publications and The Weekly Creative Services-Guide to Sending Files BDN Maine Events on Facebook On Facebook The Bangor Daily News Midcoast Portland Aroostook Downeast Hancock Katahdin and Lincoln Lakes Region Food Outdoors Maine Families BDN Blogs Editorial and Opinion Maine Sports High School Sports On Twitter @bangordailynews @bdnpolitics @bdnmaineblogs @bdnmainefocus
null
null

Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AAPL FB Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Monday’s Vital Data: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) and Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Options activity provides a bit of insight on AAPL, NFLX and AMZN stock By Joseph Hargett, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Oct 10, 2016, 8:53 am EST     Popular Posts: Thursday’s Vital Data: Bank of America Corp (BAC), Apple Inc. (AAPL) and Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Play the Post-Election Rally In Intel Corporation (INTC) Stock ESPN Takes Center Stage Ahead of Walt Disney Co (DIS) Earnings Recent Posts: Thursday’s Vital Data: Bank of America Corp (BAC), Apple Inc. (AAPL) and Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Wednesday’s Vital Data: Facebook Inc (FB), Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) and Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX) ESPN Takes Center Stage Ahead of Walt Disney Co (DIS) Earnings View All Posts U.S. stock futures were mixed over the weekend, as Wall Street continued to digest the September employment report. Nonfarm payrolls added 156,000, while the unemployment rate ticked higher to 5% — nowhere near strong enough to support hawkish Federal Reserve interest-rate commentary, but not weak enough to inspire economic concern. It was a fine line to walk, and stocks appear to be walking that line once again this morning. Against this backdrop, futures on the Dow Jones Industrial Average have risen 0.13%, while S&P 500 futures were down 0.03% and Nasdaq-100 futures are up 0.12%. Friday’s options activity offered up a return to the norm in terms of overall volume, but puts were clearly in control on the session. Specifically, 13.8 million calls were dwarfed by the 14.2 million puts that changed hands on Friday. Negativity was largely absent from the CBOE, however, as the single-session equity put/call volume ratio pulled back to 0.68 from Thursday’s two-week, while the 10-day moving average ticked higher once again to 0.65. Heading up Friday’s pre-weekend speculative trading, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) options were popular following a smattering of bullish reports, including a “buy” reiteration and more positive iPhone news from a chips supplier. Meanwhile, Netflix, Inc.’s (NASDAQ:NFLX) CEO Reed Hastings said entering the Chinese market “doesn’t look good,” and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) is expected to garner $1 billion in ad revenue in 2017. Apple Inc. (AAPL) AAPL stock managed to ditch most of the malaise that spread throughout Wall Street on Friday. 7 Huge Swing Trades to Make for the Fourth Quarter The stock was bolstered by a “buy” reiteration and a $185 price target from Drexel Hamilton, which called the recent quarter Apple’s best yet. Additionally, German chips maker and iPhone 7 parts supplier Dialog Semiconductor reported higher-than-expected quarterly revenue, adding fuel to the fire for iPhone 7 demand sentiment. Speaking of sentiment, options traders remain strongly biased toward AAPL calls. On Friday, the stock saw more than 802,000 contracts change hands, with calls snapping up 62% of the day’s take. The $115 strike is the level to watch this week for AAPL call traders, as it is home to peak OI in the weekly October 14 series totaling 11,035 contracts. Overall, the weekly October 14 put/call OI ratio rests at 0.56 for AAPL, indicating that calls nearly double puts in this highly speculative series. Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) NFLX stock has some of the air taken out of its sails on Friday after CEO Reed Hastings said the prospect of Netflix entering the Chinese market didn’t look good. Netflix had been riding high on speculation that Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) would make a buyout offer for NFLX. An offer has yet to materialize. Returning to China, Hastings had this to say: “Disney, who is very good in China, had their movie service shut down. Apple, who is very good in China, had their movie service closed down. It doesn’t look good.” In addition to NFLX slipping about a quarter of a point on Friday, options traders also backed away from calls. Volume came in north of 305,000 contracts on Friday, well above the norm for NFLX, while calls only managed to eke out 58% of the day’s take — down sharply from recent highs due to DIS takeover speculation. In fact, recent call activity has driven Netflix’s October put/call open interest ratio below its three-month average north of 1.00 to a perch at 0.9 as of Friday. This week, options traders have their sights set on the $110 strike, where more than 4,500 call contracts are open in the weekly October 14 series. Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) When you think about Amazon.com, you typically think about online sales or streaming movies and TV shows from Prime. What you don’t think about is AMZN’s thriving ad business. The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Rest of 2016 But that ad business is expected to top $1 billion in 2017, according to market research firm eMarketer — a figure that analysts at RBC Capital Markets called “a good number.” AMZN has been on quite a tear this year, and it has reinvigorated bullish options activity in the shares. On Friday, Amazon saw more than 242,000 contracts cross the tape, with calls accounting for 56% of the day’s take. That said, there is still room for improvement in the sentiment department, as AMZN’s October put/call OI ratio arrives at 0.93, with calls and puts in near parity among short-term speculators. As of this writing, Joseph Hargett did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. More From InvestorPlace 5 Top Stocks to Buy for October 10 Biotech Stocks to Put on Your Radar This Quarter Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/mondays-vital-data-apple-inc-aapl-netflix-inc-nflx-and-amazon-com-inc-amzn/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Buys for 7 Donald Trump Fears That Won’t Come True 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to Trump 3 Tech Stocks Getting a Big Cash Payday 7 Blue-Chip Stocks Due for a Reckoning 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 7 CEOs Heading to the Chopping Block by '18 Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 3 Tech Stocks That Just Got a Big Cash Payday 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 3 Reasons Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Still Is a Great Buy Most Popular Most Commented 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Stocks That Will Tank Under Donald Trump 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump The Tech Reversal May Have Legs Trade of the Day: Industrial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSEARCA:XLI) General Electric Company (GE) Stock Is an Overpriced Juggernaut GrubHub Inc Stock Falls After CEO’s Anti-Trump Email to Employees Why Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Ended the Free Supercharger Ride Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
null
Politics 'We're called redneck, ignorant, racist. That's not true': Trump supporters explain why they voted for him Opinion Op-Ed Op-Ed Homeless shouldn't face job discrimination just because they lack an address Homeless Los Angeles Times Alena, 45, homeless after being laid off from her job as an administrative assistant, above the 101 freeway in downtown Los Angeles on December 23, 2015. Alena, 45, homeless after being laid off from her job as an administrative assistant, above the 101 freeway in downtown Los Angeles on December 23, 2015. (Los Angeles Times) Sarah Golabek-Goldman Jeff Johnson served in the military for six years and then moved to Washington, D.C., where he found work in the construction industry. After suffering serious injuries in a robbery, however, he lost his job and became homeless. Johnson applied for many entry-level positions without success, and he now suspects why: There was a telltale black mark on his paperwork. “If employers saw the address of a [homeless] shelter, they would say I am on drugs or have a mental illness,” he said. “A lot of people look down at people like myself. So I gave up hope.” Johnson’s plight is not unusual, as countless homeless people across the nation find themselves shut out of the workforce when potential employers spot their address — or the lack of one. At least there’s a simple solution: Employers could just stop asking for this information in the early stages of the application process.   A 2014 survey showed 70.4% of homeless respondents felt that they had been discriminated against by private businesses based on housing status. As part of a recent study, I reviewed the online application forms for 40 of the nation’s largest low-wage employers, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Starbucks Corp. and Target Corp. Each requires applicants to provide an address, and prevents them from proceeding to the next step without registering one. I also conducted dozens of detailed interviews with homeless individuals and, in collaboration with Trisha Matthieu of Feeding America, surveyed 2,339 people living in poverty across the country. While the homeless face many challenges, respondents frequently referred to discrimination based on homeless status as a significant hardship. One homeless job applicant in New Haven commented, “Everyone uses the shelter address but the moment [employers] see that . . . there is a red flag .... No ... there is a black flag on your resume.” Other surveys have reported similar results. Veterans in one study identified the requirement of a permanent address and employers’ distrust of people residing in temporary shelters as a considerable barrier to attaining self-sufficiency. The National Coalition for the Homeless reported in 2014 that 70.4% of homeless respondents felt that they had been discriminated against by private businesses based on housing status. And these are more than mere suspicions. “Once employers find out that a job applicant lives in a homeless shelter, so many have told me that they can’t hire them,” said Glynn Coleman, an employment specialist at the Union Rescue Mission in Los Angeles. “Several employers refuse to engage with our residents if they don’t have an address or reside on skid row.” Employers of course deserve to know where their workers live, if only to find them in an emergency or conduct background checks. But there’s no good reason for them to require an address on initial applications. Employers rarely send applicants paperwork or contact them with an urgent matter before they hire them. Besides, employers almost always contact applicants through email. Nor do employers need an address to make sure applicants could feasibly arrive at work on time. Applicants who apply for jobs from which they can be fired at will know that they must be prompt, regardless of where they reside. Even without an address, employers can contact former managers to assess the applicant’s reliability and stability. Employers might also believe that homelessness is a proxy for a host of negative qualities, like addiction to banned substances. But research consistently indicates that the leading causes of homelessness include lack of affordable housing and domestic violence (hardly reasons to rule out an applicant).  And employers can specify on applications, as many already do, that employment is contingent upon passing a drug test or background check. It’s now a progressive goal to help criminal offenders re-enter society through so-called Ban the Box policies. (That’s a reference to the box applicants are asked to check if they have been convicted of a crime.) Employers, the theory goes, should let applicants demonstrate their qualifications before asking about their records. Shouldn’t homeless applicants likewise have a chance to prove themselves before revealing their lack of address? Ban the Address would encourage homeless individuals to search for work without the threat of automatic disqualification. Employers might now be ignoring the best candidates. People who have lost their homes are often conscientious and reliable employees, and even the chronically homeless can excel at work with appropriate support and training. By hiring homeless individuals, employers can also show that they are part of the solution to a pressing social problem. When Target and Wal-Mart eliminated inquiries about criminal record history from initial job applications, other businesses followed suit. A similar push to Ban the Address would give homeless job applicants like Jeff Johnson hope of obtaining employment and getting off the streets — an outcome that businesses should support by making an eminently simple change. Sarah Golabek-Goldman is a recent JD-MBA graduate of Yale Law School and the Yale School of Management. She will publish an article on this subject, “Ban the Address Combating Employment Discrimination Against the Homeless,” in the spring edition of the Yale Law Journal.  Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss Donald Trump wins the presidency, we show you how your neighbors voted, thousands protest in Los Angeles, Kamala Harris is heading to Washington, FBI director James Comey has a rocky future, California's passed some major bills, and Robert Durst appears in a Los Angeles court on murder charges     Donald Trump wins the presidency, we show you how your neighbors voted, thousands protest in Los Angeles, Kamala Harris is heading to Washington, FBI director James Comey has a rocky future, California's passed some major bills, and Robert Durst appears in a Los Angeles court on murder charges     Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss Donald Trump wins the presidency, we show you how your neighbors voted, thousands protest in Los Angeles, Kamala Harris is heading to Washington, FBI director James Comey has a rocky future, California's passed some major bills, and Robert Durst appears in a Los Angeles court on murder charges     Donald Trump wins the presidency, we show you how your neighbors voted, thousands protest in Los Angeles, Kamala Harris is heading to Washington, FBI director James Comey has a rocky future, California's passed some major bills, and Robert Durst appears in a Los Angeles court on murder charges     Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss President Obama and Donald Trump have their first meeting, what Donald Trump can and can't do with his presidential powers, George Takei donate 70 years of memorabilia to the Japanese American National Museum, and what scientists learned by tickling rats.  President Obama and Donald Trump have their first meeting, what Donald Trump can and can't do with his presidential powers, George Takei donate 70 years of memorabilia to the Japanese American National Museum, and what scientists learned by tickling rats.  Caption President Obama and Donald Trump in the Oval Office President Obama and Donald Trump discuss their visit at the White House President Obama and Donald Trump discuss their visit at the White House Caption Watch: Interview with combatants outside of Mosul Times reporter Molly Hennessy-Fiske interviews ISIS fighter and speaks with Iraqi military on the east side of Mosul. Times reporter Molly Hennessy-Fiske interviews ISIS fighter and speaks with Iraqi military on the east side of Mosul. Caption Thousands of students stage walkouts in protest of Donald Trump's victory Thousands of high school students flooded the streets of L.A. County on Thursday. They marched in protest of Donald Trump’s victory in the U.S. presidential election. Thousands of high school students flooded the streets of L.A. County on Thursday. They marched in protest of Donald Trump’s victory in the U.S. presidential election. Follow the Opinion section on Twitter @latimesopinion or Facebook Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016, Los Angeles Times Homelessness Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Listen up, Californians. You’re not really moving to Canada. This is our country too Will Measure M lead to gentrification and displacement across L.A. County? Trump: The whole world is watching, anxiously Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Orange County Opinion Place An Ad 74°
null
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / Opinions / LTE: Clearfield United Way Says Thank You LTE: Clearfield United Way Says Thank You Posted on Wednesday, October 12, 2016 by Gant Team in Opinions Dear Editor: We would like to say thank you so much to people for making our 13th annual Clearfield Area United Way “Jeans for Teens” Project an incredible success! We were again able to help make a difference in the lives of area youth.  We would like to thank area agencies, which worked with us to get participants for the project. We would like to thank manager Josh Kunkle and his associates of the Wal-Mart Supercenter for providing extra school supplies to the participants. Also, we would like to thank JCPenney Manager Penny Staples and Rhonda Hamilton for extra clothing items and assistance with the teens. Most of all, we want to thank Rob Kurtz, who has partnered with us to keep the program viable. We were able to again make a difference, and everyone had fun afternoons. That’s what matters – the spirit of United Way is helping others. If you would like to make a tax-deductible contribution to help keep the program going, please mail a check with “Jeans for Teens” in the memo line to CAUW, 18 N. Second St., P.O. Box 1430, Clearfield, PA 16830. Thank you and sincerely, Deb Bowser, CAUW Board President Nancy Pinto, Chief Professional Officer Trump's ghost will haunt the GOP -- and possibly kill it Trump, get your facts right on Central Park jogger case Related Posts Tom Hayden never lost his passion for social justice Investing in better teachers makes sense Welcome to the GOP’s fear parade Why Glenn Frey’s death shakes us Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Endorsements Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Opinion Polls Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Today Subscribe Newsletter Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Endorsements Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Opinion Polls Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Douglas County Crime Blotter: Pharmacist sniffs… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Today’s forecast Tax for miles driven Texas luxury bunkers Anti-Trump protests Broncos need Adam Gotsis Photos: Anti-Trump protest News YourHub Douglas County Crime Blotter: Pharmacist sniffs out fake painkiller prescription Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Douglas County Crime Blotter: Pharmacist sniffs out fake painkiller prescription By Provided by Law Enforcement October 11, 2016 at 5:21 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular CDOT to test the idea of taxing drivers by the mile instead of at the pump Everything you need to know to enjoy the supermoon Sunday night Donald Trump’s support from blue-collar Colorado voters led to upset in a Democratic stronghold After claiming she was groped, Taylor Swift struggled over whether to seek charges against man Lead grows more for Denver’s social marijuana use measure, but 47,000 ballots still not counted Schools report racist incidents in wake of Donald Trump election Call me maybe. A pharmacist at Safeway, 880 S. Perry St., Castle Rock, reported a woman tried to obtain a large number of pain pills with an apparent fake prescription Sept. 29. The woman, who was gone when police arrived, was very nervous when passing the prescription and provided a number to a doctor’s office that went to an outgoing voicemail recorded in her own voice. Garage door of opportunity. A resident of the 1500 block of Bennet Mountain Road, Castle Rock, reported that someone came into her open garage and entered her car sometime between 4:30 and 7:30 p.m. Sept. 28. The trespasser stole the remote opener for the garage door and $5 in change from the car. The residents reprogrammed their garage door. Wallet walks away at Walmart. A woman’s wallet went missingSept. 30  after she set it down on a table of clothes and briefly forgot about it at Walmart, 133 Sam Walton Lane, Castle Rock. The wallet contained her credit cards, Social Security card and $40 in cash. Related Articles October 11, 2016 Family sues ex-Rocky Ford cop, former chief and city in on-duty police shooting death October 11, 2016 Autopsy: Unarmed man shot by Tulsa police was high on PCP October 11, 2016 Lakewood police investigate possible suicide of 23-year-old man at shooting range Hope thief has same prescription. A man living in the 9200 block of Windsor Way, Highlands Ranch, was awakened Sept. 23 by the sound of someone closing a car door. The next morning, her entered his car to find his prescription sunglasses — valued at $350 — had been stolen. Back taxes scam continues. A man living at an undisclosed address in Douglas County fell victim to a phone scam Sept. 27. He received an automated voicemail saying a warrant would be issued for his arrest if he did not pay $1,300 in back taxes. He bought $1,300 in iTunes gift cards and texted the codes to the scammers before realizing he had been fooled. Tags:  crime blotter Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off blog comments powered by Disqus More in YourHub Work on Levitt Pavilion amphitheater underway in Ruby Hill Park November 10, 2016, 5:54 pm It’s been an idea nearly five years in the making, but the Levitt Pavilion amphitheater at Ruby Hill Park will soon be a reality and should be open in July 2017. CU Denver engineering program renews partnership with Wheat Ridge High November 09, 2016, 3:55 pm Wheat Ridge High School and the University of Colorado Denver’s engineering program are renewing their partnership for two years to have instructors and students from the university work with STEM students in Wheat Ridge. Jefferson County still counting votes for county commissioner seats November 09, 2016, 8:27 pm Jefferson County commissioners Libby Szabo and Casey Tighe are leading in races to retain their seat, but the clerk and recorder’s office still has 16,000 to 18,000 ballots left to count from last night. 85-year-old Brighton doctor spends retirement developing product to help those with incontinence November 09, 2016, 9:33 am A retired ophthalmologist who has lived and practiced in Brighton for more than five decades is devoting all of his time to an invention that the 85-year-old doctor created as an alternative to adult diapers for people who are bedridden and can’t go to the bathroom by themselves. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2016 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get the 8@8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Money Stories» The Trans-Pacific Partnership Is Dead These 7 Countries Have No McDonald's Locations Dow Ends Day Up 39 When to Offer $10,415.87 Instead of $10K for a Car This Is the World's Busiest Day for Online Shopping Dow Closes at Record High Border Wall Maker's Share Price Jumps After Trump Win Man Guilty of Making Off With $165K of Gold in His Butt Mexico: We're Still Not Paying for Trump's Wall GM Laying Off 2K Due to Change in How We Buy Cars India's Shocking Move to Catch Tax Evaders Stocks Surge After Trump Win Money / Amazon Go to Grid|Next Story Tech Giant Is Getting Into the Convenience Store Game Sources say Amazon wants to expand further into grocery market By Michael Harthorne,  Newser Staff Posted Oct 11, 2016 5:49 PM CDT 8 comments Comments    (iStock) (Newser) – Amazon is about to expand ever further into the grocery business in a big way, sources tell the Wall Street Journal. Plans include opening convenience stores where shoppers can grab perishable groceries (milk, meat, fruit, etc.) to take home while using their mobile phones or touchscreens inside the store to order non-perishable goods (cereal, peanut butter, etc.) for same-day delivery. The company is also looking into opening drive-in locations where Amazon Fresh customers can have their grocery orders delivered to their cars. Quartz reports that Walmart has a similar grocery pickup service at approximately 400 locations nationally. But a grocery analyst says don't get too excited for an Amazon grocery store on every corner. “There’s no particular advantage to Amazon to open physical stores," Jim Prevor tells USA Today. Instead, he says its more about market research than actually opening locations around the country. For instance, only three drive-up grocery locations are planned: two in California and one in Seattle. Still, groceries are seen as—in Quartz's words—"the holy grail of online shopping," with experts predicting drastically increasing sales in the coming years. Amazon has been delivering groceries to customers' homes through Amazon Fresh for nine years. Report a story error My Take on This Story Show results without voting  |   4% Hilarious 27% Intriguing 2% Depressing 15% Brilliant 4% Scary 48% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 8 comments Next on Newser: Soylent Food Bars Making People Violently, Mysteriously Sick Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 8 comments Eat_Eateator Oct 12, 2016 9:57 AM CDT Hopefully Amazon will continue exploiting retards like all the grocery stores I've ever been to. bigdaddie47 Oct 12, 2016 1:03 AM CDT Local grocery chain has call in service and pickup at the spot on the end of the sidewalk. JUNIORHIGHTOWERTEXAN Oct 11, 2016 10:51 PM CDT this amzan company they aint a real company they aint build nothings they aint a company that makes anything a company that builts stuff like Texas Instruments or Dell Computators they build stuff even that stupid company thats in a garage in cafliornia builts stuff once but they is almost goan to be almost broke again If I want food I go to Piggly Wiggly and gets some food grown in TEXAS TEXAS GROWN TEXAS BEST View all 8 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser Scientists Discover Giant Antarctic Sea Monster 1 Paul McCartney Died 50 Years Ago This Week 2 Trump Backs Away From Major Pledges 3 Family Says They've Found Remains of Missing Hiker 4 The Trans-Pacific Partnership Is Dead 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Donald Trump’s Muslim Ban Proposal Restored to Website Man Convicted Of Murdering Girlfriend After Singing ‘I Used to Love Her, But I Had to Kill Her’ WATCH: Snake Falls From Ceiling on Flight in Mexico Michelle Obama for 2020? How Foreign Leaders Are Prepping for the Next President The Simpsons Predicted a Trump Presidency 16 Years Ago The Rise of DIY Prostitution in Italy Partner Links Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners Bomb Scare Evacuates Walmart In Secaucus Anti-Trump Protests Continue For Fifth Straight Day In NYC Stranded Bruce Springsteen Saved By Group Of NJ Bikers Go to CBS Local The Hells Angels of the Skate World? JAK'S Team Begs to Differ. Leonard Cohen's Darkness Is a Beacon When One Party Held All Branches of Government ... and Still Stalled Go to Ozy Fans of “Fixer Upper” will love this news, but Chip and Joanna Gaines really... Fans are mourning the passing of a true music icon Watch this guy completely humiliate a reporter who claims PTSD after firing an... Go to Rare Who Couldn't Use Some Empowering Illustrations Right Now? Fact: Being Opinionated or Bossy Doesn’t Mean You’re on Your Period A Playlist (Plus Snack Suggestions) for Every Party Mood Go to Greatist Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get the 8@8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2016 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
Home News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Elections Entertainment Heroin Crisis Hollywood Today Live News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Text Alerts Email Alerts JobsNOW 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Textbook Weather Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week Big 22 High school football standings Diamond Kings Starting Five Report It Photo Galleries Community Halloween Holiday events Breast Cancer Awareness Community Events Community Calendar Caring For Our Community More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Get TV ION Television LAFF Tributes 41° F Clear Hi: 54° F Lo: 30° F Youngstown Radar Current Conditions Satellite Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Elections Entertainment Heroin Crisis Hollywood Today Live News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Text Alerts Email Alerts JobsNOW Featured: Campaign 2016 Latest Headlines What exactly is Narcan? Updated: 23 mins ago Sunday evening, people in Mercer County learned just that from the Mercer County Coalition for Drug Awareness. Benefit dinner held for sick Mahoning County Sheriff’s deputy Updated: 23 mins ago A spaghetti dinner benefited Lenny Burke, who was diagnosed with stage four cancer recently. Red Cross aiding Youngstown family that lost its home Updated: 26 mins ago Youngstown shop provides dinner, gives turkeys as ‘thank you’ 5:36 pm Warren PD: Late night shooting results in 1 fatality 6:54 pm 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Textbook Weather Current Conditions 41° F Clear Feels Like: 36° F Wind: SSW 7 Humidity: 49% Dewpoint: 23° F Sunrise: 7:08 AM Sunset: 5:05 PM Youngstown Weather Interactive Radar Sponsored by: Sports Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week Big 22 High school football standings Diamond Kings Starting Five Featured: High school football schedules Latest Headlines Elliott scores twice late, Cowboys top Steelers 35-30 8:13 pm The former Ohio State running back scored the game-winning TD with just nine seconds remaining. 2016-17 Howland Girls’ Basketball Preview 7:30 pm Howland welcomes back four starters including Sara Price. 2016-17 Poland Girls’ Basketball Preview 7:18 pm 2016-17 Fitch Girls’ Basketball Preview 7:07 pm James, Frye rally Cavaliers past Hornets, 100-93 7:05 pm Report It Photo Galleries Community Halloween Holiday events Breast Cancer Awareness Community Events Community Calendar Caring For Our Community More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Get TV ION Television LAFF Tributes Search for: Search the site 41° F Clear Hi: 54° F Lo: 30° F Child-hunger top priority for Food Warehouse of Mercer County The Backpack Program, which makes efforts to feed children on weekends, celebrated an $88,000 grant from Walmart on Tuesday By James Santelli Published: October 11, 2016, 6:51 pm Updated: October 11, 2016, 7:46 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) SHARON, Pa. (WKBN) – The problem of chronic hunger is getting worse in the Valley. Especially for kids. School district officials tell WKBN that more kids need free and reduced lunches every year — which shows that more kids are going hungry when they’re not in school. Community Food Warehouse of Mercer County is ramping up its efforts to fight the problem. “We have kids who cry because they don’t know when they’re going to get fed,” Tresa Templeton, business manager of Sharon City Schools, said. During the week, underprivileged kids can get free meals at school. But what about when the weekend comes? “Sometimes those children don’t eat from Friday at lunchtime until Monday morning at breakfast back at school,” said MiMi Prada of Community Food Warehouse. That’s where the Backpack Program at Mercer County Food Warehouse comes in. This is their eighth year running the program, as they’ve been operating since 2009. “It’s a burden released from them,” Prada said. “They know where their food is coming from on the weekend.” Volunteers filled 500 bags on Tuesday, which will be going right to kids in eight Mercer County school districts this weekend: Sharon, Sharpsville, West Middlesex, Reynolds, Greenville, Lakeview, New Wilmington and Commodore Perry. “We’re one of the poorest districts in the state,” Templeton said. “Our kids need this, so we thank everybody who has helped.” The Backpack Program helps more and more kids every year. On Tuesday, it celebrated an $88,000 grant from Walmart. Employees from the Hermitage store volunteered to fill bags. “Always happy to get out of the store, get out of the community and actually have a little fun and help out along the way,” said Mark Falesnick, Walmart’s store manager. “We know where our next meal is coming from,” Prada said. “A child who has no control over that doesn’t know.” The money from Walmart is enough to feed almost 400 kids in Mercer County every weekend for a school year. Also, it costs $225 to feed one child on the weekends through the school year. But that just takes a small bite of the problem. The Food Warehouse says they’re always looking for more donors and volunteers, especially as we move closer to the holidays. If you are interested in donating your time to pack or if you or your organization would like to sponsor children for the Backpack Program, contact Lauren Beran (program & volunteer coordinator) at 724-981-0353. If you or your organization is specifically interested in sponsoring a child/children in the Sharon School District, make checks payable to: Sharon Backpack Food Program and mail to: Sharon Backpack Food Program First Presbyterian Church of Sharon 600 E. State St. #1 Sharon, PA 16146   Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts New Salem nonprofit reaching out to disadvantaged kids Sharon and Ellwood City schools approved to have overdose reversal drug Heroin epidemic leaves growing number of kids without parents Ohioans urged to join the fight against hunger this month Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WKBN 27 First News provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. No links will be permitted. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Advertisement Most Popular Photo Galleries Photos: November arrests Photos: East Palestine defeats league rival Crestview Photos: October arrests Severe Weather: September 10, 2016 Photos: September arrests Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKBN.com © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Weather Sports MyValleyDeals MyValleyDining Tributes Station Contact Us Report It Mobile Text Alerts Email Alerts WKBN weather app Admin Business Closed Captioning FCC Public File (WKBN) WKBN EEO Report WKBN FCC 398 Children’s Report Privacy Policy Terms of Use Media General Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Grocery Store Tours Educate Families on Nutrition - WBOY - Clarksburg, Morgantown: News, Sports, Weather Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home News Crime & Courts Accidents & Fires Business & Economy Special Reports Weather 7-Day Forecast Your Weather Outlook Live Doppler Radar Predictor Local Temperatures Regional Satellite Satellite Regional Temperatures School Closings National Temperatures Warnings Map Sports High School Football Scores 12 SportsZone Extra High School Sports National Sports West Virginia Illustrated Community Buckle Your Baby For Life Community Calendar "Celebrating Volunteers" Brought to You by The Miley Legal Group 12 News at Noon Interviews Video Contests What's On About Us Work With Us Meet the Team WBOY Alumni EEO and Public Reports FCC Public Inspection File Grocery Store Tours Educate Families on Nutrition Posted: Tuesday, October 11, 2016 5:16 PM EDT Updated: Tuesday, October 11, 2016 5:52 PM EDT By Kathryn Ghion, General Assignment Reporter BioEmail Connect Biography kghion@wboy.com The WVU Extension Service Family Nutrition Program has expanded their classes for families. The Family Nutrition Program received a $3,000 Share Our Strength Grant from Walmart that has allowed them to include grocery store tours as part of their nutrition classes for limited resource families. In the store families will compare prices and labels to maximize their budget while making healthy choices. “We can take them around. We can do the  unit pricing comparison and the label reading and comparing product one to another to determine what is gonna be the healthiest choice for their family given the budget that they have,” said Gina Wood with the WVU Extension Service. The grocery store tour will be the conclusion of six classes for children and eight classes for adults that focus on nutrition, healthy lifestyles, label reading and incorporating physical activity into everyday life. At the end of the grocery store tour, families participate in the $10 challenge. Each person gets a gift card and then has to purchase  healthy groceries that meet the guidelines they have learned for healthy eating. “Putting some of the strategies and skills that we’ve learned into practice, I think it really brings things home,” Wood said. “Then to be able to receive the groceries and the recipes and then to be able to go home and cook a meal for a family I think it’s just it’s meeting a basic need.” The Family Nutrition Program has 20 instructors and reaches 30 counties in West Virginia. Clarksburg Studio 904 West Pike Street Clarksburg, WV 26301 Main (304) 623-3311 Fax (304) 624-6152(Clarksburg) Fax (304) 225-2522(Morgantown) Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 WorldNow and WBOY Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Menu Topics Biomedicine Business Computing Energy Mobile Robotics 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Business Amazon Wants to Disrupt the Bodega As part of its push into brick-and-mortar shops, the online retailer plans to start opening its own convenience stores. by Michael Reilly October 11, 2016 First it was books. Then Amazon started selling music, gadgets, household items, and ultimately just about anything you could imagine purchasing at a store. The incredible expansion of its retail offerings ate up businesses by offering customers something that people value above all else (even, it turns out, value itself): convenience. Now, as if to underscore the point, Amazon is coming for the convenience store. Having crushed the business of selling books through brick-and-mortar stores only to resuscitate it through its own company-branded stores, Amazon has set out to disrupt bodegas, as part of a much larger attempt to eat the business of selling you things to eat. Amazon brought the bookstore back and is ow looking to start a line of convenience stores. You can already buy plenty of tasty food items on Amazon.com, of course. But it’s a much more limited selection than you can find in grocery stores, particularly lacking perishable items. And as the Wall Street Journal points out, people who subscribe to Amazon Prime spend about $2,500 a year with the company—a bit less than half of the $5,500 that each American household spends annually on grocery stores visits. That’s a gargantuan market—something not lost on the nation’s biggest food retailer, Walmart, which the Journal estimates will sell $140 billion worth of groceries in 2016. Amazon wants a piece. The grocery business is a low-margin business that’s packed with competitors—Walmart, for example, is getting set to let people order online and pick items up at the curb. Amazon has been experimenting with grocery delivery through its Fresh service for several years now. Citing anonymous sources inside the company, the Journal piece says that Amazon is going to introduce some combination of drive-through grocery pickup at its new stores and same-day delivery of items direct to people’s houses. But Amazon probably isn’t looking to get rich by just selling people apples. Its plans for alimentary domination are a way to get people into its stores, record their buying habits, and keep them coming back for food and more profitable items. If it works—and, it’s worth bearing in mind, various same-day delivery services have been tried before—it will be a very convenient arrangement. (Read more: Wall Street Journal, “Walmart’s Robotic Shopping Carts Are the Latest Sign That Automation Is Eating Commerce,” “Amazon’s Algorithms Don’t Find You the Best Deals”) From Our Advertisers In partnership with Dynatrace Emerging Trend Analysis: What is Digital Performance Management? In partnership with Google Analytics Data Analytics and Machine Learning: Driving Speed to Insight Sponsored by Lenovo Trend Roundup: Data Storage and the Cloud Tagged Amazon, retail, food consumption Credit Photograph by Stephen Brashear | Getty Michael Reilly Senior Editor, News and Commentary Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $2 per month. Insider Online Only $19.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. Business Technologies are revolutionizing how we work and how companies operate. Silicon Valley’s Call to Secede Shows How Out of Touch It Is Clamoring for California to leave the U.S. is little better than Donald Trump’s plan to build a border wall with Mexico. by Jamie Condliffe Six Big Technology Questions for President Trump We know very few specifics about our next leader’s stance on many technology policies. by Mike Orcutt Election Day’s Tech-Related Triumphs—and Failures Regardless of your take on the presidential result, the ballot delivered some scattered news for U.S. innovation at the local level. by Jamie Condliffe More from Business The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .

Make Canoe my Homepage Twitter Facebook RSS Français Canoe - CNEWS Canoe News News Videos Photos National World Good News Science Crime Weird News Videos The Box Office Benefits From Veterans Day And A... Reince Priebus will be Donald Trump's chief of... These Little Satellites Could Help Us Learn How... News Trump to deport, jail up to 3 million illegal... 1 dead after multi-vehicle crash on Hwy. 401 in... Will Canadians become 'roadkill' for Donald Trump? Hot Topics Burning cubs start fire Burning bear cubs start fire in California Hate mail targets BLM The controversial activist group that stalled... Showbiz Showbiz Celebrities Television Movies Music Books Theatre Videos Photos Videos Heidi Klum Shows Up With Clones to Halloween Party Lindsay Lohan Wears Only Lingerie For Halloween Khloé Kardashian Offended Everyone on Halloween News Aniston's husband posts 'F--- Brad Pitt' on... Tragically Hip documentary coming out next year Bryan Cranston will move to Canada if Donald... Hot Topics Ben Affleck drops F-bombs in... Affleck slurs through rant Pamela Anderson, Tommy Lee... Pam & Tommy made $0 off sex tape Sports Sports Videos Photos Scoreboard Hockey Wrestling Football Baseball Basketball Videos Raptors squeak one out over Nuggets Raptors Overcome by Cavs Anderson leaves Sens for personal reasons News Genie Bouchard strips down as Kim Kardashian for... Rousey hints at upcoming retirement: 'The show... Ray Allen, the top 3-point shooter in NBA... Hot Topics Chad Johnson not happy with... Chad Johnson not happy with TSN Kessel blasts 'embarrassing,... Kessel blasts embarrassing media Money Money Videos Photos Videos Mariah Carey and James Packer are Discussing... Daniel Craig Says He Would 'Miss it Terribly' to... Which Celebs are the Most Frugal with Their... News CIBC to repay $73M after overcharging clients for... More local investors buying Toronto condos than... Twitter cutting 9% of staff, killing off Vine Hot Topics Amazon work culture Could happen here iPod demoted Put with chargers Lifestyle Lifestyle Style & Beauty Food & Drink Love & Sex Living Horoscopes Comics Puzzles Royals Videos Heidi Klum Shows Up With Clones to Halloween Party Rob Kardashian Under Investigation For Threats... Miley Cyrus Says Diamond Engagement Ring Isn't... News Prince Harry cancels trip to see Meghan Markle in... Relationship goes from 'poly' to zero Tinder to blame for syphilis spike? Hot Topics Rate the look: Celebrity look... Rate the look: Celebrity look of th day Rate the style: Celebrity... Rate the style: Celebrity look of the day Health Travel Travel Destinations Activities News Tips & Trends Tools Videos Photos Videos News WestJet's new direct flights to Belize set to... Could travellers soon be visiting a real-life... Australia's South Coast offers both creatures and... Hot Topics TRIVIA Can you ID the provincial flags? HOTELS 11 things Canadians forget most Driving Tech Tech Tech News Video Games Mobile Reviews Videos Photos Videos Raw: Deadly Train Crash in Egypt A Houston Mom Found Security Footage Of Her... Deep-Space Exploration Requires Habitats, And... News BlackBerry to install QNX software in more Ford... 6 games to scare yourself with on Halloween Lonely men are hitting on virtual assistants Videos Photos Videos Photos National World Good News Science Crime Weird News Today's News Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Florida man arrested after losing his pants with ID in pockets Columbus Henderson. (Handout Photo) Latest News Police nab man accused of assaulting sleeping women in hotel Warriena Wright's last moments recorded on night she fell to her death during Tinder date Florida girl, 4, allegedly abducted by 'West Wild Hogs,' found safe Share Postmedia Network Oct 11, 2016 , Last Updated: 3:21 PM ET The ubiquitous Florida Man has been the butt of jokes for years. Getting into trouble with cops, stealing, drugging, sexting and providing hours of amusement to everyone outside the southern state. Now, The Smoking Gun has turned up what may be the ultimate Florida Man story. Cops say that a 350-pound Florida Man fled a Fort Lauderdale Walmart with two stolen TVs but things went awry went he lost his pants — into which he’d tucked his ID — as he sprinted away. And when cops finally caught him, they discovered a crack pipe stuffed with Brillo up his bum. Columbus Henderson, 45, the going-for-it amateur gangsta, allegedly made off with two 40-inch Hisense TVs. “The entire incident was captured on video,” police said, adding it took a week to catch the corpulent crook and that he fessed up to the crack pipe. His prior arrests include: aggravated battery, robbery, theft, possession of drug paraphernalia, and driving without a license. Videos The Box Office Benefits From Veterans Day And A Little Election Stress Reince Priebus will be Donald Trump's chief of staff These Little Satellites Could Help Us Learn How Deadly Hurricanes Form One Year After The Paris Attacks, France's State Of Emergency Remains Jackie Chan Finally Got His Oscar Here's What Trump Is Saying About Immigration Post-Election Colombia And FARC Rebels Try Again With New Peace Agreement The US Will Take In Some Refugees Stuck In Australia's Island Camps Everyone Wants To Know Trump's Pick For Chief Of Staff Calls To LGBTQ Suicide And Crisis Hotlines Spike After Election Day President Obama Officially Deserts The TPP Trade Deal What Some In The Sports World Are Saying About Trump's Win Previous Next More Videos Photos Thousands rally in more anti-Trump protests Thousands take to streets to protest Trump U.S. election: The best newspaper front pages from around the world 2016 U.S. Presidential Election Beyonce and Jay Z host concert for Hillary Clinton 'Princesses' see royal wish come true for a day in Winnipeg Hugging, playing with bears as natural as petting your dog, says U.S. man Hurricane Matthew pummels Florida Poutine-eating contest sets a new record Prince William and Kate Middleton in Haida Gwaii, B.C. A look back at the Amanda Knox trial Caterpillar that looks like Donald Trump found in Amazon Previous Next More Photos Ads VIDEOS Most popular Latest stories Good NewsAlbertan wins $50M Lotto Max jackpot CrimeCRIME HUNTER: Low-rent Bonnie and Clyde leave behind charred corpse, giving victim the nickname 'Burn Barrel Bob' WorldOPINION: Why Clinton couldn't lose, and then did WorldHillary Clinton blames FBI Director James Comey for losing election CrimeAdmitted sex offender, accused of killing 7, ran successful real estate business Canada1 dead, '10 or more' hospitalized after Highway 401 crash in Mississauga, Ont. CanadaAstronomer: Supermoon 'not much of an event at all' WorldAnti-Trump protests continue in U.S. cities CanadaBreak-in reported at Kellie Leitch's home CanadaWARMINGTON: Ont. radio station offers home to all Trump-hating celebs - except Lena Dunham Ads Weather Montréal Choose your city 5 days forecast °c °c °c °c °c Burning question Are you satisfied with the U.S. election results? Yes No Submit Results Newsletter subscription Your daily dose of what's hot on Canoe.com. You'll get everything from daily features and top headlines. Sign up today ! Ads Canoe Top Headlines slam Demotion of Quinn a ridiculous decision showbiz Chappelle talks Trump, parodies 'Walking Dead' news Thousands rally in more anti-Trump protests news Clinton blames FBI director for election loss Canoe SunMedia is a member of Horoscopes Driving Classifieds Your Life Moments Your Life Moments Blogs.com flyer city News Showbiz Sports Money Lifestyle Travel Tech Games Health Videos Classifieds Life Moments Flyercity Partners Comics Crosswords Horoscopes Movie Listings Lottos Scores TV Listings Weather Follow Us Google Plus Facebook RSS Canoe Showbiz Sports Tech Travel Money Canoe Mobile Canoe.com is available on iPhone, iPad and Android About Canoe Sitemap Privacy Policy Find Help Copyright © 2016 All Rights Reserved

You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home About Us Contact Us Rewards Advertise Subscribe Submission Forms e-Edition News Local CNMI Pacific Weather Sunday Post Arts & Culture Columns Events Film / TV Food Lifestyle Literature Music News Features Profiles Travel Business Real Estate Technology Stock Market The Globe Philippines/Asia Nation World Forum Editorial Featured Columnists Letters to the Editor Entertainment Movies Lifestyle Odd News Food Community Classifieds Obituaries Event Calendar Sports Local Nation World Multimedia Photo Gallery Timelines Video Gallery From Readers Submit News About Us Contact Us Subscribe Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout e-Edition 83° Clear Barrigada, GU (96913) Today Thunderstorms likely. High 86F. Winds E at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 90%.. Tonight Scattered thunderstorms this evening becoming more widespread overnight. Low 79F. Winds E at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 80%. Updated: November 14, 2016 @ 2:54 am Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Rewards Advertise Subscribe Submission Forms e-Edition News Local CNMI Pacific Weather Sunday Post Arts & Culture Columns Events Film / TV Food Lifestyle Literature Music News Features Profiles Travel Business Real Estate Technology Stock Market The Globe Philippines/Asia Nation World Forum Editorial Featured Columnists Letters to the Editor Entertainment Movies Lifestyle Odd News Food Community Classifieds Place an Ad Obituaries Event Calendar Sports Local Nation World Multimedia Photo Gallery Timelines Video Gallery From Readers Submit News Close Tyson food meat products are shown in this photo illustration in Encinitas, California May 29, 2014. Reuters Meat processor Tyson Foods invests in plant-based protein maker Reuters Oct 12, 2016 (…) Tyson food meat products are shown in this photo illustration in Encinitas, California May 29, 2014. Reuters Tyson Foods Inc., the largest U.S. meat processor, took a 5 percent stake in plant-based protein maker Beyond Meat amid growing pressure on food companies to reduce environmental and health risks by changing the way they source protein. Terms of the deal were not disclosed. Manhattan Beach, California-based Beyond Meat sells plant-based burger patties, heat-and-eat meals and non-GMO soy and pea protein frozen foods at grocery chains such as Whole Foods Market Inc., Publix, Albertsons Cos Inc.'s Safeway. Other investors in the company include Bill Gates, the Humane Society of the United States, General Mills Inc.'s venture capital arm 301 Inc. and venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins. A group of 40 investors managing $1.25 trillion in assets launched a campaign in September asking 16 companies such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Unilever and Whole Foods to respond to the risks of industrial farming. Wal-Mart is Tyson's biggest customer, accounting for almost 17 percent of sales for the year ending Oct. 3, 2015. The campaign followed an Oxford University study which said $1.5 trillion in healthcare and climate change-related costs could be saved by 2050 if people reduced their reliance on meat. Online Poll Do you think the U.S. should abolish the Electoral College system? You voted: Yes, one citizen's vote should not be worth more or less than another's because of where they live. No, minorities and voters in smaller states will be under-represented. Vote View Results Back Forum Abolish the Electoral College Post News Staff 38 min ago In the midst of the discussion, analysis, hand-wringing or celebration, and protest surrounding the results of the U.S. presidential election, we would do well to remember that it was an election in which residents of Guam and the other U.S. territories could not take part. While the territo… Read more • Editorials • Featured Columnists • Letters to the Editor Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Multimedia Multimedia Video Summary Sea Surface Microlayer Cruise Updated Nov 12, 2016 (…) Multimedia Falkor BROLL - Saanich Glassy Updated Nov 12, 2016 (…) Multimedia Falkor BROLL Updated Nov 12, 2016 (…) +10 Gallery: Veteran's Day ceremony at Adelup Updated Nov 11, 2016 (…) Multimedia Veteran's Day 2016 at Adelup Nov 11, 2016 (…) The Sunday Post Click the front page of our latest Sunday Post issue below to read the e-Edition, FREE! Kids Post Click the Kids Post issue below to check out the free e-Edition! e-Edition Supplements Click the front page of our latest Special Supplement below to read the e-Edition, FREE! Most Popular Articles Images Videos Articles Female Chamorro competitor is World Master Champion, BJJ Gold Standard Man dupes tourists Settler responsibility: Non-Indigenous support for an independent Guåhan Incumbents unseated Cruz family reacts to new charges Disappointed candidates look ahead UOG exit poll shows three incumbents unseated Couple charged with drug possession GEC announces preliminary totals 2016 Guam General Election: Unofficial final results Images Videos Submit an Ad If you're interested in submitting a classified ad, click here.Submit Online Features Espanol advertorial La clave de una buena atención es un cuidador saludable Brandpoint (BPT) Updated 9 hrs ago Travel advertorial Dickens, ice slides, beaches and roller coasters: Holiday magic awaits at Galveston's Winter Wonder Island Brandpoint (BPT) Updated Nov 12, 2016 Home Improvement advertorial Elegance Made Easy By Hardwood By NAPS, North American Precis Syndicate Updated Nov 12, 2016 Real-time Stocks Sections News The Globe Forum Sports Community Multimedia Online Features Services Subscription Services Site Forms Search Contact Information postguam.com 388 S. Marine Corps Drive, Suite 301 Tamuning, Guam 96913 Phone: (671) 649-1924 Email: webmaster@postguam.com Follow Us
Home Business Directory Your Health Classifieds Obituaries eEdition Public Notices Advertising Subscriptions Sign in 57° Fair Sunday November 13, 2016 Payson Roundup | Payson, AZ Jump to content News Today's news Local Business Arts & Entertainment Education Births Couples Obituaries Payson Town Hall Star Valley Sports Opinion Letters to the editor Submit your letter Guest Comment Our View Submit Story idea Photo Engagement Wedding Anniversary Obituaries Birth Letter to the Editor Press release Roundup Blog Social Media Tourism Events Today's events Town of Payson Event Calendar Submit an event Almanac Photos/Videos Buy photos Photos Galleries Videos Archive Videos Audio Documents Outdoors Breaking News Longhorns fall in quarterfinals November 13, 2016 ADVERTISEMENT Community Almanac Tuesday, October 11, 2016 As of Tuesday, October 11, 2016 Sign in to favorite this Discuss Comment, Blog about Share this Email, Facebook, Twitter Advertisement Quilt Show This Weekend at Mazatzal Hotel & Casino The 12th Annual Rim Country Quilt Roundup opens to the public at 9 a.m., Friday, Oct 14 at the Mazatzal Hotel & Casino event center. The exhibition remains open until 5:30 p.m. on Friday and then reopens from 9 a.m. to 5:30 p.m., Saturday, Oct. 15. Admission is $5 per person, with those under 12 admitted for free. To learn more, call 928-978-3464. Ballot Measure Town Hall set The Secretary of State’s Office will have a Town Hall meeting about the General Election ballot propositions at 11 a.m., Tuesday, Oct. 11 at the Payson Messinger Funeral Home, 901 S. Westerly Rd., Payson. The meeting is free and open to the public. Registered Arizona voters will have the opportunity to vote on two ballot measures in the General Election Nov. 8, 2016 — legalizing the purchase of marijuana for all adults from licensed distributors and raising the minimum wage. The language of these ballot measures and other detailed information are available on www.Arizona.Vote. Sheriff candidates’ forum Gila County Sheriff candidates incumbent Adam Shepherd and challenger Darrell Stubbs will present their platforms and answer questions at the Payson Tea Party meeting from 6 p.m. to 7:45 p.m., Tuesday, Oct. 11 at Tiny’s Family Restaurant, 600 E. Hwy. 260.  Community members are invited to attend, for more information call 928-951-6774. School Board candidate debate The Kiwanis Club hosts a Payson Unified School District school board candidate debate at 5 p.m., Wednesday, Oct. 12 at the PUSD District Office, 902 W. Main St., Payson. Candlelight walk, program On Wednesday, Oct. 12 the community is invited to participate in Time Out’s annual candlelight walk/program honoring those who have survived the social epidemic known as domestic violence and those who have died as a result of abuse. Participants will meet at the Expedition Church parking lot, 301 S. Colcord, at 5:45 p.m., where they will be given candles and signs to carry, if desired. At 6 p.m., the assembled group will line up to begin a brief walk to McDonald’s and back to Expedition Church, where, at 6:30 p.m. a short program will be presented. Should the walk be canceled due to inclement weather, the program at the church will proceed at 6:30 p.m. as planned. For details, call Time Out at 928-472-8007. Community Breakfast Shepherd of the Pines Lutheran Church holds its monthly community breakfast at 8 a.m., Friday, Oct. 14. The church is at 507 W. Wade Lane, Payson, just south of Payson High School. For more information, contact Pastor Steve DeSanto, 928-474-5440. Shred-A-Thon The next Payson Shred-A-Thon by TNT Shredding is from 10 a.m. to noon, Friday, Oct. 14 in the parking lot of Walmart. To shred contents filling a banker’s box-size container is $6. Part of the proceeds will benefit the Sustainable Rim Country group. For more information, call Tim at 480-329-7412. Payson Lions estate sale The Payson Lions will have an estate sale starting at 7 a.m., Friday, Oct. 14 and Saturday, Oct. 15 at 512 E. Saguaro Circle. There will be home furnishings; area rugs; metal patio set; small flat screen TV; golf equipment; upright freezer; garden tools; and much more. For details, call 602-758-4242. Quilt Roundup Payson’s 12th Annual Rim Country Quilt Roundup is Friday, Oct. 14 and Saturday, Oct. 15 at the Mazatzal Hotel & Casino, Payson. The exhibition is from 9 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. both days and admission is $5 per person, with those under 12 admitted for free. In addition to exquisite quilting from around the Southwest, the show features a vendor mall and shop hop, a special lecture by noted quilter Ann Petersen, plus quilt appraisals. Presenting sponsors of the exhibition are Gila County District 1 Supervisor Tommie Cline Martin, the Payson Church of the Nazarene and Mazatzal Hotel & Casino. To learn more, go to www.quiltroundup.com or call 928-978-3464. Soroptimist event The Soroptimist of Zane Grey Country are presenting a special evening of gifts and wine at Head to Toe Essentials, 904 N. Beeline Hwy., Payson from 4 p.m. to 7 p.m., Friday, Oct. 14. The evening will feature handmade items from Uganda and more. Holiday cooking class At a special benefit holiday cooking class at 9:30 a.m., Saturday, Oct. 15 participants will be making eggnog, flambé, baked cheese, etc. Presented by Friends of Rim Country Gila Community College as a fund-raiser, call Judy 928-978-0472 to reserve a seat for this fun event. Archaeology meeting The Rim Country Chapter of the Arizona Archaeological Society meets at 10 a.m., Saturday, Oct. 15 in the Fellowship Hall of the Church of the Holy Nativity, 1414 Easy St., Payson. Guests and visitors are always welcome; and refreshments will be available. The guest presenter is anthropologist Laurie Webster. She will discuss the latest Southwest findings of ancient textiles, baskets, wood, and hides.  Webster is currently a visiting scholar at the Department of Anthropology of the University of Arizona and a research associate at the American Museum of Natural History. She makes her home in Mancos, Colo. Benefit for family of cancer victim The Hellsgate Fire Department in cooperation with Moose Lodge 852 in Star Valley hosts a fundraiser from 2 p.m. to 10 p.m., Saturday, Oct. 15 for the family of firefighter Bill Dupke, who lost a long battle with cancer in September. The event is at the Hellsgate Fire Department on Walters Lane in Star Valley. There will be food, games, Dj Effect raffles, giveaways, live auction and more. Later dance to the live music of the Ron Gibson Band and enjoy a cowboy dinner. Donations are needed. Recommended: food for the dinner including pork, beans, coleslaw, rolls, hot dogs, hamburgers, buns, sweets; cleaning and yard services to raffle or auction, unique home-built items, gift certificates, other services (no yard sale items). To donate, contact Christina Furlong, 928-951-2219 or Brandon Furlong, 928-951-0334. TCCA program Sunday George Bugatti brings a one-of-a-kind experience to Payson at 2:30 p.m., Sunday, Oct. 16 at the Payson High School Auditorium. It combines the beauty of art with the melody of music in Bugatti’s show Portraits of America. Single tickets are $25 and are available at the door. Children and students under age 18 are admitted at no charge when accompanied by a ticketed adult. For more information, visit the association website at www.tccarim.org or call 928-472-2423 or 303-903-2895. Win a side of beef The Gila County Republican Party’s last fundraiser of the season features a side of beef. The raffle prize is approximately 300 pounds of northeast Arizona-raised beef and will be cut to the order of the winner.  The cost: 1 ticket, $20; three for $50. Tickets are available at the Republican Club Headquarters, 307 S. Beeline, Suite C (behind Buffalo Bar and Grill) or call Gary 928-478-8186 or Shirley 928-951-6774.  Drawing is Monday, Oct. 31 at Rim Country Republican Club meeting. Food drive continues The Central Arizona Board of REALTORS® annual Food Drive, benefiting the Payson Food Bank and Pine/Strawberry Food Bank, continues through the end of October.  Drop non-perishable food donations or checks payable to the Food Bank at any real estate office in the area or at the CABR office, 600 E. Hwy. 260, Suite 12, Payson. Library bookstore specials During October the Library Bookstore at the Payson Public Library will continue the Buy One, Get One special on all books in the areas of History, Politics, and Biographies. As always, the second item must be of equal or lesser value than the first item. The Library Friends of Payson Bookstore is to the right of the circulation desk just inside the Payson Public Library, 328 N. McLane Road. For more information, visit the Library Friends of Payson website at www.libraryfriendsofpayson.org. Elks events Applications for the Elks’ New Year’s Eve SUPERSTARS! Duets are now available at the Lodge, 1206 N. Beeline Hwy. Duets can consist of male/female, male/male or female/female. All singers are invited to apply.  Applications must be returned to the Lodge by Wednesday, Nov. 2. Also available at the Elks Lodge are tickets for its Veterans Day Dinner and Ceremony.  The dinner is free for all veterans and only $8 per plate for non-veterans.  A complete baked chicken dinner will be served. A maximum of 150 tickets are available so get tickets early.  Everyone must have a ticket, including all veterans. All are welcome to stay for karaoke following the dinner and ceremony.  For more information, call the Lodge at 928-474-2572. U.S. Marine Corps anniversary celebration Rim Country patriots and visitors will celebrate the 241st anniversary of the U.S. Marine Corps Saturday, Nov. 5 at the Mazatzal Hotel & Casino. The evening’s featured guest will by retired USMC Sergeant John Naughton, former publisher of the Payson Roundup. The social hour is from 5 p.m. to 6 p.m.; dinner from 6 p.m. to 7 p.m.; program from 7 p.m. to 8 p.m., which will be followed by the traditional cake-cutting ceremony. For more information and to make reservations, call 928-468-1095 Veterans Day program planned The Payson Patriotic Events Committee’s annual Veterans Day Tribute is at 11 a.m., Friday, Nov. 11 in the Payson High School Auditorium. This year the committee shall, once again, partner with the Longhorn Theatre and the Payson High School to present Veterans Day 2016.  This year, the U. S. Navy will be spotlighted (the Marines were the focus of last year’s event). Banner needs volunteers Banner Payson Medical Center is seeking volunteers to work in the hospital gift shop as well as the information desk. Volunteers typically serve one four-hour shift per week. Morning and afternoon shifts are available. For more information or to apply, call 928-472-1268. See’s Candy The Soroptimist of Zane Grey Country again have See’s Candy available for sale at Western Village, 1104 S. Beeline Hwy., Payson. For special orders, call Jean at 928-474-6167. Crafters’ spaces available Spaces are available for crafters wishing to participate in the Seasonal Holiday Bazaar at St. Philip’s Church from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m., Saturday, Nov. 5. To reserve a space or for more information, contact Karen at 480-518-3618 or Connie at 612-805-9354. More like this story Good 2 Go Community Almanac Community Almanac, Oct. 2 Quilt Roundup just around the corner Community Almanac Comments Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Requires free registration Posting comments requires a free account and verification. Username I have an account. I'm new. Password Forgot? Sign in Password Confirm password Email 
           Sign up Connect with OpenID Or login with: Connect to Facebook Connect to Twitter Google OpenID Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Latest Photos More photos Advertisement Payson Roundup News archives / About / Advertising / Feedback / Contact / Terms of use policy / Staff Submit Story idea / Photo / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary / Birth / Letter to the Editor / Press release Contents of this site are © Copyright 2016 The Payson Roundup. All rights reserved. See our terms of use for RSS feeds.
News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Site Archive Man suffers severe burns while attempting to cut wiring from transformer at old Wal-Mart off Bear Valley Tuesday Oct 11, 2016 at 10:47 AM Oct 11, 2016 at 10:47 AM Kevin Trudgeon City Editor VICTORVILLE — A man suffered electrical shock and severe burns after allegedly attempting to steal wiring from a transformer, authorities said. Hesperia resident Eric Hester, 33, was found with burns over half his body near the old Wal-Mart on Bear Valley Road early Tuesday morning and evidence at the scene indicated he had broken into a transformer case in an attempt to steal wiring, according to authorities. San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department deputies responded to a call from a Southern California Edison employee at around 2:41 a.m. regarding a man down in the 15000 block of Bear Valley Road. According to the SCE employee, he received notification at 1 a.m. that a transformer at the Bear Valley Road location had been completely shut down, and when he showed up he found Hester, who was breathing and appeared to be in severe pain, lying near the transformer. The damage to the transformer caused a major power outage to a very large portion of the community and SCE was still working on restoring power Tuesday morning. Hester was transported to Arrowhead Regional Medical center for treatment and his condition is not known at this time. The case will be forwarded to the District Attorney's Office for review. Anyone with information about this investigation is asked to contact the Victorville Sheriff's Station at 760-241-2911. Callers wishing to remain anonymous may call the We-Tip Hotline at 1-800-782-7463 or go to www.wetip.com. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Apply Inc. 5000 Europe Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise Launch! LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN SITEMAP PRIVACY AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. PERSONAL FINANCE: SPREAD THE WEALTH Show Me the Money! Why February 15 Will be Y2K for the Tax Industry and the Next President The neediest Americans will be short $100 billion in delayed tax refunds at a time when they're really counting on it. Chaos may ensue, an issue neither presidential candidate is addressing. By John Hewitt Liberty Tax Service founder and CEO John Hewitt is fanatical about taxes and unmatched customer service. A nationally recognized name in the tax return preparation and accounting world, Hewitt is a veteran of 46 tax seasons, the founder of two top tax preparation firms, and a former H&R Block regional director. Accounting Today magazine has named Hewitt one of the accounting profession's Top 100 most influential people 13 times. The International Franchise Association honored him as its Entrepreneur of the Year in February 2006. Hewitt is also the co-founder of Stop Hunger Now and Run for Food International. He is the author of iCompete: My Extraordinary Strategy for Winning. He lives in Virginia Beach, Virginia. @johnthewitt Founder and CEO, Liberty Tax Service@johnthewitt WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement In June, I sounded the alarm on How Congress is About to Screw Up the Economy in an Unprecedented Way. The more we learn about the PATH Act of 2015, however, the louder this alarm needs to be. I'm now calling it Y2K for the Tax Industry. First, a short primer on what's happening. The PATH Act stands for Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes. As a headline, it sounds commendable and does include legislation for more than $620 billion in tax reductions for families and businesses. Unfortunately, the PATH Act also means a delay in millions of refunds. It is now against the law for the IRS to issue a refund before February 15 to any taxpayer who is claiming the Additional Child Tax or Earned Income Tax Credit. Congress has allowed this delay in order to give the IRS more time to detect possible fraud. The Earned Income Tax Credit is a benefit for working people with low to moderate income and, by our estimate; the new rule could affect 30 million taxpayers by delaying more than $100 billion in refunds. The question many taxpayers will be asking this season is "Where's My Cash?" While the February 15 date creates a timing problem for our nation's economy, there will be additional problems that Congress clearly hasn't thought through. These checks will need to be cashed. Word on the street will be that taxpayers can get their refunds on the 15th. The fact is, banks don't keep that kind of cash on hand to serve millions of customers all at once. Many clients cash their checks at Walmart or another check-cashing service, especially if they don't have a bank account. These organizations also don't keep that amount of cash available to serve this large number of consumers in one day. In other words, you may be holding a check that you simply can't cash right away. Computer system overloads could create more delays. This is the other reason I'm calling this Tax Y2K: a potential software glitch and/or system overload that could result when the IRS sends tax preparers a computer file that is at least 6 times larger than normal. This computer file contains information about the refunds due customers of that tax preparer. Think of this as a massive download of information impacting $100 billion in refunds, all on one day. This needs to be processed by the IRS systems, tax preparers and the banks. Additionally, many check cashers use systems that help authenticate the check. These systems may not be capable of handling the massive volume, further slowing the process of customers getting their cash. There's one more factor to add to this perfect storm. Historically, the IRS issues refunds to 85% of the taxpayers right away; 15% of the projected refunds are held for further checking; they may have back taxes or other issues that need to be investigated. Yet another delay to the already delayed tax returns. Get the picture? If there is a line down the block with 100 people waiting for their money on February 15th, an estimated 15 will go home empty handed. How do you think these people will feel and why does this matter so much? In June, I wrote about the impact on the poorest in this country. We call it Tax-mas. For Congress, we should just call this bad timing. Clearly, our lawmakers haven't considered the economic impact of tax refunds to American citizens. Neither presidential candidate is addressing this problem. Think about it. Or maybe you've lived it. In order to have a better Christmas, many people don't pay their January rent on time; they catch up with their refund. Now they may be late on both January and February rent, creating a domino effect for both renters and landlords. In my experience, more than half of all American citizens rely on their tax refund to catch up on holiday bills or just provide food for their families. This is also the time millions of Americans go shopping. This delay will impact discount stores such as Walmart and Target, cell phone companies and other businesses which usually bring in billions of dollars in revenue in late January because of the tax refunds. February 15th - Y2K for the Tax Industry. Unlike in 2000, when the fear of a massive computer crash was averted, unless Congress makes changes to this plan-- better yet, repealing the PATH Act-- chaos is a given. For your family, plan for delays now and, hopefully, you can avert this crisis in your own home and business. The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: Oct 11, 2016 Advertisement
SUBSCRIBE NOWfor home delivery Home News Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Specialty Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast USA Today Obituaries Photos/Video Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Weekly Ads More Home News Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Specialty Weather USA Today Obituaries Photos/Video Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Weekly Ads firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Social Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Women report man exposed himself in Port St. Lucie store Port St. Lucie Police release images of the suspect and ask for the public's help. Post to Facebook Women report man exposed himself in Port St. Lucie store Port St. Lucie Police release images of the suspect and ask for the public's help.  Check out this story on tcpalm.com: http://www.tcpalm.com/story/news/crime/st-lucie-county/2016/10/11/women-report-man-exposed-himself-port-st-lucie-store/91899626/ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Women report man exposed himself in Port St. Lucie store Jan Lindsey, Special to Treasure Coast Newspapers 1:19 p.m. EDT October 11, 2016 Store video surveillance camera captured images of the suspect. (Photo: PHOTO PROVIDED BY PORT ST. LUCIE POLICE DEPARTMENT) PORT ST. LUCIE — Police are asking for help to identify a man who reportedly exposed himself to two women shopping at Wal-Mart. The man followed the women into the store in the 1600 block of Northwest St. Lucie West Boulevard at about 4 p.m. Sept. 29, He then appeared to wait for them as they split up to shop, according to a police report. A store video surveillance camera captured images of the man apparently adjusting the front of his sweatpants and then lifting his shirt as one of the women, age 57, passed him, the report said. After she rejoined her companion, he exposed himself again, it said. Store video surveillance camera captured images of the suspect.  (Photo: PHOTO PROVIDED BY PORT ST. LUCIE POLICE DEPARTMENT) The man is described as 5 feet 8 inches to 6 feet tall, weighing 220 to 240 pounds. He is in his late 20s or early 30s, his head is shaved and he had a goatee. He was wearing a T-shirt and gray pants. Anyone with information should call police at 772-872-5001 or Treasure Coast Crime Stoppers at 800-273-TIPS (8477). Read or Share this story: http://www.tcpalm.com/story/news/crime/st-lucie-county/2016/10/11/women-report-man-exposed-himself-port-st-lucie-store/91899626/ More Stories Is medical marijuana a blessing or curse? Nov. 11, 2016, 7 p.m. Treasure Coast Zika cases were from an array of nations Nov. 11, 2016, 6:35 p.m. Detective: Martin County woman likely asleep when boyfriend shot her Nov. 11, 2016, 6:23 p.m. NFL cheerleaders in 2016 season Nov. 13, 2016, 10:21 p.m.
Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Live Look at the Capitol Building in Washington D.C. Live Look at the Stargazer Alpaca Ranch Live Look at the Old Faithful Geyser in Yellowstone National Park Live Look at the Beach Surf in Los Angeles Live Look at the Atlantic Coast in Gloucester, Mass. From Bass Rocks Ocean Inn Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video In Haiti, a Factory Where Big Money, State Department and the Clintons Meet By Matthew Mosk Close Follow on Twitter More from Matthew Brian Ross Close Follow on Twitter More from Brian BRIAN EPSTEIN Close Follow on Twitter More from Brian CHO PARK CAP HAITIEN, Haiti  Oct 11, 2016, 1:42 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star PlayLarry Downing/AFP/Getty Images WATCH 'Friends of Bill': Clinton Controversy in Haiti After 2010 Earthquake 0 Shares Email Bill and Hillary Clinton have hailed the factory churning out Old Navy sweatshirts in an industrial park here as a shining achievement in their efforts to rebuild this island nation after a destructive earthquake in 2010. But the garment factory has underdelivered on projected jobs. Haitian workers have accused managers of bullying and sexual harassment. And an ABC News investigation has found that after opening its factory in the Haitian industrial park — built with $400 million of global aid — the Korean firm became a Clinton Foundation donor and its owner invested in a startup company owned by Hillary Clinton’s former chief of staff. “This was ‘building back better,’ in the words of Bill Clinton,” said Jake Johnston, an analyst with the Center for Economic and Policy Research, a nonpartisan group that has studied the earthquake reconstruction. “Haiti was going to stand on its own two feet. Certainly, by that standard, it’s been a complete failure … Six years later, it’s pretty clear that hasn’t happened.” ‘FOBs’: How Hillary’s State Dept. Gave Special Attention to ‘Friends of Bill’ After Haiti Quake Clinton Foundation Statement to ABC News Haiti’s struggles were made all the more difficult earlier this month by the tragic fallout from Hurricane Matthew. Few global humanitarian efforts have been more personal and important to Bill and Hillary Clinton, by their own estimation, than their attempt to shepherd the revival of the desperately poor island nation, where they long ago spent a delayed honeymoon. Even before the 2010 quake, Bill Clinton was serving as the U.N. special envoy for Haiti, and after the quake he helped lead the Clinton-Bush Haiti Fund and a key Haitian reconstruction commission, in addition to helping oversee the relief work of the Clinton Foundation there. “It has been one of the great joys of my life,” Bill Clinton said during one trip to Haiti. But the post-quake projects nurtured along with $10 billion in international relief and hefty support from the U.S. government and the Clinton Foundation have, at best, had mixed results, experts told ABC News. Several of those initiatives have benefited Clinton friends and foundation donors as much as Haitians, Johnston said. “Contributors to the Clinton Foundation benefited from the relief effort in Haiti writ large,” Johnston said. “The evidence indicates that those who were contributing to the Clinton Foundation and active in Haiti were certainly a part of that reconstruction process.” With Hundreds Living in Tents, a Luxury Hotel In elite circles in Haiti, the Clintons are held in high regard. Henry Robert Louis, who helped the government rebuilding effort, told ABC News that Bill Clinton’s “time and expertise were greatly valued and helped us achieve more than we possibly could have without him.” And the Clinton Foundation touts its success in deploying over $30 million in relief support. “The Clinton Foundation disbursed every dollar of that aid and did not take one cent in overhead,” said Bruce Lindsey, the foundation’s chairman, in a nine-page statement to ABC News. “As a philanthropic organization, the Clinton Foundation’s work in Haiti has only one goal: to help the people of Haiti.” But in Port-au-Prince, where neighborhoods still teem with flimsy lean-tos and tarp-covered shacks, residents told ABC News they harbor frustrations with the way the Clintons marshaled international aid. “I didn’t get any of the money,” said Inèse Luma, who lives crammed with five relatives in a makeshift home of tarp, wood and plastic. “I don’t think I’m ever going to have a permanent house.” Efforts to rebuild the thousands of homes destroyed by the 7.0 quake have inched forward. In six years, USAID says, it has constructed fewer than 1,500 homes, and many of those have had to be rebuilt because of poor workmanship. At the same time, the Clinton Foundation says it “facilitated” the construction of a luxury hotel in Port-au-Prince, a Marriott owned by Denis O’Brien, who has given $10 million to $25 million to the Clinton Foundation. O’Brien, an Irish billionaire who runs the Jamaica-based telecom giant Digicel, said he financed the hotel himself. In an interview, O’Brien told ABC News that Bill Clinton “was encouraging to everybody.” “He would introduce people to other people and say ‘Why don’t you do this project?’” O’Brien said. “It was like Noah’s ark. In the aftermath of the earthquake, President Clinton said to 50, 60 and 100 people, ‘Please come down to Haiti, maybe invest money there, maybe adopt a project.’” O’Brien recognized the “little bit of a contradiction” between the decision to build a Marriott just blocks from the neediest Haitian neighborhoods. “If you want to get foreign investors to come down to Haiti, they want to stay in branded hotel,” he said. “They want to stay in comfort environment. And they want to have the place to have meetings.” The Marriott was one of several hotel projects pursued in Haiti. Johnston said he believes more energy should have been dedicated to housing instead. “It speaks to putting the political priorities over the actual needs on the ground,” he said. The Korean Factory With Clinton Connections No project received as much attention from the Clintons as the long-discussed industrial park and garment factory built a six hour drive north of the Haitian capital, in a speck of a town called Caracol. The location was well beyond the destructive earthquake’s epicenter, in a rural part of the country left largely untouched by the disaster. But economists working with the State Department argued that drawing residents out of densely populated Port-au-Prince to more rural areas would help make Haiti more resilient. The project, strongly backed by the U.S. government, held great promise. At one point, officials estimated it would bring 100,000 new jobs to Haiti. Clinton Foundation donors surfaced in many facets of the project. The modern industrial park, with wide, clear roads connecting rows of low-slung warehouses, would be paid for by the Inter-American Development Bank, which provided $256.8 million in grants to support construction. The bank has donated $1 million to $5 million to the Clinton Foundation, according to its website. Large American retailers, including Wal-Mart and Gap Inc., have served as buyers for the clothes shipped from Haiti to the U.S. with special U.S. tax breaks. Wal-Mart has given $1 million to $5 million, and Gap has given $100,000 to $250,000 to the foundation. And in 2012, SAE-A, the Korean garment company that was recruited to become the anchor tenant of the park, gave $50,000 to $100,000 to the foundation. Both Bill and Hillary Clinton attended a ribbon-cutting ceremony shortly after the factory opened in 2012. “A single building was not here a year ago, and now more than a thousand Haitians are coming to work,” Hillary Clinton said at the ceremony. “This is something that is remarkable.” For Haiti, the factory was an avenue into a new industry — textiles — and the jobs it could bring. Hillary Clinton predicted a factory humming with 20,000 jobs by 2016. Estimates of how many people work there now range from 8,000 to 9,000. Sae-A has built and continues to operate two schools, with plans for a third. The company has supported medical missions, donated clothing and delivered 4½ tons of medical supplies to remote villages in cargo trucks emblazoned with the words “Sae-A loves Haiti.” What Sae-A has received, according to State Department records, is the ability to operate a productive garment factory with a nominal tax burden, duty-free access for its products in the U.S. and an enormous — if untrained — pool of inexpensive labor. The Haitian government provided the land for the factory, the development bank paid for the factory’s construction, and USAID built a power plant to provide an uninterrupted flow of electricity and a neighborhood of small pastel-colored dwellings to house many of the workers. Allegations of Abuse The invitation to SEA-A to anchor the industrial park occurred despite past allegations of worker abuse the company faced in Guatemala. As the labor group Worker Rights Consortium reported in 2012, Sae-A’s Guatemala managers were accused of stifling union workers and mistreating female employees. The New York Times reported in 2012 that, before sealing the deal in Haiti, the AFL-CIO sent a detailed memo to American and international officials describing “acts of violence and intimidation” and declaring the company “one of the major labor violators.” A SAE-A spokesman told ABC News that “corrective action was taken, including dismissal of two of our local managers and improvement of grievance procedures.” Now assertions against the company are emerging in Haiti, according to workers and labor advocates interviewed by ABC News. In April, a group called Better Work Haiti published a report finding the factory was noncompliant in the areas of sexual harassment, bullying and humiliation of employees. Yannick Etienne, a labor organizer, told ABC News she received reports from SAE-A workers that they had to provide sexual favors to supervisors in order to obtain jobs in the factory. “We’ve heard that there are people who are victim of this sexual harassment situation in the park,” she said. SAE-A spokesman Lon Garwood told ABC News that the “health, safety and well-being of workers is our priority.” “If something arises,” he said, “we act swiftly to adjust and address it.” During a tour of the factory for ABC News, an SEA-A manager said those issues were minor and in the past — mainly the result of misunderstandings, not ill will. Today, signs posted around the factory floor show cartoon images with a red slash through them of managers bullying employees. But factory officials were reluctant to let ABC News reporters talk directly to workers during a recent visit. When ABC News asked to speak with workers, one company official spoke in Korean to another, saying, “I don’t think you should allow that.” Eventually, three workers were taken from another part of the factory to be interviewed. Haitians are just eager for the work, said one of the workers, Mileon Fontila, as her managers looked on. “They’re just trying to get more people jobs,” she said. An Investment in Clinton Aide’s New Firm At an opening ceremony for the park in 2012, Bill and Hillary Clinton singled out one person for her dedication to the successful launch of the Sae-A factory at Caracol: Cheryl Mills. At the time, she was serving as Hillary Clinton’s chief of staff. “I want to thank our friend Cheryl Mills because it was her determination, her sheer will to work through every obstacle that made this possible,” Bill Clinton said. Hillary Clinton praised “my chief of staff, Cheryl Mills, who has been, as others have already said, a real driver of our government’s support for everything that we see here today.” Two years after the factory was operational, Mills had left the State Department. She turned up, according to an online press release, at a Sae-A company event in Costa Rica. She appeared there, the release said, on behalf of her privately owned international development firm, Black Ivy Group. “Ms. Mills was invited and came to the event as a guest, as did many others,” Garwood said, in response to questions from ABC News. The chairman of SAE-A, Woong-ki Kim, was identified on the Black Ivy website as one of the initial investors in the firm. That page has since been taken down. “The chairman’s investment in Black Ivy was a personal investment that was not made until late in 2014,” Garwood said. “As a policy, the chairman does not discuss his personal investments.” Black Ivy Group is described on its website as a firm that “builds and grows commercial enterprises in sub-Saharan Africa” and focuses on “building and leveraging a vast network of global and local relationships spanning the public, private and government sectors.” Mills’ partner in the venture, Jean-Louis Warnholz, worked on the Caracol project in Haiti while serving as a senior State Department adviser to Hillary Clinton. Messages left with Black Ivy and with Mills’ attorney were not returned. The Clinton Foundation’s chairman told ABC News that it “was not involved” in the decision to build Caracol, did not work to recruit Sae-A as its anchor tenant, did not help secure financing from the Inter-American Development Bank or help persuade companies such as Gap and Wal-Mart to buy goods there. In past interviews and assertions on its website, however, the foundation has embraced the Caracol project. One foundation official, Greg Milne, was quoted in a press report saying the foundation “helped to promote Caracol as an investment destination and worked … to attract new tenants and investments to the park.” The website adds that the foundation was part of the “collaboration” to plan Caracol and “assisted with [its] development.” Sae-A officials credited the Clintons for bringing together “the private sector, [aid groups], individuals and others who care about the country to tackle and work towards a better Haiti.” Bill Clinton’s spokesman, Angel Urena, did not respond to or acknowledge repeated requests by ABC News to interview Clinton on the topic. In Haiti, there remain deep misgivings about the international earthquake relief effort. It is a sore subject for the former U.S. president, who spoke repeatedly about it in public in recent weeks, after ABC News submitted questions to the Clinton Foundation on the subject. “I’m sure we made a few mistakes, but way, way more good than harm was done by this,” Bill Clinton said at the final meeting of the Clinton Global Initiative, of which SAE-A was a member. “It was the most organized, clearly directed efforts to bring private capital to Haiti, to do good work, either through not-for-profits or through profitmaking ventures that would include Haitians, that I’ve ever seen.” 0 Shares Email Star Comments " In Haiti, a Factory Where Big Money, State Department and the Clintons Meet +How Hillary's State Dept. Gave Special Attention to 'Friends of Bill' After Haiti Quake " Trump Tells Protesters 'Don't Be Afraid', Calls for Hate Crimes to Stop " President-Elect Trump Says Same-Sex Marriage Is 'Settled' Law " Reince Priebus: What to Know About Trump's Chief of Staff " What a Trump Cabinet Might Look Like " How Trump Changed President Obama's Final Foreign Tour " ANALYSIS: Priebus, Bannon Appointments Point Toward Split Approach to Trump Presidency " Trump Names Reince Priebus as Chief of Staff, Steve Bannon as Senior Adviser " Immigrants March in New York to Tell Trump They Are 'Here to Stay' " Harry Reid Backs Rep. Keith Ellison for DNC Chair, Cites Need for 'New Thinking' " President-elect Trump Is Congratulated by GOP Leaders Who Rejected His Candidacy " Signs Along the Way: Trump Lawn Signs " The Note: As Trump Plans New Administration, Dems Plot a Comeback " Rock and Roll Hall of Famer Leon Russell Passes Away at 74 Remains of Missing Daughter of The Piano Guys' Jon Schmidt Found, According to Father " Trump's Views Appeal to Americans Looking for 'Common Sense' " Rep. Keith Ellison to Announce 'Real Soon' If He'll Run for DNC Chair " Trump Willing to Keep Parts of Obamacare, Stays Mum on Clinton Prosecution " Hispanic Community in LA Reacts to President-Elect Donald Trump " Trump, McConnell and Ryan: Unlikely New Power Trio for DC " Stressed Post-Election New Yorkers Vent on Subway Notes " How World Leaders View Donald Trump " OPINION: In This Election, Mea Culpa, Mea Culpa, Mea Maxima Culpa " Trump Replaces Christie With Pence as Head of Transition " 'Black Swan' Exercise to Give Trump's Team Practice for Security Crisis " Trump's Victory Buoying White Nationalists, Anti-Discrimination Advocates Say " The Moment Donald Trump, Family Knew He Won the Election
null

null
WKTV.com Where the news comes first. News Local State National Crime Business Education Elections Nano Utica Weather Current Conditions Alerts Complete Forecast Weather Blog Text Alerts Closings Sports High School College National Sports Sports Express Utica Comets Boilermaker Baseball Hall of Fame Community Announcements Back 2 Work Calendar Christmas Cards Contests Go The Distance Heart Run Walk Mug Club St. Patrick's Day Features Food & Dining Health & Fitness Home & Garden Movin' Mondays Newstalk Pets Deals Contact About Us Bios EEO History Kids TV Programming Work For Us Live Stream Home Local 3 facing charges for Walmart shoplifting in Oneonta 3 facing charges for Walmart shoplifting in Oneonta By WKTV Oct. 11, 2016 Tweet  Photos Jennifer Hopkins (left), Summer Eldred (middle), Brett Kachel (right) ONEONTA, N.Y. – Three people are facing charges for a shoplifting incident at Walmart in Oneonta, according to State Police. Jennifer Hopkins, 26, of Oneonta; Summer Eldred, 29, of Davenport; and Brett Kachel, 23, of Oneonta, were arrested Sept. 24 and charged with misdemeanor petit larceny. An investigation determined that the three acted together to steal property valued at about $740. The stolen items included curtains, carpets, a pink blanket, clothing, soda and seat covers. The three were issued tickets returnable to the Town of Oneonta Court on Oct. 18. Latest Trending News Related Stories Home News Weather Sports Community Contest Rules EEO FCC Public Inspection File Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Closed Captioning Contact WKTV About WKTV RSS WKTV 5936 Smith Hill Road Utica,NY 13502 315-793-3477 Copyright © 2016 Heartland Media, LLC | All rights reserved.
Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Amazon to build convenience stores in push to dominate grocery market The online retailer has yet to crack the grocery market, as most people still take part in brick-and-mortar food shopping. Amazon's stores will sell perishable goods, such as milk and meat, as well as items with longer shelf lives.  (Dreamstime)   By Jing CaoBloomberg Tues., Oct. 11, 2016 Amazon.com Inc. is planning to build convenience stores and develop curbside pickup locations for food shoppers in its latest move to expand into groceries, the Wall Street Journal reported. Amazon’s stores will sell perishable goods including milk and meats, the newspaper said, citing unnamed sources. Customers in the stores can also order other items with longer shelf lives for same-day delivery, the Journal said. The Seattle-based e-commerce giant will also build drive-in locations for consumers in a rush where online grocery orders will be brought to the car. Only subscribers to Amazon’s Fresh service will have access to these stores, known as Project Como. Amazon representatives didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment. The grocery stores represent Amazon’s latest move to disrupt brick-and-mortar food shopping that’s still dominated by traditional retailers such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  While Amazon has dominated in e-commerce, convincing customers to shop online for everything from toiletries to electronics, it has yet to crack groceries — which most consumers still buy offline. Previously, Amazon had focused on fresh food deliveries rather than establishing a physical presence, but it’s encountering increased competition from Google, Instacart and others. Article Continued Below Wal-Mart, whose main selling point has been its physical reach, started a grocery pickup service more than a year ago and has now expanded it to more than 100 markets. Customers can purchase online, drive to the parking lot of a Wal-Mart store and have their orders delivered to their cars. Even as Amazon uses the Fresh grocery service and Prime membership to keep customers loyal, Wal-Mart is trying to create a better online experience. Read more about: Amazon The Morning Headlines NewsletterDelivered daily to your inbox. Sign up More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 9°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Trump victory gives big boost to California movement — ‘Calexit’ The Yes California Independence Campaign hopes California will secede from the U.S. following Donald Trump’s election. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: U.S. Election Trump Fact Check Blue Jays Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2016 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: siouxcityjournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections Activate Digital Subscription E-edition Download our Apps Buy, Sell & Jobs Jobs Classifieds Wheels for You Auto Siouxland Homes Business Directory SCJ Deal of the Day Siouxland Bid & Buy Weekly Ads Weather Sponsored by: Bomgaars News Business Elections Local National State & Regional Weird News Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Columnists The Mini Polls Speak Out SUX 911 Iowa Cold Cases Police Calls Woodbury County Jail Resources Iowa Courts Online Crime Watch Sports High School College Musketeers Explorers Bandits Outdoors Obituaries Local Obituaries Area Obituaries Search Life Arts and Theatre Food and Cooking Faith and Values Health, Medicine and Fitness Home and Garden Music Relationships and Special Occasions Television Calendar Photos and Video Gallery Order Photos Videos Extra! Blogs Calendar Coffee Break Multimedia Contests Games & Puzzles Siouxland History Weekender Kids Scoop Goodfellow Charities Contact Us Customer-service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 56° sponsored by Sioux City, IA (51101) Today Sunny. High around 65F. Winds SW at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Clear to partly cloudy. Low 38F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 13, 2016 @ 10:52 am Full Forecast News Sports Obits Buy, Sell & Jobs Life Extra! Events Close Drug Take Back event set for Oct. 22 Oct 11, 2016 (…) SIOUX CITY | The Sioux City Police Department and U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration are asking local residents to rid their homes of potentially dangerous, expired and unwanted prescription drugs. The Take Back Day event will be Oct. 22 from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Unused pills may be turned into Walgreens, 100 Pierce St.; Target, 5775 Sunnybrook; Walmart, 3101 Floyd Blvd.; Drilling Pharmacy, 4010 Morningside Ave.; Fareway, 4040 War Eagle Drive; and Hy-Vee, 4500 Sergeant Road and 2827 Hamilton Blvd. This is the 12th time over the past six years when people have had the opportunity to prevent pill abuse and theft. The service is free and anonymous. The DEA cannot accept needles. In April, Americans turned in 447 tons of prescription drugs at almost 5,400 sites operated by the DEA and more than 4,200 of its state and local law enforcement partners. During the previous 11 Take Back events, DEA and its partners have taken in more 6.4 million pounds, or about 3,200 tons, of pills. Tags Earl Horlyk Sioux City Sioux City Police Department Drug Enforcement Administration Partner Law Enforcement Local Resident Prescription Drug Take Pill Click here for local election updates Latest in section Air museum to hold veterans ceremony Saturday Sioux City man gets 10 years prison for molesting girls Unity in the Community event Saturday DNR investigates manure spill near Le Mars WITCC honor society to hold mental health issues assembly Monday Most Popular Additional remains belonging to Kraig Kubik found, show gunshot wound to head Names released in fatal Friday crash 1 killed in vehicle pursuit in Sioux City Teen involved in staged bank robbery sent to jail for violating probation SIOUXLAND SMASH: Local group hones skills and builds friendships Business Directory Latest Local Offers Lohr Family Dentistry, P.C. Our Services: Nov 10, 2016 Culligan Water and Salt for your Home or Office Updated Nov 8, 2016 Most Popular Sioux City Police look for suspects after gun fired at Sam's Mini Mart 1 knocked unconscious after getting hit by vehicle Rock Valley man arrested twice in one day Iowa DNR: Motorists advised of increased deer activity near roads WITCC honor society to hold mental health issues assembly Monday Currents Parenting These 36 boy names are now popular girl names Election 2016 Live World leaders, former rivals react to Trump's victory +15 World Graphic photos: The Paris terror attacks, then and now Today’s top pics: Veterans Day observances and more Hallelujah - RIP Leonard Cohen Your daily 6: A final 'Hallelujah;' Hillary takes a hike Today's Birthdays, Nov. 11: Leonardo Dicaprio Good vibes, no TV cameras make Governors Awards a hot ticket Justice Ginsburg trades robes for opera costume Fantasy Football Buzz: 1 area of intrigue for every team in Week 10 Shohei Otani shows off batting prowess with disappearing hit Latest Local Offers FURniture Everett's Furniture 4500 Dakota Ave, South Sioux City, NE 68776 402-494-4232 Ads Linens   Uptown Wedding and Event Rental 2318 East 3rd Street, Sioux City, IA 51101 712-224-2318 Ads Mention this ad for additional savings on your bathtub resurfacing from Surface Solutions! 712-943-3311 Renew your bathroom. If your bathtub is looking dingy, don't replace it--RESURFACE it! Surface Solutions 1395 220th St, Sergeant Bluff, IA 51054 712-943-3311 TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Video: President Obama marks final Veterans Day in office Video: Anger in the streets, transition in the capital Video: John Kerry is 1st secretary of state to visit all 7 continents Video: Quilting group embraces veterans with handmade tribute Sites & Partners Business Journal Jobs Kids Scoop Prime Shopper's Guide Siouxland Homes Siouxland Life Visitors Guide Weekender Wheels for You Tools & Services E-edition Subscribe Customer-service Find Sioux City Jobs Advertise Announce your event Contact Us RSS FAQ © Copyright 2016 Sioux City Journal, 515 Pavonia St. Sioux City, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it 2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Virginia Politics Northern Virginia congressional race heats up with ad flap The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it LuAnn Bennett (D), left, and Rep. Barbara Comstock (R), shake hands after their first debate in the race for Virginia’s 10th Congressional District on Thursday in Lansdowne, Va. (Jahi Chikwendiu/The Washington Post) By Jenna Portnoy October 11 Follow @jennaportnoy A sweetheart deal, broken promises, tax breaks — the accusations against Democrat LuAnn Bennett in recent television ads sound like they could be pulled from an ad attacking GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump. But Bennett, a real estate developer challenging Rep. Barbara Comstock (R-Va.), says the claims are false and she is considering fighting back in court. The ad in question was funded by the National Republican Congressional Committee and aired in the metropolitan D.C. market that includes Comstock’s hotly contested Northern Virginia congressional district. It argues that Bennett backed out of a deal to build a preschool on land her company developed in the District’s rapidly gentrifying NoMa neighborhood. Lawyers for Bennett say she fulfilled all her obligations and the ad is “false, misleading and deceptive.” The NRCC said it stands by the ad, which ended its week-long run on broadcast television on Monday but continues to appear on cable television and radio. It spent $842,559 to air the ads to date. Comstock campaign manager Susan Falconer said the campaign was unaware of the content of the ad before it aired because it is an independent expenditure. The ad, titled “Parking Lot,” claims Bennett promised the District that she would build a day-care center on vacant land at 77 H St. NW but instead created a parking lot. “LuAnn Bennett. She makes government work . . . for her,” the ad says. In 1990, Bennett’s company signed a 99-year lease with the city to develop the District-owned lot at New Jersey and H streets. As part of the deal, the Bennett Group agreed to build a preschool there. The Bennett Group assumed only a federal agency would locate in what was then a less-desirable part of the city, the campaign said. As the company sought such a tenant, it made a side deal with the nearby U.S. Government Printing Office to allow employees to park on the property. After years of trying unsuccessfully to develop the site for various federal agencies, the company renegotiated terms of the lease, including a provision that required it to give $1 million to an educational foundation instead of building the day-care center. The company wanted to drop the day-care facility because after the 1995 bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, when 15 children died in an attached day-care center, it became less desirable to locate day-care facilities alongside federal agencies. Eventually, Bennett scrapped the federal agency concept and built 300 apartments and a Walmart on the site. In addition to the $1 million donation, the company was required by the city to give about $9 million to other community groups, the campaign said. “It’s one of the things I’m most proud of,” she said. “We were really able to develop this in a way that benefits D.C., the community and our partners. It’s exactly what we need to do more of in government.” The National Republican Congressional Committee said it stands by the ad and did not pull it early; it said it had always planned to stop airing it on Monday. “LuAnn Bennett gave her word to the District of Columbia Zoning Commission that she would build a preschool at this site,” said NRCC spokesman Chris Pack. “The preschool LuAnn Bennett said she would build does not exist because LuAnn Bennett broke her promise to build it.” The flap is the latest twist in a race overshadowed by the presidential contest. In another year, Comstock might sail to victory in Virginia’s 10th District, which was drawn for a Republican to include Loudoun County and choice sections of Fairfax and Prince William counties as well as conservative rural counties bordering West Virginia. Instead, the 10th District is very much in play. Bennett’s campaign has tried to link Comstock to Trump, emphasizing that they both oppose abortion and equal pay for women. Bennett has been trying to woo independents, women and immigrants in the district and are cool to Trump’s comments about women, his proposal to build a wall along the Mexican border and his threat to ban Muslims from entering the United States. Comstock had neither repudiated nor endorsed Trump until Friday, when a 2005 video surfaced in which Trump bragged in lewd terms about using his celebrity to kiss and grope women without consequence. That was when the congresswoman became one of the first GOP lawmakers to urge Trump to drop out of the race, calling his behavior “obscene” and “unbecoming of anybody seeking high office.” Political experts say the move shows Comstock feared losing independent voters turned off by Trump more than she risked alienating die-hard Trump fans. “She won’t lose many of her core GOP voters by dumping Trump, but she will earn respect for her stand from many independent voters — the people who will decide the outcome of this race,” said Mark J. Rozell, dean of the Schar School of Policy and Government at George Mason University. Comstock is relying on voters to support her even if they are opposed to Trump. Mitch Sproul, a self-described fiscal conservative from Loudoun, was a reluctant Trump supporter who is now considering writing in a different candidate altogether. The 61-year-old finance executive said he was delighted by Comstock’s response to the video, which he said did not disturb him as much as Trump’s non-apology apology did. “Good for her,” he said. “No ifs, ands or buts I’m sticking with Comstock.” But Chalet Jean-Baptiste, a 36-year-old Democrat and teacher at Northern Virginia Community College, views Comstock’s statement as an insincere play for votes. If Comstock were truly offended by the Trump video, she should have been disturbed by any number of other insults Trump has lobbed throughout the campaign, Jean-Baptiste said. “Yes, this is disgusting,” she said, referring to the video released last week. “But what he did previously was disgusting as well.” [Trump is lightning rod in debate between candidates in Northern Virginia race] local virginia-politics Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters local virginia-politics Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Jenna Portnoy covers Virginia politics for The Washington Post. Follow @jennaportnoy Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Trump just laid out a pretty radical student debt plan 2 Yale professor: My students aren’t snowflakes, and they don’t melt 3 At deep-blue Yale University, students shocked to be facing Trump presidency 4 University of Michigan student wearing a hijab was threatened to be set on fire, police say 5 Sunday night’s supermoon is the closest and biggest full moon since 1948 Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game local virginia-politics Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters The latest on Virginia politics Other than that, Gov. McAuliffe, how was Election Day? Not bad, in fact. Amid last-minute push in Va., Clinton holds 6-point lead in latest poll Trump and Pence to visit Virginia, a purple state long seen as safe for Clinton   Search Jobs Featured Jobs army enterprise management systems analyst General Dynamics sr administrator, systems - ts/sci ft meade General Dynamics senior multimedia specialist - ts/sci with polygraph required General Dynamics washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing More from The Post
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On-Air Schedule Announcers Jay Caldwell Kelly Cordes Dick Nelson Jim Maurice Lee Voss Alex Svejkovsky Chrissy Gaetke Bill Henderson Dave Overlund Listen Listen Live WJON Mobile App Mobile Site SONOS Events Made in Minnesota Vikings-Packers Party Bus Best. Summer. Ever. IDoMN Wedding Guide Online Job Fair Paint N Party Community Calendar Send Us Your Event VIP Club Contests Help Sign Up WIN STUFF Win Your Dream Getaway! Win a $500 Visa Gift Card Win a $300 Airline Gift Card Dream Getaway Rules Win a Hoverboard Win a 40″ TV Win 10 Tokens to the Indoor Shooting Range Win $20 to Bello Cucina Win a Spa Day at Styles Plus Win SCSU Hockey Tickets Win Beats Solo 2 Wireless Headphones Win a $200 Amazon Gift Card Win a New Grill Win a $400 Cabela’s Gift Card Weather Forecast & Radar Closings News The Latest St. Cloud News State/Regional News Minnesota Sports Highlights Sports Fitness Friday All-Star Students Join the Club Behind the Scenes Outdoor News Outdoor Tips Everyday Heroes Frozen in Time Made in Central Minnesota This Date in History Features Contact Your Lawmakers Area Gas Prices Lost and Found Obituaries Contact Contact Info Feedback Send Us Your Announcement Advertise Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube What’s Hot: Vote 2016 Results Parking Ramp Larson Boats New Tech H.S. WJON Mobile App Win Your Dream Getaway! MN Sports Video WJON In Depth Pacific Wok Business Profile IDoMN Wedding Guide Permit-to-Carry Holder Pulls Gun to Fend Off Attacker By Lee Voss October 11, 2016 10:34 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Phillip Keys — Stearns County Jail booking photo ST. CLOUD — A man who allegedly tried to attack a couple outside the St. Cloud Walmart store last week got more than he bargained for. It turns out the husband has a permit to carry, and used his gun to thwart off the attacker. According to the criminal complaint, the couple was walking to their car just before midnight last Wednesday when a man dragging a baseball bat approached them. He asked the couple if they’ve “ever been hit in the head with a bat?”. The couple thought the man was joking and continued walking. The husband heard the suspect take a deep breath when he turned around to find the suspect raising the bat as if to hit them. The man pulled out his gun and ordered the man to drop the bat. Thirty-year-old Phillip Keys dropped the bat and told the man to shoot him before fleeing the scene. Police later located Keys and arrested him. Keys denied being at the store, saying he was drinking at a nearby bar all night. However, the couple positively identified Keys as the attacker and video surveillance shows the incident. Keys is jailed on suspicion of 2nd degree assault. Filed Under: baseball bat attack | permit to carry | phillip keys | walmart Category: courts | St. Cloud News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of WJON Search For Missing Woodbury Man Could Lead To More Drone Use Alexandria Man Killed By Combine First Round Of Winter Weather Might Be On The Way Man Killed In Morrison County Crash Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Tip Us: 320.257.7202 Listen Live Meet the Writers Jay Caldwell Kelly Cordes Dick Nelson Jim Maurice Lee Voss Alex Svejkovsky Chrissy Gaetke Dave Overlund Bill Henderson Jerry Carlson See All Staff WJON on Facebook Our Facebook page is sponsored by: The Value Connection WJON Newsletter MN Sports Video Join Now Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more. Sign Up Now TOP STORIES First Round Of Winter Weather Might Be On The Way Granite City Sports Podcast- Friday, November 11th St. Cloud Public Library to Hold ‘Welcome Back’ Event for Community Supermoon Extra Super, Closest In Nearly 69 Years Free Dental Care Van Coming to Apollo High School More News Recent Obituaries Clarence W. Ritten, 90, Becker Angeline “Angie” Josephine Neil, 91, St. Cloud Andrew “Louie” Louis Fruth, 66, Sauk Rapids Susan “Sue” Jean Clark, 70, St. Joseph James R. Wolney, 68, Sauk Rapids More Obituaries EEO Copyright Notice Advertise Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare St. Cloud Business Listings Welcome back to The WJON VIP Club It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to The WJON VIP Club It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://wjon.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to The WJON VIP Club (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here The WJON VIP Club brought to you by: Sign up for The WJON VIP Club Register Now Sign up for The WJON VIP Club quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! The WJON VIP Club brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive The WJON VIP Club contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook The WJON VIP Club brought to you by: AM 1240 WJON Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Stay Connected: Editions National Global News PunditFact States Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Illinois Iowa Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Truth-O-MeterTM All By subject True Mostly True Half True Mostly False False Pants on Fire! No Flip Half Flip Full Flop 2016 People Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Tim Kaine Mike Pence Barack Obama Chain E-mails Other people and groups Promises Obameter All Top 25 Promises By subject Not yet rated In the Works Stalled Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken GOP Pledge-O-Meter All By subject Not yet rated In the Works Stalled Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Pants On Fire About Us Our Process Our Staff Who Pays for Politifact Suggest a Fact Check Advertise Says "Hillary Clinton set aside environmental and labor rules to help a South Korean company with a record of violating workers’ rights set up what amounts to a sweatshop in Haiti." — Donald Trump on Tuesday, September 6th, 2016 in a speech in North Carolina Trump mangles facts on Clinton and Haiti jobs project By Jon Greenberg on Tuesday, October 11th, 2016 at 9:00 a.m. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump points out to the crowd of supporters at a campaign rally in Prescott Valley, Arizona. (Getty Images) Hillary Clinton is facing criticism for her role in facilitating the creation of an industrial park in post-earthquake Haiti that has been accused of displacing farmers and failing to live up to rosy job creation projections. Among the charges, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said Clinton pushed aside regulations to create sweatshop-like conditions. "Hillary Clinton set aside environmental and labor rules to help a South Korean company with a record of violating workers’ rights set up what amounts to a sweatshop in Haiti," Trump said Sept. 6, 2016. Clinton, as secretary of state, certainly lauded the project as part of a plan to revitalize Haiti following the devastating earthquake in 2010, and the U.S. government financially supported it. But did she help a company create a sweatshop? The evidence is thin. The Caracol Industrial Park In 2010, Haiti’s leaders unveiled a plan to spur growth beyond the capital city of Port-au-Prince. One project that emerged was to build an industrial park on the country’s northern coast a little over a mile from Caracol Bay. It was going to bring tens of thousands of good-paying jobs, government officials said. Getting it off the ground took a collaboration among the U.S. Agency for International Development, the Inter-American Development Bank, the government of Haiti, and a South Korean clothing maker, Sae-A Trading. Sae-A, under the name of S&H Global, would be the anchor tenant of the new industrial park, producing clothes for clients such as Target and Walmart. Bill and Hillary Clinton, champions of that vision, came to the park’s grand opening. In fact, both of them lobbied hard for the project. Bill Clinton in his role as special envoy to Haiti pushed for expanded garment making. Sae-A said Clinton herself invited the company to build a factory at the industrial park. The U.S. Agency for International Development allocated $170 million to support the industrial park by building a power plant and improving the port. "What is happening here in Caracol is already having ripple effects that will create jobs and opportunities far beyond this industrial park," Hillary Clinton said at the Caracol opening ceremony. But that really hasn't happened. The industrial park has been beseiged by criticism of millions of dollars wasted, displaced farmers and sluggish job growth. Today, four years, later, total employment is about 8,100. (The State Department told us after publication that new data show the facility now employs about 9,400 people.) That's the background. Now, we'll look at the specifics of Trump's claim. Clinton's role in environmental and labor rules  Trump said Clinton "set aside environmental and labor rules" to make the project a reality. The Trump campaign pointed to an article that appeared in the New York Times. That report cited environmentalists decrying the placement of the industrial zone near a sensitive marine habitat. The U.S. Treasury Department abstained from voting on the project due to concerns over the limited environmental impact studies that had been prepared. That's not the same as Clinton setting aside rules, and people involved with the project said Clinton played no role. Charles Krakoff, managing partner of the consulting firm Koios Associates, created the environmental impact report in an assessment for the government of Haiti and the Inter-American Development Bank. Krakoff told us that the Haitians, the development bank and USAID pressed for a quick turnaround, and he agrees that his firm did not produce a full long-term analysis. But he said he did address the immediate impacts and laid out the sort of studies needed later. The Inter-American Development Bank followed through. It commissioned a more comprehensive study in 2014, which was completed in August 2016. "Environmental standards were not changed for this project," Krakoff said. USAID produced a separate environmental impact study for the power plant alone. Importantly, Krakoff said the key decision to place the industrial park in Caracol was made by the government of Haiti not Clinton. Whatever environmental issues that raised flowed from that point forward and Clinton played no role. "We told them two other locations would be better, but the government wanted it in Caracol," Krakoff said. "The Haitians and the Inter-American Development Bank had more say in this project than the United States." Sae-A's record on workers' rights Clinton, as we already said, did play a part in getting Sae-A to Haiti, and Sae-A does not have a perfect record with workers. The company had a significant dispute with the union at a factory in Guatemala. The AFL-CIO accused it of anti-union repression including "acts of violence and intimidation." Sae-A ultimately abandonned that Guatemalan factory. But, in 2008, the International Trade Union Confederation highlighted the company as one of only three in Guatemala that had unions at all and met with union representatives weekly to discuss working conditions. We found an academic article that accurately described an episode when Sae-A managers at one plant in Guatemala used police to intimidate union organizers. The researcher cited a WikiLeaks cable from 2005 as proof, but failed to note that the cable went on to say that when the government and the company found out what happened, it fired all the managers involved and reinstated the workers with back pay. In Nicaragua, a 2013 investigation of a clash between union supporters and non-union workers found that Sae-A did nothing to prevent the unrest. So, the evidence that Sae-A violated workers rights is limited. The company had a dispute with its unions in Guatemala and allowed a fight to break out between union and non-union workers in Nicaragua. Is Sae-A running a sweatshop? Many factories in Haiti are subject to six-month inspections by Better Work Haiti, a project of the International Labor Organization. The latest assessment raises a few points of concern, but nothing that would in any way meet the definition of sweatshop conditions. On the contrary, the report lists several strengths, including providing "free, first-class education to the workers’ kids." The company provides paid sick and maternity leave, which according to the company, has been used in 6,336 and 220 cases respectively in 2016. There are three unions in the factory representing about 30 percent of all workers. Safety and health conditions passed muster in the assessment. The issues raised were isolated, or due more to workers not using safety equipment (ear plugs) that the company gave them (and trained them on why they should use them.) Inspectors and the company have a dispute on the legal definition for holiday, sick and maternity leave pay that has been referred to the government for resolution.Of workers who are paid based on how much they produce, only 41 percent make the government’s target minimum wage, which suggests much improvement is needed, although the inspectors did not say this made the company non-compliant with the law. Pay is a point of broader concern. The advocacy group Worker Rights Consortium issued a report in 2013 that accused Sae-A of "ongoing theft of legally-earned wages." But when we asked the executive director if this met the criteria of operating a sweatshop, he declined to comment. The AFL-CIO also failed to respond to questions about Sae-A. Our ruling Trump said Clinton "set aside environmental and labor rules to help a South Korean company with a record of violating workers’ rights set up what amounts to a sweatshop in Haiti." There is no evidence that Clinton set aside environmental and labor rules and Trump exaggerated about the record of the South Korean company in question. We rate this statement Mostly False. Correction Oct. 12, 2016  Sae-A closed the Guatemala factory where it had a dispute with a union. A previously version of this fact-check incorrectly said Sae-A left the country entirely. https://www.sharethefacts.co/share/4e6663b3-a536-4892-b9a6-79688568959f Advertisement About this statement: Published: Tuesday, October 11th, 2016 at 9:00 a.m. Researched by: Caryn Baird, Jon Greenberg Edited by: Aaron Sharockman Subjects: Corrections and Updates, Environment, Labor, Workers Sources: Donald Trump, Speech in North Carolina, Sept. 6, 2016 Better Work Haiti, S&H Global compliance assessment report, Sept. 6, 2016 Better Work Haiti, 12th bi-annual synthesis report, April 15, 2016 Comisión de Verificación de Códigos de Conducta, Independent investigation at Sae-A Tecnotex, April 19, 2013 Worker Rights Consortium, Stealing from the Poor: Wage Theft in the Haitian Apparel Industry, Oct. 15, 2013 New York Times, Earthquake Relief Where Haiti Wasn’t Broken, July 5, 2012 Government Accountability Office, Haiti reconstruction: USAID infrastructure projects have had mixed results and face sustainability challenges , June 2013 Haiti Observatory, Haitian environmental legislation, accessed, Oct. 4, 2016 EcoWatch, 10 Best (and Worst) Countries for Environmental Democracy, May 20, 2015 National Lawyers Guild - Environmental Justice Committee, Republic of Haiti - environmental justice, Oct. 3, 2011 New York Times, On Environmental Brink, Haiti Scrambles for a Lifeline, Nov. 9, 2009 Inter-American Development Bank, Haiti receives new IDB grant for its Caracol Industrial Park, Jan. 2, 2014 USAID, Environmental assessment of the SUAID/Haiti North Park power project, June 2011 Koios Associates, Etude des Impacts Environnementaux et Sociaux (EIES) du Parc Industriel dans la Région du Nord d’Haïti, May 13, 2011 Inter-American Development Bank, Mitigating the Environmental Impacts of the PIC in the Caracol Bay, Aug. 19, 2014 SAE-A, SAE-A Hait fact sheet, January 2016 Center for Economic and Policy Research, Environmental, Labor Concerns Overlooked in Rush to Build Caracol Park, Part II, July 9, 2012 Clinton Foundation, Caracol Industrial Park, accessed Sept. 23, 2016 U.S. Agency for International Development, Caracol Industrial Park, Aug. 8, 2016 Politico, The King and Queen of Haiti, May 4, 2015 Wall Street Journal, Hillary’s Half-Baked Haiti Project, Jan. 11, 2015 Miami Herald, Hillary Clinton-backed post-quake Haiti project ‘a work in progress’, May 3, 2015 Banco Interamericano de Desarrollo, Video: Thousands of jobs for Haiti, March 10, 2016 Slate, The Clintons Didn’t Screw Up Haiti Alone. You Helped.Sept. 22, 2016 Email interview, Lon Garwood, spokesman, Sae-A Trading, Oct. 5, 2016 Email interview, Mark D’Sa, senior advisor for industrial parks, Haiti Special Coordinator’s Office, U.S. Department of State, Sept. 23, 2016 Interview, Charles Krakoff, managing partner, Koios Associates, Oct. 3, 2016 Email interview, Scott Nova, executive director, Worker Rights Consortium, Sept. 30, 2016 Email interview, Steven Cheung, spokesman, Trump for President, Sept., 26, 2016 How to contact us Email comments and suggestions for fact-checks to truthometer@politifact.com or find us on Facebook, Twitter and Google+. (If you send us a comment, we'll assume you don't mind us publishing it unless you tell us otherwise.) Browse The Truth-O-MeterTM Barack Obama's file Pants-On-Fire rulings By our rulings By subject By person View recent articles Videos Advertisement Subscribe Keep up to date with PolitiFact Put a free PolitiFact widget on your blog or Web page Subscribe to our RSS feeds on Truth-O-Meter items Subscribe to our RSS feeds on GOP Pledge-O-Meter items Subscribe to our RSS feeds on Obameter items Follow us on Twitter Fan us on Facebook Advertise on PolitiFact Back to top Offices District of Columbia 1100 Connecticut Ave. NW Suite 440 Washington, DC 20036 202-463-0571 Florida 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 State Editions Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Iowa Illinois Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Rhode Island Pennsylvania Texas Virginia Wisconsin Special Editions National Global News Project PunditFact Policy Privacy Terms & Conditions Copyright Advertise With Us Media Kit Market info Rates & Specs About Us As Seen On Staff Process Funding State Editions Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Iowa Illinois Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Special Editions National Global News Project PunditFact Policy Privacy Terms & Conditions Copyright Advertise With Us Media Kit Market info Rates & Specs About Us As Seen On Staff Process Funding Stay Connected Fact-Check Suggestions © 2016 • All Rights Reserved • Tampa Bay Times Editions National Global News PunditFact States Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Illinois Iowa Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Truth-O-MeterTM All By subject True Mostly True Half True Mostly False False Pants on Fire! No Flip Half Flip Full Flop 2016 People Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Tim Kaine Mike Pence Barack Obama Chain E-mails Other people and groups Promises Obameter All Top 25 Promises By subject Not yet rated In the Works Stalled Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken GOP Pledge-O-Meter All By subject Not yet rated In the Works Stalled Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Pants On Fire About Us Our Process Our Staff Who Pays for Politifact Suggest a Fact Check Advertise
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, November 14, 2016 11:37 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Light Rain MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money WSJ: Amazon to build convenience stores Tuesday October 11, 2016 11:27 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Action cams for winter sports The Edit: Here’s how you can make your holiday travel less stressful Wanita PKR chief threatens to sue Jamal over assault claim The Edit: Dev Patel talks about Garth Davis’ ‘Lion’ Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Amazon is planning to build convenience stores and develop curbside pickup locations for food shoppers, according to a report by The Wall Street Journal. ― AFP picNEW YORK, Oct 11 — Amazon.com Inc is planning to build convenience stores and develop curbside pickup locations for food shoppers in its latest move to expand into groceries, The Wall Street Journal reported. Amazon’s stores will sell perishable goods including milk and meats, the newspaper said, citing unnamed sources. Customers in the stores can also order other items with longer shelf lives for same-day delivery, the Journal said. The Seattle-based e-commerce giant will also build drive-in locations for consumers in a rush where online grocery orders will be brought to the car. Only subscribers to Amazon’s Fresh service will have access to these stores, known as Project Como. Amazon representatives didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment. The grocery stores represent Amazon’s latest move to disrupt brick-and-mortar food shopping that’s still dominated by traditional retailers such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc. While Amazon has dominated in e-commerce, convincing customers to shop online for everything from toiletries to electronics, it has yet to crack groceries — which most consumers still buy offline. Previously, Amazon had focused on fresh food deliveries rather than establishing a physical presence but it’s encountering increased competition from Google, Instacart and others. Wal-Mart, whose main selling point has been its physical reach, started a grocery pickup service more than a year ago and has now expanded it to more than 100 markets. Customers can purchase online, drive to the parking lot of a Wal-Mart store and have their orders delivered to their cars. Even as Amazon uses the Fresh grocery service and Prime membership to keep customers loyal, Wal-Mart is trying to create a better online experience. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Global stocks fall with emerging markets as traders weigh US election One less haven for investors as Trump damages Denmark’s appeal Dollar advances on Trump bets as Japanese shares buoyed by GDP Australia should follow India and scrap big bank notes, UBS says KL shares lower in early trade Oil slumps as prospect of Trump victory roils global markets Stocks, dollar, Mexico peso jump after FBI clears Clinton Popularity becomes curse for Malaysia, Indonesia currencies US stocks decline after rally as election takes centre stage Malaysia growth push stymied by banks cautious on loans Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Two killed as powerful earthquake hits New Zealand Reuters Video: Trump picks Priebus as White House chief of staff Reuters Video: Supermoon rises in Spain Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Reuters Video: Duchess meets movie-star cat, animals go wild Reuters Video: Philippines’ Duterte says ‘Long live Trump’ Related Articles Samsung ads on Note 7 fires: We are truly sorry Robert De Niro, Julianne Moore drama lands at Amazon Amazon joins music wars with new streaming service Amazon seeks to settle EU antitrust e-book investigation Nine times Donald Trump complained about taxes on Twitter (VIDEO) Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
null
null
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News BLOG: Trump Win Roils Technology Sector NEWS & ANALYSIS: Electronica: CEO Forum Rambles on IoT Security, ... NEWS & ANALYSIS: Chip Forecast Rises Through 2017 NEWS & ANALYSIS: IoT: What NXP Has, What Qualcomm Lacks NEWS & ANALYSIS: NXP Drives Truck Platooning SPONSORED: Spend $3.14 at Arrow.com, get a FREE Raspberry Pi 3! Blog Mirror, Mirror: Outlandish Proposals to Revive Dead Malls Stephan Ohr, Consultant, Semiconductor Industry Analyst 10/11/2016 10:35 AM EDT  6 comments   post a comment NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet Semiconductor electronics, we believe, offers solutions for everything. Could it be used to generate department store traffic, bringing suburban shopping malls back from the dead? There was an eerie ghost town outside of Nyack New York, when I visited in late 2011. It was an indoor shopping mall with upscale department stores  fully-staffed with smartly-dressed dressed sales people, standing at attention and gazing expectantly toward the doors  looking out for customers that never seemed to come. On the day I visited the Nanuet Mall there were hardly any customers. Practically Zero. It was subsequently torn down. According to real estate trackers, a Dead Mall is one with a vacancy rate higher than 40%. The proportion of Dead Malls has been growing steadily since 2006, according to the New York Times. Internet shopping is only partly to blame. (Source: Steve Ohr, EE Times) This in fact is not an uncommon occurrence: There is even a web site (www.deadmalls.com) devoted to documenting these ghost towns. Recently, Macys announced it will shutter 100 of its 650 stores. The announcement cited a bad second quarter, but the famous department store had been suffering for years. Indeed, Macys pull back can be seen as the latest retail collapse, a trend effecting stores like Walmart, Target, JC Penney, and Kohl. CNN news cited the popularity and ubiquity of Internet shopping — Amazon, in particular — but I cant help wondering whether thats scapegoating. We suspect there is a regional story behind mall closures: In regions with high unemployment, mall traffic will be limited. Where people have discretionary income, they will populate the local mall.Think of Valley Fair in San Jose, right in the heart of Silicon Valley. In The Case for the American Mall, a promotional article on Orange Countys South Coast Plaza, Stephie Grob Plante says malls arent dying. Theyre changing. Outside of cities, malls as gathering places for young people. These are also places where you can try-on articles of clothing, and (if they fit) get immediate feedback and gratification. Technology, we argue, could give people additional reasons to go to the mall. Mirror, mirror, on the wall talk to me Trying five years ago to forecast the future growth of LED lighting, a friend pointed to a market potential I hadnt yet included on my spread sheets. On the LED lighting market, just now starting to take off, I forecast the best markets for LEDs were as replacements for overhead fluorescent tubes (primarily in offices and factories). While a replacement market, the semiconductor content for fluorescent tube replacements would be far greater than incandescent bulb replacements. (The bill of materials, BOM, would LED drivers, Bluetooth and Zigbee communications ports, even power transistors.) While I knew that the warmth and color hue of office lighting could be remotely controlled to effect workers productivity (e.g., warm light for conference rooms; bright white light for exercise centers), I had no spreadsheet for malls or department stores. The lighting at the cosmetic counters of high-end department stores could affect how women customers would feel about themselves. They could in fact try on lipsticks and evaluate their appearance under a variety of lighting conditions. And retailers will see money in this. An examine-yourself-in the-mirror product exists that IoT analysts are calling intelligent mirrors. (Also: Interactive Mirrors). In their current home versions (about $1,500 each), intelligent mirrors offer a blow up of your smartphone screen. On (say) the upper left of your bathroom mirror, youve got an icon telling you todays weather. On the bottom of your screen, youve got a NASDAQ stream, tuned, perhaps, to your favorite stocks. On the right side, youve got your to-do list for the day. The main purpose, like any bathroom mirror, would predictably help you do your daily grooming. But some intelligent mirrors can play music for you, talk to you, and respond to voice commands and gestures. Intelligent mirrors can offer a blow up of your smartphone screen. They can present your to-do list and appointment calendar. They can also play music or take voice commands. In the clothing try-on rooms of department stores, they can email the mirror images to your friends, and get real time feedback to the question: How do I look? (Source: Cybertecture) The department stores could take this a step further: embed a phone into the mirror with a touchpad surface. Call your friend or confidant while youre in front of the mirror, and send a picture of yourself wearing the new outfit: How do I look? For example, this tie selecting mirror. In terms of semiconductor content, we can foresee a billion dollars or more in revenue for these by 2020. Wed need cameras, and communications capability (perhaps a Blue Tooth connection to your phone). Youll need a heads-up display on the mirrors surface, voice command and control, as well as touch screen sensitivity. Amplifiers and lighting controls will be on your bill of materials (BOM), and a digital signal processor (DSP). Does someone out there want to start a company? Youre bill of materials is less than $30. But youll be able to sell these at Bed Bath and Beyond for $200 or more. It is possible — and this is where the department stores come in (too expensive for your home bathroom) — for the intelligent mirror to project how youd look in a clothing item youre not wearing. The technology would require the cameras youre using to recognize the color threads in a garment youre wearing (or a lipstick shade, for that matter), and to change them in the virtual mirror reflection. The system would have more than the ability to turn (say) red into violet, but to project patterns and prints. With the help of a DSP, an Intelligent Mirror can re-imagine the clothing youre wearing, and suggest new looks and styles. This could be a be a boon to department stores looking for imaginative ways to attract new shoppers. (Source: The New Indian Express Group) This capability could conceivable generate a lot of mall traffic in the not too distant future. Intelligent mirrors that take another step forward from retail distribution: Imagine a mirror that examines your state of health from the visual indicants you project. (You are aware, for example, that the camera in an iPhone 6 could read your pulse rate and blood pressure by taking images of your face. The changes in the oxygen content of your blood are visible to your cell phone camera — or your intelligent mirror — even if you cant see it with your own unaided glance. Email This Print Comment Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] User Rank Author It's not just malls DMcCunney   10/13/2016 1:54:36 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate This is a problem affecting brick and mortar retailing in general, and malls aren't the only ones suffering.  If the customer can find things in catalogs online, order, and have them delivered, why should they bestir themselves to visit a retailer?  For many classes of products, there's no need to do so. There are two reasons for actually going to a retailer.  One is products you must examine in person and possibly try, like fashion or food.  The other is social interaction, and actually being with other people.  The bit in the article about malls being meeting places for younger folks is an example.  There is still the problem of what folks will do once they have met, and the decline of brick and mortar retailers makes it acute. >Dennis   Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank CEO Re: The Mall is dead, long live the Mall! realjjj   10/12/2016 5:18:41 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Why not think further ahead, we could have a single outfit that can take any shape we need, self cleans and self repairs, monitors our health. Ofc even before that we could 3D print outfits at home. Malls do keep kids indoors and for adults shopping is not that important for social interactions in most of the world since most can't afford to shop much. Fewer cars on the road does lead to more street retail, terraces, parks, playgrounds and that does bring people out while having a positive economic impact. So that's one trend that helps, fewer cars in cities with more very small vehicles and autonomous cars. A shorter work week is unavoidable for a functional economy as robots take more and more jobs. More free time should increase the amount of time we spend socializing. Robots would be a big plus for social interactions. doesn't really matter that they are not flesh and blood. They would know what we need and what we want, they'll be our parents, teachers ,friends and lovers or even our therapists, all in one. The ethics are a bit complicated, what's the line between manipulation and steering a human in the right direction - we could easily lose free will. It's also wrong to see online interactions as less than in person interactions, as many do. There are differences but online interactions do have pluses too. It's easier to find people that have similar interests, it's easier to interact with different cultures. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Open a Petting Zoo inside these malls. Loser99   10/12/2016 4:20:49 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate A petting zoo will get people in the doors. Maybe rabid chickens with a feather disease in a camping tent or an aquarium full of rats. I have seen this done at mall where I live, Park Lane Mall.  Bulldozers came a year later. They had turtles too.   Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author The Mall is dead, long live the Mall! sixscrews   10/12/2016 1:40:20 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate The intellignet mirror idea is a good one - and the comments point out ways that it could be used to further bury the mall as a business. But if we dig deeper I wonder if retail selling of standardized products is endangered. If we have a system that could take our physical measurements, communicate them to the low cost and/or best quality producer who could then provide images of what we would look like in their products, why would we mess with 'off the rack' clothes if we could get tailored clothes with a few button presses on our home 'mirror?' A system like this would kill most clothing retailers, leaving only specilist operations providing personal service - something I have read of in multiple SF stories. I would be glad to kill malls - they suck energy and money from the core of communities - but replacing them with something you could use at home is a further isolation of people from other people. Maybe this is 'progress' and it dispenses with the chore of choosing clothes - freeing us to socialize with our friends and peers - but it's fraught with unintended consequences. On the other hand, the future is an experiment with unknown outcomes.  And I say, at age 66: bring it on. ss/wb Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank CEO ... realjjj   10/11/2016 5:17:15 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate This is a way to harm malls not revive them - not that reviving malls is a good thing. If Amazon puts such mirrors on the street or in subway stations, consumers have even fewer reasons to go into a store. One could also integrate the functionality in the HUD of a driverless car and have the product or service delivered to the car. Further down the road smart glasses could identify an outfit you spot on the street, show you how you look and in it and order one for you. This does make me wonder about glasses using colored light to complement makeup. Weird but interesting. A virtual and dynamic light makeup is so much more flexible than traditional makeup. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author it is deja vu all over again pinaz   10/11/2016 1:20:17 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Hmmm, I'm feeling deja vu.  If memory serves, there was a Beyond 2000 episode (late 1980s? very early 1990s?) with a segment on a company with an "intelligent mirror" product.  A deformable mirror took the place of the proposed DSPs to overlay clothing. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Most Recent Comments                 11/13/2016 6:03:41 PM David Ashton @Comm App... "If he can run this country as efficiently and results oriented as he has run his business empire, then we are in for a treat".  He's been bankrupt 4 times,... 11/13/2016 6:03:41 PM David Ashton @Comm App... "If he can run this country as efficiently and results oriented as he has run his business empire, then we are in for a treat".  He's been bankrupt 4 times,... 11/13/2016 3:48:05 PM traneus Flash-PROMs are available up to 4 megabits (512Kx8) in socketable 32-PLCC packages. These can be used as 19-input, 8-output lookup tables. Being socketed means they can be programmed... 11/13/2016 3:40:41 PM traneus dmanchester957, have you looked at the 6AS6 dual-control pentode? It's a 6AK5 with fine-pitch G3, so G3 has decent Gm to the plate. 11/13/2016 12:23:40 PM R_Colin_Johnson Thanks for the clarification--of course there is a single eledtrolyte in a dead Li-Ion battery, but when charged the migratin of cations and anion distinguish then plus there... 11/13/2016 8:54:35 AM Bill_Higdon From the Early Dr Dobbs days, there was one titled "The wreck of the sequential data files" to the tune of the wreck of the Edmond Fitsgerald 11/13/2016 8:51:19 AM Bill_Higdon You can build gates & inverters with Neon lamps so you could build a section of the machine with those. The details are in the old GE Glow lamp handbook 11/12/2016 9:51:20 PM realjjj Some are a bit old but funny nonetheless. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_47utWAoupo https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jClxcSBNwcw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J5d1YIc7kE4 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYY7OfQ4-5A Maybe... 11/12/2016 9:32:29 PM realjjj BTW, the radar is not used for braking in 8.0 , that only arrives with Software 8.1 You link to this Tesla blog post in the article https://www.tesla.com/blog/upgrading-autopilot-seeing-world-radar... 11/12/2016 9:02:43 PM texdave When did our political commentary become so immature?  Also, in the article they state Trump doesn't believe in an " inclusive country that fosters opportunity, creativity... Navigate to Related Links Google's Mobile VR Still a Wild West Where Are We with Thread IoT? China Signs IoT Interop Plan IoT: What NXP Has, What Qualcomm Lacks Energy Harvesting Seeks Good Vibes Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus "Your caption here!" 64 comments All Cartoons October 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest "Trick or Treat" A vacuum tube for you, an old transformer for you...ah, here's a real treat, a paper capacitor! 119 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  62   Why, Windows 10, Why?  53   TSMC, GF/Samsung Battle at 7nm  42   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  41   Accident on a Dark Freeway  37   Samsung to Ship 10nm SoCs in 2016  36   What Is Best & Worst STEM-Related Music Ever?  36   Did Processor Cause Samsung Note 7 Blowup?  27   Robo-Car's Safety Challenges DoT  25   What's the Best Way to Depict 1-to-5 in PY ...  23   Long-Living Products Defy Conventional Wisdom  42   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  23   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  20   Who Wouldn't Want a Big Hex Computer?  18   Another Tesla Crash, What It Teaches Us  8   Coating Stops Exploding Batteries  4   Electronica: CEO Forum Rambles on IoT ...  4   NXP Drives Truck Platooning  4   AI-Controlled Chessboard for the 21st Century  4   Lowly Bus Gets Reinvented  3   Chip Forecast Rises Through 2017 Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Design News | DesignCon | ESC Working With Us: About | Editorial Policies | Contact Us | Media Kits | Reprints Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2016 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
Subscribe Newsletter Search Login Home News Breaking News Design+Build Economic Development Energy Finance Food Biz Health Biz Manufacturing Nonprofit Business Real Estate & Development Small Biz/Second-Stage Higher Education Specials Supplements Michigan's Healthiest Employers Crystal Ball 2016 Southwest Michigan Spotlight CFO Award Profiles M&A Award Profiles Contact Staff Address Social Media Subscribe Print E-newsletters Newsstand Sales Advertise Reader demographics Editorial calendar Request rates Special supplements Events M&A Awards CFO of the Year Awards Best Managed Nonprofits West Michigan's Healthiest Employers Awards Careers Friday, 30 September 2016 14:15 Q&A: Jerry Davis, professor, University of Michigan Written by  Nick Manes font size decrease font size increase font size Print Email Rate this item 1 2 3 4 5 (0 votes) Jerry Davis, Wilbur K. Pierpont Collegiate Professor of Management and a professor of sociology, Ross School of Business, University of Michigan Courtesy Photo Over the last 20 years or so, several of America’s institutional corporations have vanished for a number of reasons, ranging from bankruptcy to a shifting technological landscape. University of Michigan professor Jerry Davis thinks that pattern will continue. In his recent book, The Vanishing American Corporation: Navigating the Hazards of a New Economy, Davis contends that our existing political and economic systems aren’t set up to handle a future where everyone is a self-employed entrepreneur in an on-demand economy. Before a talk at Grand Valley State University, Davis spoke with MiBiz about how intrinsic corporations are to American culture and why their diminishing power could lead to an “apocalypse” scenario.  Describe what you mean by this notion that American corporations are disappearing.  The number of companies listed on the stock market in the U.S. has dropped by half over the last 20 years. So while we think that corporations are taking over everything, to a surprising extent, you can think of all of these century-spanning corporations that just disappear like the rapture: Westinghouse, Kodak, Sears is going to be doomed, Blockbuster. There’s been a surprising sort of continuous drop since about 1997, and it shows no sign of letting up. What makes corporations so important to the American way of life? That’s where you get your health care, your retirement security, where you invest your retirement funds. … The U.S. is unique in being totally reliant on the corporation as a way of life. So because it’s so much more important for the U.S., it’s also much more disruptive for corporations to disappear because (it’s) where I do my health care and retirement. In the rest of the world, you get those things from the government, but in the U.S. it’s from corporate employers.  In your view, what does the disappearing corporation say about the shifting economy? Companies with big market capitalizations, no one actually works at them. … Kroger is the second biggest employer in the U.S. (behind Wal-mart) … but their market cap is one-tenth of Facebook, even though their revenues are eight times as big as Facebook. They’re still bigger than Amazon, but no one thinks of Kroger as being this powerful thing.  Aren’t the Ubers and Amazons making the world a better place? Information and communication technologies have greatly reduced the cost of market transactions. When you make it cheap to do things in markets, it comes at the expense of institutions.  What do you mean by that? Corporations with jobs, that’s an institution. You work for an employer for an extended period and that feels like an institution with obligations. With Uber, there’s no obligation. There’s a specific price for a specific performance. … And you don’t get promoted from Uber driver to (Uber) programmer. It’s the definition of hand-to-mouth existence. We used to talk about dead-end jobs, but at least jobs were jobs.  From your perspective, the death of the corporation leads to a bleak outcome. What are the stopgap measures you recommend? Politically, we have to have a national health care system. Our system is such a crazy Rube Goldberg jalopy that doesn’t make any damn sense. Every civilized country on earth has nationalized health care, and then there’s us. If you want people to move from job to job, you have to separate the basics of social welfare from employers.  Everyone loves the notion of small business and lowering barriers to entry. Political candidates talk about that all the time. You don’t buy it? On the one hand, it’s great because it means the barriers for outsiders to enter are a lot lower and that can be a good thing. … The potentially good thing is that people can start something small and see it grow very big, very fast. That didn’t used to be true. But there’s a bunch of flip sides to that. We thought corporations controlled our politics and now there aren’t so many corporations doing that anymore.  Post-Citizens United, you don’t think corporations have an influence on politics?  Would you rather have General Motors influencing your policies or would you rather have the Koch brothers or Sheldon Adelson, the casino owner? It’s really rich people and families more than corporations, per se, that are controlling the politics. … The flipside is, it’s a lot easier to beat a big corporation into shape than to beat an ecosystem into shape.  Those corporations can also help lead change in society, too. When Wal-mart decides to green their supply chain and force all of their suppliers to lower the carbon content, that’s pretty badass. That’s something a Wal-mart can do that 1,000 independent stores can’t do. … If they use their power for good, they can do an awful lot of good.  What does this show about our common notions of corporations? Rather than seeing corporations as inherently evil or a good thing, corporations are like diesel trucks. They’re a tool for getting stuff done. If the stuff you’re doing is rescuing people from refugee camps, that’s a good truck. And if it’s running down children, then that’s a bad truck. But the truck itself … corporations are a means and not an end in itself. It’s a tool. We don’t want to attribute any intrinsic morality or immorality to them. Read 742 times Last modified on Sunday, 02 October 2016 23:14 Tweet Published in Q&A Tagged under Jerry Davis University of Michigan Grand Valley State University Kodak Blockbuster Sears Kroger Nick Manes Staff writer nmanes@mibiz.com Latest from Nick Manes Q&A: Keith Creagh Director, Michigan Department of Natural Resources GVSU, Cornerstone plan engineering curriculum partnership Lame Duck Legislative Outlook: TIF/DDA reforms, brownfield changes on deck New medical buildings spur suburban Grand Rapids office rebound Chemical Financial explores moving regional HQ in downtown GR Related items GVSU, Cornerstone plan engineering curriculum partnership ‘Collaborative enterprise’ New engineers need soft skills, business acumen to succeed, execs say Grand Rapids water deemed safe; experts say further infrastructure investment needed Wirt-Rivette Group plans Belknap neighborhood condo development New overtime regulations likely to hinder nonprofit capacity More in this category: « ArtPrize director eyes what’s next for organization Q&A: Tom Lyons, Director, Michigan State University Product Center » back to top Breaking News MiBiz Growth Report: Nov. 14, 2016 Chemical Financial explores moving regional HQ in downtown GR West Michigan veterans find solace, opportunity in agriculture Perrigo reports $1.25 billion loss, explores ‘strategic alternatives’ for royalty stream tied to MS drug South Haven Health System wins vote to join Bronson Healthcare Group CLICK HERE « < November 2016 > » S M T W T F S 30 31 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 1 2 3 Follow MiBiz West Michigan veterans find solace, opportunity in agriculture South Haven Health System wins vote to join Bronson Healthcare Group Spectrum Health to break ground on new campus in Ada Sponsored Content: Develop the best succession plan for you and your business Sponsored Content: Local Ownership Key to Consumers Concrete’s Long History of Success SpartanNash to acquire Indiana food distribution and processing firm for $217.5 million Proposed Hinman Co. 40-story tower receives city approval Administrative issues to blame for Mercy Health’s low grade on report card Partner, sell or IPO? West Michigan life sciences companies weigh complex next steps Commerce derailed: Fight over 3.3 miles of railroad track hampers business in West Michigan
null
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Disappointing Alcoa Results May Weigh On Wall Street 10/11/2016 8:45 AM ET The major U.S. index futures are pointing to a lower opening on Tuesday following the release of weaker than expected third quarter results from aluminum giant Alcoa (AA). The release of quarterly results from Alcoa is seen as the unofficial start of earnings season, with financial giants Citigroup (C), JPMorgan Chase (JPM) and Wells Fargo (WFC) due to report their results later this week. Overall trading activity may be somewhat subdued, however, as some traders may stay on the sidelines amid a lack of major U.S. economic data. The minutes of the latest Federal Reserve meeting and reports on retail sales and producer prices are likely to attract attention in the coming days. U.S. stocks closed Monday's session higher amid a rally in crude oil prices. The major averages opened higher and moved roughly sideways until early afternoon trading. After giving back some of their gains over the remainder of the session, the averages ended moderately higher. The Dow Industrials added 88.55 points or 0.49 percent before ending at 18,329, the S&P 500 Index ended up 9.92 points or 0.46 percent at 2,164 and the Nasdaq Composite closed at 5,329, up 36.27 points or 0.69 percent. Eighteen of the thirty Dow components ended the session higher and four stocks were little changed, while the remaining eight stocks retreated. Exxon Mobil (XOM), Chevron (CVX), Boeing (BA), Merck (MRK) and Apple (AAPL) were among the biggest gainers of the session, but Procter & Gamble (PG) and Wal-Mart (WMT) fell sharply. Among the sectors, energy, banking, airline and telecom stocks turned in some of the best performances on the day. Commodity, Currency Markets Crude oil futures for November delivery are slipping $0.34 to $51.01 a barrel after ending Monday's session up $1.54 at $51.35 a barrel, the highest closing level since July 15th, 2015. Meanwhile, an ounce of gold is currently trading at $1,258, down $2.40 from the previous session's close of $1,260.40. On Monday, gold rose $8.90, snapping a 6-session losing streak. On the currency front, the U.S. dollar is trading at 103.64 yen compared to the 103.61 yen it fetched at the close of New York trading on Monday. Against the euro, the dollar is valued at $1.1090 compared to yesterday's $1.1139. Asia The Asian markets closed mixed, with the Singapore, South Korean, Taiwanese and Hong Kong markets declining, while the rest of the markets advanced. The Indian market was closed for a public holiday. The Japanese market, which opened after Monday's public holiday, advanced as the yen remained weak. The Nikkei 225 Index opened higher and rose steadily in the morning. Although there was a slight loss of momentum by the mid-session, the index consolidated in the afternoon, closing up 164.67 points or 0.98 percent at a more than 1-month high of 17,025. Food, chemical, pharma, export, utility, telecom and most resource stocks gained ground, while some housing, real estate, steel, financial and retail stocks came under selling pressure. Australia's All Ordinaries Index ended modestly higher, although well off its best levels. The index ended at 5,562, up 6.70 points or 0.12 percent. Energy and material stocks rallied strongly and consumer and utility stocks saw moderate strength, but most other sectors lost ground. China's Shanghai Composite Index closed 17.11 points or 0.56 percent higher at 3,065, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index surrendered all its morning gains by early afternoon trading and languished below the unchanged line thereafter. The index ended down 302.30 points or 1.27 percent at 23,550. On the economic front, the results of a survey by National Australia Bank showed that confidence among businesses in Australia was unchanged in September. The corresponding index was static at 6, although above the expected reading of 5. The business conditions index rose 1 point to 8. A report released by the Australian Bureau of Statistics showed that the total number of home loans issued in Australia fell 3 percent month-over-month in August. This was steeper than the 1.5 percent drop expected by economists. This follows a 4.5 percent drop in July. Investment lending edged up 0.1 percent. Data released by the Ministry of Finance showed that Japan's current account surplus came in at 2.0 trillion yen in August, more than the 1.5 trillion yen expected by economists and the 1.94 trillion-yen surplus in July. The trade surplus was also wider than expected at 243.2 billion yen, as exports fell 9.6 percent and imports declined a steeper 18.3 percent. Europe European stocks are holding up despite a volatile morning session. While the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index has inched up by 0.1 percent, the French CAC 40 Index and the German DAX Index are both up by 0.2 percent. On the economic front, German investor sentiment climbed at a faster-than-expected pace in October to its highest level in four months, the results of a survey by the Centre for European Economic Research/ZEW showed. The ZEW Indicator of Economic Sentiment rose to 6.2 from 0.5 in each of the previous two months. Economists had expected a score of 4. The latest reading was the strongest since June's 19.2. Data released by the British Retail Consortium showed that like-for-like sales in the U.K. rose 0.4 percent year-over-year in September, belying expectations for a 0.3 percent drop. U.S. Economic Reports There are no market moving economic reports due for the day. Stocks in Focus Shares of Alcoa are moving lower in pre-market trading after the aluminum giant reported third quarter earnings and revenues that came in below analyst estimates. Rent-A-Center- (RCII) may also come under pressure after warning of much weaker than expected third quarter earnings. Illumina (ILMN) pre-announced third quarter revenues of about $607 million, a 10 percent increase year-over-year but below the company's guidance of $625 million to $630 million. The company attributed the shortfall to a larger than expected decline in high throughput sequencing instruments. Coca-Cola (KO) announced that it intends to buy Anheuser-Busch Inbev's (BUD) stake in Coca-Cola Beverages Africa following the closing of the ABI combination with SABMiller. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America These Companies Are Sitting On Mountains Of Cash Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Continental Stock Dips On Weak Q3 Profit; Sees Strong Earnings In Q4 AstraZeneca Q3 Pre-tax Profit Down On Crestor Generic; Backs FY View Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out Viacom Q4 Adj. Profit Beats View, But Revenues Miss Munich Re Lifts FY16 Profit View As Q3 Profit Climbs; Stock Dips E.ON 9-month Attributable Net Loss Narrows; Maintains Weak FY16 Earnings View Pampered Puppies: PetSmart Offers Same Day Delivery Myers Industries Q3 Adj. Profit Misses View, But Revenues Beat Veterans Day Free Meals At Certain Chains ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise ARWR's Hepatitis B Drug On Clinical Hold, GMED Disappoints, A First For MYL AdvancePierre Foods Appoints Christopher Sliva As President MDCO Tastes Bitter, PRTO Awaits Phase 3 Data In Dec., It's Time To Cherish IONS ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Pampered Puppies: PetSmart Offers Same Day Delivery Veterans Day Free Meals At Certain Chains Facebook Taking Aim At LinkedIn Adecco Group Turns To Profit In Q3 - Quick Facts Deutsche Post DHL Q3 Profit Surges; Reaffirms FY16 Outlook - Quick Facts Crédit Agricole Group Q3 Underlying Net Income Group Share Up 4.1% - Quick Facts ArcelorMittal Turns To Profit In Q3; Sees Sequential Drop In Q4 Profit Nikon H1 Profit Up 54%; To Cut 1,000 Jobs In Restructuring - Quick Facts Henkel Q3 Profit Rises; Confirms 2016 Outlook Aixtron AG Posts Wider Loss In 9-month; Reiterates 2016 Revenue Guidance Rational Q3 Profit Edges Up; Confirms FY Outlook Elringklinger Q3 Profit Declines; Sees FY16 EBIT At Low End Of Range Toyota Motor H1 Profit Declines, Revenue Down 7.2%; Revises Forecasts Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
null
« Return to Mobile Website Newsletters Sign-Up Schedule a Demo Does My Company Subscribe? Client Login eMarketer PRO Login eMarketer Retail Login Does my company subscribe? Contact Us Newsletters Sales: 1-800-405-0844 Articles Customer Stories Why eMarketer Plans Product Tour Research Topics Consumers Just Aren't into Buying Packaged Goods Online Ecommerce represents a small percentage of overall packaged food and household goods sales October 11, 2016 | Retail & Ecommerce | CPG Share Email Print Even as consumers gravitate to purchasing books, apparel, electronics and many other items through ecommerce channels, shoppers remain steadfast in their desire to purchase grocery items at a brick-and-mortar store, as explored in a new eMarketer report, “CPG Ecommerce in the US: Expectations and Strategies for Growth” (eMarketer PRO customers only). There are many valid, practical reasons for this. The desire to see, touch and smell is understandable when purchasing fresh foods, but several other issues remain. The ability to get products immediately when shopping in-store, the time it takes to create an online shopping account, the delivery costs and the fact that going to the grocery store is so ingrained are just some of the factors that have stymied acceptance of grocery shopping via the internet. Even as brands acknowledge consumers are beginning to buy packaged goods products through ecommerce channels, they also know the number of consumers who do so is low. Sales through these channels are still a small percentage of overall sales. Financial services investing firm Cowen and Company examined the ecommerce market in a deep-dive study of Amazon. In February and March 2016, Cowen and Company asked 2,500 US adults where they had purchased groceries in the past 30 days. Nearly eight in 10 (78%) respondents said a supermarket, while 61% said Wal-Mart. Just 8% said online. A February 2016 study by public relations firm Walker Sands Communications examined the channels US internet users used to purchase various products. Fully 90% of respondents had purchased food/grocery in a physical store in the past year, while 86% had purchased CPG in-store. These shares were much higher than for other categories on the list, including apparel, household goods, books and electronics. Similarly, the number of respondents who purchased groceries or CPG via Amazon or another third-party digital retailer was much lower than for nearly every other category, except luxury items. A May 2016 survey of US internet users by Salesforce showed an even stronger preference for in-store food shopping. Among respondents who had purchased consumer goods in the past 12 months, 95% preferred to buy food in-store. Nearly six in 10 favored physical stores for home goods. Despite consumers’ preference for buying packaged goods in-store, other studies show that they are at least dipping a toe into ecommerce channels. Market research and consulting firm TrendSource polled 3,004 US grocery buyers ages 18 and older in May 2016. The survey found 22% of respondents said they bought groceries digitally. But of those that did, 91% said that one-quarter or less was purchased via digital channels. Just 8% said that 26% to 50% of their grocery purchases were done digitally. When looking just at digital buyers, the percentage that used digital channels for food shopping was higher. A May 2016 survey of more than 1,000 US digital buyers ages 18 to 64 by ad agency DigitasLBi showed that 63% of respondents had purchased food by digital channels recently. However, the food category ranked the lowest among the eight sectors examined. eMarketer PRO customers can view the full report here. Get more on this topic with the full eMarketer report, “CPG Ecommerce in the US: Expectations and Strategies for Growth.” eMarketer releases over 200 analyst reports per year, which are only available to eMarketer PRO customers. See the full list of reports available to PRO customers Learn more about the full eMarketer PRO product PRO Customers can log in and access all research Previous Article Next Article Latest from eMarketer Latest Articles Latest Webinars How Data Affects Client-Agency Relationships Interactive Video Drives Millennial Engagement for Cotton Inc. Uncertainty Around Expected Christmas Spend in the UK More Articles » eMarketer Daily Newsletter » Account-Based Marketing—Beyond the Hype Millennials—A Moving Target for Marketers Artificial Intelligence for Marketers—The Future is Already Here More Webinars » More on this Topic CMO One-to-One: Nestlé Waters North America Doubles Down on Ecommerce What Do Smartphone Users Buy on Their Devices? How CPG Brands Can Stimulate Sales in the Digital Aisle Join eMarketer for a free webinar: Account-Based Marketing—Beyond the Hype eMarketer Webinar Thursday, November 17, 1pm ET Click to Register. Space is limited. made possible by    SHARE SHARE THIS Go beyond the articles: eMarketer Products You've never experienced research like this. SEE FEATURES » Hear from our clients: Customer Stories Nearly all Fortune 500 companies rely on us. READ MORE » Want to learn more? Contact Us Inquire about corporate subscriptions today. CONTACT SALES » About eMarketer Contact Us Events Newsroom Advertising Opportunities Career Opportunities Privacy Policy Call Us: 1-800-405-0844 Coverage by Topic Advertising & Marketing B2B Demographics Ecommerce Email Media Usage, Buying & Planning Mobile Search Social Video NEW! Create your own charts on these topics, instantly. Try it now > Coverage by Geography Asia-Pacific Central & Eastern Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa North America Western Europe Coverage by Industry Automotive Consumer Products Financial Services Media & Entertainment Pharma & Healthcare Retail Travel Popular Articles Why Marketers Haven't Mastered Multichannel TV Campaigns Extend Reach via Facebook Ads How Effective Has Personalization Been So Far? Explore More Articles »         Copyright eMarketer Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content Labs Blog Mobile About Us Help Login / Register Home Updates Countries Disasters Topics Organizations Jobs Training Welcome to ReliefWeb The leading source for reliable and timely humanitarian information on global crises and disasters since 1996. ReliefWeb Subscription Benefits Manage subscriptions Setup and manage your email subscriptions to new reports, jobs and more. Manage favorites Track content relevant to you on the site. Post a job vacancy Advertise job, consulting and internships vacancies. Post a training program Advertise training programs for the humanitarian community. Log In Username or e-mail address * You may login with either your assigned username or your e-mail address. Password * The password field is case sensitive. Forgot password? New to ReliefWeb? Sign Up Username * Spaces are allowed; punctuation is not allowed except for periods, hyphens, apostrophes, and underscores. E-mail address * A valid e-mail address. All e-mails from the system will be sent to this address. The e-mail address is not made public and will only be used if you wish to receive a new password or wish to receive certain news or notifications by e-mail. Leave this field blank Log in Leave this field blank Home Updates Countries Disasters Topics Organizations Jobs Training About Us Help ReliefWeb Informing humanitarians worldwide. A service provided by ReliefWeb has been the leading online source for reliable and timely humanitarian information on global crises and disasters since 1996. Learn more about ReliefWeb Still relevant after all these years ReliefWeb is not only pertinent in a disaster environment or humanitarian emergency ; indeed, the users I canvassed in Nairobi, the biggest hub for humanitarian actors in Africa, pointed to all... Visit the blog Connect With ReliefWeb Receive news about us Related Sites Submit Content Share information through ReliefWeb to better inform humanitarians worldwide. How to submit content Tools API - Real-time data stream to power next-generation apps. Location Maps - Country maps for your reports and presentations. Humanitarian Icons - Ready-to-use symbols and icons. Free download. ReliefWeb Videos - Selected humanitarian videos for countries, topics and organizations. RSS - Subscribe to information finely tuned to your needs. Frequently Asked Questions - Get answers to common problems and learn more about ReliefWeb. Contact Us - Ask questions and suggest improvements.
147686468041 Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs Subscribe Manage Manage my account Preferences Newsletters Subscribe to TV Weekly Subscribe to Newsday Manage my account Subscribe to TV Weekly Uh-Oh! It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information. If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account. If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button. Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account. CONNECT ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE Today's Paper Today's paper / archives » Newsday Fun Book » Recent covers gallery » Special sections » Traffic 0 Weather 39° Log in Log out Sections Home Long Island Top Stories Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns Investigations Data and maps Commuting LI Life History Obituaries Sports Top Stories Yankees Mets Islanders Rangers Jets Giants Knicks Nets High school College Columns Videos Scores Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Media MMA Motor Racing Olympics Soccer Opinion Top Stories Matt Davies Columnists Letters to the editor Submit your letter Business Top Stories Real Estate Technology Cars Columns Mutual funds Markets Stocks Nation and World Nation and World NYC State and Region Health Technology Weird news Lottery Entertainment Top Stories Movies TV Celebrities Music Books Theater Reality TV Crosswords Puzzles Comics Lifestyle Top Stories Restaurants Family Pets Travel Food and Drink Top 100 Restaurants Fashion and Shopping Home and Garden LI Getaways Recreation Retirement Advice Events Thanksgiving Gift Guides Things to do Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages Legal Notices Obituaries Crosswords More Today's Paper Weather Traffic and Transit Data and maps Photos Videos Act 2 Horoscopes Advice Columns Lottery Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs HistoryLong Island New historical marker in Babylon to honor War of 1812 incident Updated October 11, 2016 6:00 AM By Nicholas Spangler  nicholas.spangler@newsday.com Reprints + - Margaret Rohl, Kenny Rohl, Karen Rohl, Babylon Mayor Ralph Scordino and Fritzi Rohl at Porter's Landing in Babylon Tuesday, Oct. 11, 2016. Photo Credit: Barry Sloan advertisement | advertise on newsday advertisement | advertise on newsday Margaret Rohl, Kenny Rohl, Karen Rohl, Babylon Mayor Ralph Scordino and Fritzi Rohl at Porter's Landing in Babylon Tuesday, Oct. 11, 2016. (Credit: Barry Sloan) A modest historical marker attesting to Babylon Village’s role in a true tale of swashbuckling adventure will be posted this fall on Shore Road along Sumpwams Creek, replacing an original that had become worn. “Porter’s Landing,” the replacement will read, in black letters in a blue frame, along with the date July 6, 1814. “On this site American naval hero David Porter landed after escaping... Optimum Online customers get unlimited digital access Log in There's more to the story! Subscribe now. Get unlimited digital access $14.99 A MONTH Join Now To continue reading, Newsday subscribers log in To continue reading, Newsday subscribers log in or register A modest historical marker attesting to Babylon Village’s role in a true tale of swashbuckling adventure will be posted this fall on Shore Road along Sumpwams Creek, replacing an original that had become worn. “Porter’s Landing,” the replacement will read, in black letters in a blue frame, along with the date July 6, 1814. “On this site American naval hero David Porter landed after escaping from a British Blockade ship.” Most Popular LI educators nearly half of NY’s 100 top-paid Cops: Man held after firing weapon near bar Cops look at Chase Bank, Staples break-ins LI billionaire helped steer Trump to victory Cops: 1 dead in LIE tractor trailer crash Porter was 32, marked for death or capture by the British admiralty after commanding the USS Essex to America’s first victory over a British man-of-war in the War of 1812, and later taking a transport carrying $50,000 of British gold bullion, Jack Whitehouse wrote in his 2011 book, “Fire Island.” Captured in 1814 after a ferocious battle against two British gunships off the coast of Chile that killed or wounded 155 of the 225 men under Porter’s command, the survivors were allowed to sail back to Sandy Hook, New Jersey. The British, however, stopped them before they reached their destination. The 1875 “Memoir of Commodore David Porter” suggests that the British may have been preparing to renege on an agreement to let the Americans sail back under their own power and instead took them into custody. TownsAll around Babylon The memoir recounts his escape to Babylon: Porter left a message that he was “armed and prepared to defend himself,” then took a boat and rowed with his men about 60 miles through dense fog to Babylon. advertisement | advertise on newsday The memoir does not dwell on the reaction of the tiny settlement’s fishermen, farmers and tradesmen to the sudden appearance of a band of haggard, armed strangers, except to say that they initially “discredited” Porter’s story. “When the Babylonians were satisfied of Porter’s true character, they hauled his boat from the water, and placing it on wheels, he was conducted by a number of the towns people to the city of New York,” according to the memoir. He was a badly needed hero to the young nation, greeted with parades, an audience with the U.S. secretary of the Navy and soon, another commission. Porter’s later career was brilliant but checkered, including a court martial for the unsanctioned invasion of Puerto Rico after the jailing of one of his officers, command of the Mexican Navy and a stint as American ambassador to the Ottoman Empire. Towns9 places to see in Babylon For Babylon Town historian Mary Cascone, the story fits with others, like the burning by the British of the first Presbyterian Church during the Revolution, and the service during that war and the War of 1812 of Joel Cook, a soldier with Babylon ties. @Newsday Tweets from @Newsday/newsday-staff Taken together, they sketch a rich, sometimes violent picture of the community during Colonial times. “We have these little anecdotes, little pieces of history,” she said. “We’ve forgotten so much.” But, she said, “If we can do the research, find the information and share it, we’ll find something around every corner.” Margaret and Baron Rohl, who own the property where Porter made his landing, said they welcome the historical marker’s return. “We’re longtime Babylonians,” Margaret Rohl said. “This is part of the village history.” Get The 1600 newsletter Our inside look at the race to the White House. sign up    Click here to read or post comments Comments Newsday.com now uses Facebook for our comment boards. Please read our guidelines and connect your Facebook account to comment. More coverage Train hits man on LIRR tracks, MTA says A man was airlifted to Stony Brook University Hospital after being struck by an LIRR School officials: Tax hikes are IDA’s fault Town passes $223.5M budget for 2017 Like it? Share it! Back to Top Services Subscribe Manage my Newsday Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps Newsday mobile Our Network News 12 am New York Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes CareerBuilder Optimum Newsday Connect News 12 Varsity News Long Island Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns NYC U.S. / World Business Technology Commuting History Data and Maps Traffic Obituaries Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Islanders Rangers Yankees Mets High school Colleges Columns Scores Videos Photo Entertainment Celebrities Movies TV Music Restaurants Theater Lifestyle Family Shopping Pets Events Travel Books Weekend Guide Thanksgiving Gift Guides Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages More Crossword Weather Photos Videos LI Life Act 2 Lottery RSS Archive Site Map Privacy Policy Your ad choices Terms of Service Subscription Terms Contact Newsday Careers Reprints & Permissions Media Kit Advertise with Newsday Help Copyright ©   Newsday. All rights reserved.
null

null
Local teachers honored by Walmart - KSWO, Lawton, OK- Wichita Falls, TX: News, Weather, Sports. ABC, 24/7, Telemundo - Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home News Local News Oklahoma Headlines National International Tech Political Stories from the Associated Press A Child Who Hopes Entertainment CNN Videos Recalls Weather My SkyWarn 7 Radar Online 24/7 Live Streaming Weather Video 5th Season Weather FAQ Sports High School Sports Cameron Oklahoma Sports Headlines National Sports OU OSU OKC Thunder Texas Sports Headlines Cowboys Rangers Video Slideshows 7 News Video On Demand Medwatch Medwatch Articles Medwatch Videos MedWatch Blog Business Community Lifestyle Lost and Found 7News Editorial What's On Programming Schedule 7-Too Programming guide Telemundo Program Guide abc.com About Us On-Air Staff Bios KSWO-TV Coverage Map KSWO Job Listings EEO Report Closed Captioning on KSWO 7 News 7News app update How to use the SkyWARN 7 weather app Local teachers honored by Walmart 2016-10-11T03:42:48Z2016-10-11T04:13:20Z By David Bradley, Anchor Email Connect davidbradley@kswo.com (Courtesy KSWO) Lawton, OK(KSWO)-Four Lawton Public School Teachers were recognized Monday night, for their contributions in the classroom. This is part of Walmart's nationwide search for the top 'Commanders-in-teach'. The 4 educators from the Lawton Public school system were selected among hundreds of nominations. During the Lawton School Board’s regular meeting, they were surprised with a $590 check from Walmart, and a tub full of supplies. Walmart says the average teacher spends close to $500 of their own money on classroom supplies each year. Two of the winners told 7NEWS this will make a huge difference. “This will help quite a bit to help the learning be a fun environment for the kids,” said Nicole Tarpley, 4th-grade teacher at Ridgecrest Elementary. “We are constantly reusing supplies that get used up every day, like pencils and dry erase markers, so it will really help offset some of the costs of things I've already bought for my classroom,” said Erin Berry, Special Education teacher at MacArthur Middle School. The other Lawton teachers who won were Tiffani Veal, who is a vocational education teacher at Central Middle School, and Kristina Morris, who teaches fifth grade at Ridgecrest Elementary. Local NewsNewsMore>> Anti-Trump protests continue in New York, LA, Philadelphia Anti-Trump protests continue in New York, LA, Philadelphia Posted: Sunday, November 13 2016 8:57 PM EST2016-11-14 01:57:10 GMT Updated: Sunday, November 13 2016 8:57 PM EST2016-11-14 01:57:10 GMT Saturday protests - held in big cities such as Los Angeles, New York and Chicago as well as smaller ones, such as Worcester, Massachusetts, and Iowa City, Iowa - were largely peaceful, although two police officers were slightly injured in protests in Indianapolis. Immigrants, their advocates and others opposing a Donald Trump presidency continued to protest Sunday, speaking out against the president-elect's support of deportation and other measures. France marks 1 year since Paris attacks, wary and watched France marks 1 year since Paris attacks, wary and watched Posted: Sunday, November 13 2016 6:17 PM EST2016-11-13 23:17:16 GMT Updated: Sunday, November 13 2016 6:17 PM EST2016-11-13 23:17:16 GMT The complex planning behind the Nov. 13 attacks and the high number of deaths revealed a degree of French vulnerability not previously suspected by authorities. Less insouciant, more policed - France is a changed place since Islamic State extremists killed 130 people in the country's deadliest attacks a year ago. Fearing it's becoming more divided, too, survivors and... NFL of the Week: Like and share NFL of the Week: Like and share Posted: Friday, November 11 2016 3:43 PM EST2016-11-11 20:43:29 GMT Updated: Sunday, November 13 2016 7:00 AM EST2016-11-13 12:00:12 GMT The Seahawks and Patriots meet for the first time since Super Bowl XLIX, and bad news gets things a little Cagey, in this week's "NFL of the Week." The Seahawks and Patriots meet for the first time since Super Bowl XLIX, and bad news gets things a little Cagey, in this week's "NFL of the Week." Iowa upsets No. 2 Michigan 14-13 on last-second field goal Iowa upsets No. 2 Michigan 14-13 on last-second field goal Posted: Sunday, November 13 2016 12:46 AM EST2016-11-13 05:46:30 GMT Updated: Sunday, November 13 2016 12:46 AM EST2016-11-13 05:46:30 GMT A bad final series by Michigan's offense and a crushing penalty put Iowa in position to pull off the massive upset. Michigan failed its first major road test of the season. Your Week in Viral Videos: So, this seems safe Your Week in Viral Videos: So, this seems safe Posted: Saturday, November 12 2016 12:21 PM EST2016-11-12 17:21:56 GMT Updated: Saturday, November 12 2016 12:21 PM EST2016-11-12 17:21:56 GMT The "Flying Frenchies" are here to give you second-hand vertigo by BASE jumping from a zip line. The "Flying Frenchies" are here to give you second-hand vertigo by BASE jumping from a zip line.    Can't Find Something? 1401 SE 60th Street Lawton, OK 73501 (580) 355-7000 FCC Public File nbowers@kswo.com (580) 355-7000 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Sections News Politics Weather Good Day Trending Traffic Sports Health Entertainment Contests About Us Community WRBW My65 70° © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Fox Television Stations, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad ChoicesPublic File Local News News U.S. World News Unusual Politics News Politics Weather Good Day Trending Traffic Sports Health Entertainment Contests About Us Community WRBW My65 Videos Cyber crooks aim for your information with misplaced USB scam Sunday church services focus on Trump 4 shot during block party in Orange Co. Photos Turning marijuana in medicine Weather Babies: Nov. 7 to Nov. 11 Orlando Magic pay tribute to Pulse victims © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Fox Television Stations, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad ChoicesPublic File Claims being filed for Hurricane Matthew FOX 35 News Posted:Oct 10 2016 08:31PM EDT Updated:Oct 10 2016 08:31PM EDT Claims being filed for Hurricane Matthew Local News Claims being filed for Hurricane Matthew Citizens Property Insurance policyholders have filed more than 1,100 claims regarding Hurricane Matthew as of Monday afternoon and more claims are expected, according to the state-backed insurer. Related Stories Crooks aim for your information with USB scam Sunday church services focus on Trump Car crashes into Orlando home 4 shot during block party in Orange Co. TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (NSF) - Citizens Property Insurance policyholders have filed more than 1,100 claims regarding Hurricane Matthew as of Monday afternoon and more claims are expected, according to the state-backed insurer. Meanwhile, an industry analysis projects overall losses from the storm being “manageable.” Of the Citizens' claims, 963 came from property owners in Volusia, Brevard, Flagler, St. Johns and Duval counties, the regions hardest hit by the storm that battered Florida's coastline late last week. No estimates of damages caused by Matthew were immediately available, Citizens spokesman Michael Peltier said Monday. Citizens claims specialists will be at temporary locations starting Tuesday at the Searstown Mall in Titusville andThursday outside a Walmart in Cocoa, according to a press release issued by the insurer. Hurricane Hermine, which hit northern Florida in early September, resulted in 827 claims, totaling $284,000 in damages, filed by Citizens policyholders in the first three weeks after the storm. Because the more powerful and deadly Matthew didn't make a direct hit on the Sunshine State last week, the overall impact on the insurance industry won't be as bad as it could have been. Data analysis firm CoreLogic is projecting the storm, which hammered Georgia and South Carolina as well as Florida, will result in $4 billion to $6 billion in insured-property loss. CoreLogic's projection --- that about 1.5 billion residential and commercial properties are expected to have been impacted by Matthew --- is based on insurance claims related to high winds and flooding, not on overall economic impacts. Ninety percent of the anticipated Matthew claims are expected to be related to wind damage, and 10 percent from storm surge. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina in 2005 caused between $35 billion and $40 billion in damages along the Gulf Coast, while Hurricane Sandy, which hit the Northeast in 2012, resulted in $15 billion to $20 billion in property damages. The recent projections are a vast improvement over the pre-storm outlook, when the major hurricane that caused hundreds of deaths in Haiti had prospects of making a direct landfall on the Atlantic Coast. Bloomberg News had projected that damages could reach $25 billion to $35 billion, while Moody's Analytics forecast losses near $70 billion, including economic impacts. But by Friday, as Matthew churned off northeast Florida's coastline, the outlook was already improving. Christopher A. Grimes, director of Chicago-based Fitch Ratings, projected the insurance losses from Matthew will be manageable. "Hurricane Matthew will pressure the earnings of some insurance underwriters in Florida and other southeast states but is not expected to present a major capital challenge," Grimes said in a press release Friday. On Monday, Moody's issued a statement saying the long-term impacts of the storm on Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina, are expected to be “minimal.”   Information provided by The News Service of Florida.   false false false false false false false false false Popular false false false Recent Magic Top Thunder 119-117 Dolphins Get Past Chargers 31-24 Bucs Crush Bears 36-10 Texans Beat Jaguars 24-21 UCF Beats Cincinnati 24-3 Stories You May Be Interested In – includes Advertiser Stories false false false All content © Copyright 2000-2015 Fox Television Stations, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
GoSearch News 3 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WTKR.com Menu News Politics Health Taking Action Sports Coast Live Contests Team 3 Events WGNT Traffic Weather 39° 39° Low 38° High 61° Mon 44° 58° Tue 44° 62° Wed 47° 64° See complete forecast News 3 Exclusive: Former officer’s wife speaks out about her husband’s manslaughter conviction Posted 12:00 am, October 11, 2016, by Margaret Kavanagh, Updated at 11:24pm, October 11, 2016 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video PORTSMOUTH, Va. - Tuesday could be Stephen Rankin’s last night of freedom. The former Portsmouth Police Officer was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter after he shot and killed 18 year-old William Chapman. Stephen Rankin’s family is filled with anxiety as he prepares to surrender to authorities. In an exclusive interview, Stephen Rankin’s wife Dawn tells News 3 what this experience has been like for her and her family. She has been to his hearings and was in court for the trial but this is the first time she has spoken to local media. Dawn Rankin said she will no longer be silent because she wants people to know what this ordeal has been like for her and her family. She said 18 months of silence shouldn’t be misinterpreted as she wipes away tears.  “That doesn't mean we don't care and it doesn't mean that it hasn't been traumatic for us,” said Dawn Rankin. Stephen Rankin served on the Portsmouth Police force until he shot and killed 18-year-old William Chapman in April 2015. Portsmouth Police were alerted by Walmart security about a suspected shoplifter. The 18-year-old male, identified as Chapman, was spotted crossing the parking lot on foot and was approached by a Rankin. During the encounter, a struggle ensued that resulted in Chapman being shot by the police officer. Rankin immediately requested medics. Chapman died at the scene. In August 2015, the Commonwealth's Attorney Stephanie Morales announced that they had completed their investigation into the shooting death of Chapman and said officials were seeking an indictment against Rankin. “People were convinced that he was some kind of racist murdering monster that just wants to go out and kill people,” said Dawn Rankin. Immediately after the shooting Dawn said threats began her family and her loved ones. “The day the indictment came down we had to leave our home and we never lived in it again,” said Dawn Rankin “People would gather outside of our house with the media knocking on the door.” News 3 had a reporter knock on the door. “There was almost a mob mentality of a rush to judgment,” said Dawn Rankin, “Obviously, we have to have a conversation about this because what's going on in the country just isn't okay, and so we need to have this conversation.  People need to hear what this is like.” Photo Gallery View Gallery (3 images) Months went by, a court order kept Stephen Rankin in the state of Virginia meaning he couldn’t live with his wife because she lives out of state. “I feel like I'm his wife and that's my job and I don't really get to be there for him like I should be,” said Dawn Rankin. The trial started this summer and after days of testimony a jury found Stephen Rankin guilty of voluntary manslaughter on August 4. “Initially when I heard the verdict, I thought oh I heard wrong no way,” said Dawn Rankin. Dawn Rankin said she is not permitted to talk about certain aspects of the trial because Stephen Rankin’s lawyers plan to file an appeal. We asked Dawn Rankin how she felt about William Chapman’s family. “I hope his family finds peace,” said Dawn Rankin. Now she waits, Stephen Rankin is scheduled to be sentenced Wednesday in Portsmouth. “Everything is kind of surreal and it feels like everyone else is normal and you're waiting. Waiting for normal,” said Dawn Rankin. The jury recommended two and a half years for Stephen Rankin. Ultimately, it’s up to the judge. His attorneys have said they will file an appeal but they can’t do that until after he is sentenced. Filed in: News Topics: portsmouth, Stephen Rankin, William Chapman Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Southern Bank News 3’s Proud Community Partner! Popular Twins born as Daylight Saving Time ends cause rare age twist Ku Klux Klan announces Trump victory parade in North Carolina Search for child porn in Virginia home leads to evidence of bestiality Man who disappeared 10 years ago might have never left bar Latest News Memorial benefit held for Toothman family  Leon Russell, member of Rock & Roll Hall of Fame, dies at 74 California deputy shot in the head; suspect caught What to do if a tsunami strikes News Chapman’s family attorney plans lawsuit against Portsmouth, former police chief, and Rankin News Former Portsmouth Police Officer sentenced to 2.5 years for voluntary manslaughter News City of Portsmouth reaches $1 million settlement with family of teen killed by officer News Jury goes home after Day 1 of deliberations in former Portsmouth officer’s murder trial News Closing statements done in former Portsmouth officer’s murder trial, jury to deliberate Wednesday News Former Portsmouth Police Officer’s defense team starts appeal process in manslaughter case News Jury finds Stephen Rankin guilty of voluntary manslaughter, recommends 2.5 year sentence News Defense attorneys want to keep Stephen Rankin out of jail during possible appeal News Former Portsmouth Police Officer Stephen Rankin breaks silence in BBC documentary News William Chapman’s mom meets with others whose kids were killed by police News Juror in murder trial of former police officer speaks out News 911 calls made the day William Chapman died and video the defense will use in appeal released News Portsmouth Walmart reopens after closing temporarily because of security concerns Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App WTKR Weather Android App WTKR Weather iPhone App Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 720 Boush Street, Norfolk, VA 23510 • Copyright © 2016, WTKR • A Dreamcatcher Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
MarketWatch Markets Stream Days Active Updates 1684 55722 Share Tweet   Markets Stream gives you a single place to follow live updates of markets moves and commentary, plus relevant insight from the web and social media. Here’s how it works. (Photo: Getty Images) Copyright ©2012 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Right Reserved ACAP ENABLED Last Updated: September 1, 9:30 AM Load More Select Content All Cancel Apply
null
147686468041 Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs Subscribe Manage Manage my account Preferences Newsletters Subscribe to TV Weekly Subscribe to Newsday Manage my account Subscribe to TV Weekly Uh-Oh! It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information. If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account. If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button. Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account. CONNECT ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE Today's Paper Today's paper / archives » Newsday Fun Book » Recent covers gallery » Special sections » Traffic 0 Weather 39° Log in Log out Sections Home Long Island Top Stories Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns Investigations Data and maps Commuting LI Life History Obituaries Sports Top Stories Yankees Mets Islanders Rangers Jets Giants Knicks Nets High school College Columns Videos Scores Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Media MMA Motor Racing Olympics Soccer Opinion Top Stories Matt Davies Columnists Letters to the editor Submit your letter Business Top Stories Real Estate Technology Cars Columns Mutual funds Markets Stocks Nation and World Nation and World NYC State and Region Health Technology Weird news Lottery Entertainment Top Stories Movies TV Celebrities Music Books Theater Reality TV Crosswords Puzzles Comics Lifestyle Top Stories Restaurants Family Pets Travel Food and Drink Top 100 Restaurants Fashion and Shopping Home and Garden LI Getaways Recreation Retirement Advice Events Thanksgiving Gift Guides Things to do Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages Legal Notices Obituaries Crosswords More Today's Paper Weather Traffic and Transit Data and maps Photos Videos Act 2 Horoscopes Advice Columns Lottery Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs WorldNews UN secretary-general criticizes U.S., Saudi allies in Yemen Updated October 10, 2016 10:25 PM By Zachary R. Dowdy  zachary.dowdy@newsday.com Reprints + - advertisement | advertise on newsday UNITED NATIONS — UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, in tart rebukes Monday, scolded the U.S.-backed combatants in Yemen for a brutal attack on a funeral party over the weekend and the deadlocked Security Council for its failure in Syria, where bombs rained on hospitals, furthering an already unprecedented humanitarian crisis. “Saturday’s funeral bombing was a heartless attack on civilians and an outrageous violation of international humanitarian law,” Ban said outside the Security Council chamber of the attack attributed to Saudi-led fighters. “This was a community center known to all. It was crowded with families and children. Bombing people already mourning the loss of loved ones is reprehensible.” More than 140 people are estimated to have died and more than 500 hurt Saturday in the funeral attack in Grand Hall in Yemen’s capital, Sana’a, where a top rebel Houthi official was being laid to rest. U.S. officials reacted to the attack by saying it was reviewing its relationship with the coalition embroiled in a civil war in what is perhaps the Middle East’s poorest country. Experts have said the war in Yemen has devastated an already destitute population. Most Popular Trump vows to deport millions, softens some points NYT fires back at Trump on Twitter LI educators nearly half of NY’s 100 top-paid Clinton blames FBI director for election loss Cops: Man held after firing weapon near bar “We are deeply disturbed by reports of [the] airstrike on a funeral hall in Yemen, which, if confirmed, would continue the troubling series of attacks striking Yemeni civilians,” National Security Council spokesman Ned Simon said Saturday. “U.S. security cooperation with Saudi Arabia is not a blank check,” he added. “Even as we assist Saudi Arabia regarding the defense of their territorial integrity, we have and will continue to express our serious concerns about the conflict in Yemen and how it has been waged.” Simon said the United States has “initiated an immediate review of our already significantly reduced support to the Saudi-led coalition and are prepared to adjust our support so as to better align with U.S. principles, values and interests.” The UN’s human rights chief called for an independent investigation of crimes that also include attacks on civilian targets. “Since the beginning of this conflict in Yemen, weddings, marketplaces, hospitals, schools — and now mourners at a funeral — have been hit, resulting in massive civilian casualties and zero accountability for those responsible,” UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra’ad Al Hussein said in a statement. advertisement | advertise on newsday “This deadly attack comes just weeks after the UN Human Rights Council, for the second year in a row, dismissed my call to take decisive action to create an international, independent investigative body to look into extremely serious alleged violations of international law, including possible war crimes, in Yemen,” he said. Ban had similarly tough words for the parties trying to resolve the Syrian civil war, which now is estimated to have killed 400,000 people in nearly six years of fighting. Over the weekend, the UN Security Council deadlocked on a resolution, sponsored by France, which would have established a no-fly zone and reinstated a cessation of hostilities that broke down last month after only a week. It was vetoed by Russia. Another resolution, introduced by Russia for the same Security Council session and which would also bring about a cease fire, did not garner enough votes to pass. @Newsday Tweets from @Newsday/newsday-staff Experts have said that Syria and Russia have stepped up aerial assaults dramatically in a bid to oust from eastern Aleppo as many as 1,000 members of Nusra Front, the al-Qaida-affiliated terrorist group in Syria. The scorched-earth campaign has eviscerated the rebel-held city where buildings have been strafed. As many as 275,000 people remain trapped within city limits with no humanitarian aid allowed to come in. Independent groups, including Doctors Without Borders, report appalling conditions and even attacks on hospitals, a clear violation of the laws of war. “From October 6 to 8 alone, hospitals in eastern Aleppo reported at least 98 wounded, including 11 children, and 29 people killed by the airstrikes,” the group said in a statement issued Sunday, adding there are only 35 doctors left in eastern Aleppo and only seven of them can perform surgical operations on war-wounded patients, according to eastern Aleppo’s Directorate of Health. “Wounded patients are sleeping in front of hospitals during heavy bombings because the hallways of the hospitals are full,” said Ahmed Laila, head of the department. advertisement | advertise on newsday “The situation in Aleppo — again heart-breaking — and I was deeply disappointed when the Security Council last Saturday again failed to unite,” Ban said. “There is no time to debate and disagree. . . . This answer is evidently clear. They have to work to protect human lives, to bring this matter to a political solution.” He added: “As [Special Envoy] Staffan de Mistura has always been urging and I have been urging to the Security Council, and also in public statements, that first of all there should be a cessation of hostilities. This is again very important, to build trust and confidence among the parties. And bombing, in Aleppo or elsewhere, must be stopped immediately. Let the negotiators, the Special Envoy, be able to convene this political dialogue. There is no substitute, no alternative to political dialogue.”    Click here to read or post comments Comments Newsday.com now uses Facebook for our comment boards. Please read our guidelines and connect your Facebook account to comment. More coverage The most beautiful views from outer space See 15 eye-catching images of Cuba Check out stunning images from around the world Like it? Share it! Back to Top Services Subscribe Manage my Newsday Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps Newsday mobile Our Network News 12 am New York Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes CareerBuilder Optimum Newsday Connect News 12 Varsity News Long Island Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns NYC U.S. / World Business Technology Commuting History Data and Maps Traffic Obituaries Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Islanders Rangers Yankees Mets High school Colleges Columns Scores Videos Photo Entertainment Celebrities Movies TV Music Restaurants Theater Lifestyle Family Shopping Pets Events Travel Books Weekend Guide Thanksgiving Gift Guides Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages More Crossword Weather Photos Videos LI Life Act 2 Lottery RSS Archive Site Map Privacy Policy Your ad choices Terms of Service Subscription Terms Contact Newsday Careers Reprints & Permissions Media Kit Advertise with Newsday Help Copyright ©   Newsday. All rights reserved.
Home Watch Live Video Headlines What’s on NBC Hollywood Today Live News Western Mass. I-Team Crime Massachusetts Boston Statehouse Decision 2016 I-91 Reconstruction inFocus Sex Offenders World News Entertainment Hollywood Today Sports News Health News Weather Today’s Forecast 7 Day Forecast Closings & Delays Flight Tracker Interactive Radar Jr Weather Academy Satellite Sat Rad Severe Weather Snowfall Forecast Temperatures Weather Alerts Weather App Weather News Weather Photos Webcams The CW Shows Videos Text Alerts CW Photo Galleries Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Shows on Social Media Report It Photo Galleries Report It! Community Stop the Swerve Working for a Better Tomorrow A Look at the Movies Live Traffic Map Pump Prices Lottery Obituaries Mass Appeal Watch Live Contact Us Taste Appeal Family Appeal Relationship Appeal Community Appeal Gardening Appeal Leisure Appeal Personal Appeal Parent Appeal DIY Appeal Home Appeal Pet Appeal Fashion Appeal Fitness Appeal Health Appeal More About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Jobs at WWLP Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Alerts WWLP-22News Team News in Review TV Schedule 31° F Clear Hi: 58° F Lo: 26° F Today’s Forecast Radar/Satellite 22News Apps Menu Skip to content   Home Watch Live Video Headlines What’s on NBC Hollywood Today Live News News Western Mass. I-Team Crime Massachusetts Boston Statehouse Decision 2016 I-91 Reconstruction inFocus Sex Offenders World News Entertainment Hollywood Today Sports News Health News Featured: Casino News Marijuana News Mass Pike Tolls Springfield off-duty police beating Syrian Refugees Toys for Tots at 22News Latest Headlines Japan actor gives his all to play shogi master in ‘Satoshi’ Updated: 5 mins ago TOKYO (AP) — The devotion Kenichi Matsuyama gave to portraying a shogi prodigy who lived a fearlessly single-minded life is clear in the mon… Woman upset by Trump victory spends day giving out free hugs Updated: 20 mins ago Jenny Daley said that she woke up Wednesday, needed a hug, and figured a lot of other people did, too. 9-year-old injured after crashing car during joyride Updated: 36 mins ago Springfield Mayor sends strong message to criminals Updated: 36 mins ago 1,400 firefighters battle mountain wildfires that now top 33,000 acres 9:30 pm Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7 Day Forecast Closings & Delays Flight Tracker Interactive Radar Jr Weather Academy Satellite Sat Rad Severe Weather Snowfall Forecast Temperatures Weather Alerts Weather App Weather News Weather Photos Webcams Current Conditions 31° F Clear Feels Like: 31° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 79% Dewpoint: 25° F Sunrise: 6:38 AM Sunset: 4:30 PM 7 Day Forecast Live Radar     Video Webcast Almanac Sponsored by: The CW The CW Shows Videos Text Alerts CW Photo Galleries Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Shows on Social Media Featured: Season Finale Season Premiere Series Premiere Latest Headlines MassDOT discusses plans to expand rail service in the Pioneer Valley November 10, 2016 The state will spend a quarter million dollars just to gather the data, but the entire project will cost millions. Behind The Seams of The Flash November 8, 2016 Go behind the scenes with costume designer Maya Mani! The Flash is new Tuesdays at 8/7c on The CW Springfield. Supergirl – Changing Trailer November 8, 2016 Jane The Virgin – Chapter Forty-Nine Trailer November 8, 2016 Jane The Virgin – Chapter Forty-Eight Scene November 7, 2016 Report It Photo Galleries Report It! Community Stop the Swerve Working for a Better Tomorrow A Look at the Movies Live Traffic Map Pump Prices Lottery Obituaries Mass Appeal Mass Appeal Watch Live Contact Us Taste Appeal Family Appeal Relationship Appeal Community Appeal Gardening Appeal Leisure Appeal Personal Appeal Parent Appeal DIY Appeal Home Appeal Pet Appeal Fashion Appeal Fitness Appeal Health Appeal Featured: Caregiver Series Herbs A-Z NBC Shows Pet of the Week Latest Headlines Singer Jenny Tolman rocks Studio 1A November 11, 2016 She’s making waves in Country music and she’s only 20! West Springfield’s flags fly at the town common November 11, 2016 West Springfield is commemorating Veterans Day with hundreds of 3 by 5 foot flags that made their appearance thanks to the West Springfield … The Wall That Heals makes its way to West Springfield to honor our Veterans November 11, 2016 Tighten and tone your neck and jawline with Thermi Tight! November 11, 2016 The American Red Cross “Hero Care App” November 11, 2016 More About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Jobs at WWLP Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Alerts WWLP-22News Team News in Review TV Schedule Search for: Search the site 31° F Clear Hi: 58° F Lo: 26° F Orange murder suspects allegedly committed several crimes within week Joshua Hart & Brittany Smith were arrested in connection with Wednesday's murder By Alessandra Martinez Published: October 10, 2016, 11:12 pm Updated: October 10, 2016, 11:25 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Police booking photos of Joshua Hart and Brittany Smith, suspects in the home invasion killing of 95 year-old Thomas Harty. Images Courtesy: Orange Police Department ORANGE, Mass. (WWLP) – Two arrests have been made in connection with Wednesday’s deadly home invasion in Orange. The Northwestern District Attorney’s Office told 22News that 23-year-old Joshua Hart and 27-year-old Brittany Smith of Athol were arrested in Rockbridge, Virginia, on Saturday. Hart and Smith were found in Lexington, inside a U-Haul parked outside a Walmart. Deputies arrested them on Massachusetts larceny of a motor vehicle and receiving stolen property arrest warrants. Hart and Smith allegedly stole the victim’s car to get out of the state. The two allegedly forced their way into 581 East River Street, Wednesday night, and killed 95 year-old Thomas Harty. They also seriously hurt his wife, 77 year-old Joanna Fisher, who days after the invasion, is still recovering at UMass Medical Center in Worcester. Five days after the deadly home invasion in Orange, Tina Streeter told 22News she’s relieved the suspects are in handcuffs. “It was nice to see they caught the people and they have them under arrest, so we don’t have to worry that they’re around in the area.” The murder was one of many crimes the two allegedly committed last week. According to the Greenfield Recorder, Hart and Smith were arrested 2 days before the murder, but wouldn’t specify why. 22News also found out from the Harrisonburg Police Department in Virginia they’re suspects in a robbery at a Virginia mall the day after the elderly couple was found in Orange; that’s 2 days after Harty was murdered. Streeter told 22News, “To us it seemed like a random act, and it could happen to anybody. That’s the scary part, that it could happen to anybody.” Hart and Smith are being held without bail in Virginia. They are scheduled to have fugitive from justice arraignments Tuesday in Virginia, and then, depending on whether they wave rendition, they could be back in Massachusetts as early as Thursday. The two will be charged with murder, attempted murder, robbery, larceny over $250, larceny of a motor vehicle, receiving stolen property and conspiracy. Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Deadly home invasion suspects plead not guilty Orange homicide suspects arrested in Virginia Orange home invasion murder suspects to appear in Orange District Court Orange residents mourning death of second home invasion victim Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WWLP.com Map: Springfield, Mass. Homicides View the complete list » Current Conditions change location Chicopee n/a F n/a Wind n/a Dewpoint n/a Humidity 0.00" Barometer 6:39 am Sunrise 4:29 pm Sunset change location Greenfield 30° F 0 N Wind 29° Dewpoint 96% Humidity 29.97" Barometer 6:39 am Sunrise 4:27 pm Sunset change location Holyoke 31° F 0 N Wind 25° Dewpoint 79% Humidity 29.97" Barometer 6:39 am Sunrise 4:29 pm Sunset change location MGM Springfield Casino 31° F 0 N Wind 25° Dewpoint 79% Humidity 29.97" Barometer 6:39 am Sunrise 4:29 pm Sunset change location Northampton 45° F 0 SSW Wind 28° Dewpoint 54% Humidity 30.00" Barometer 6:40 am Sunrise 4:29 pm Sunset change location Pittsfield 36° F 0 N Wind 24° Dewpoint 62% Humidity 29.96" Barometer 6:43 am Sunrise 4:31 pm Sunset change location Springfield 31° F 0 N Wind 25° Dewpoint 79% Humidity 29.97" Barometer 6:39 am Sunrise 4:29 pm Sunset change location Westfield 32° F 0 N Wind 27° Dewpoint 82% Humidity 29.98" Barometer 6:40 am Sunrise 4:30 pm Sunset change location Westover AFB 31° F 0 N Wind 25° Dewpoint 79% Humidity 29.97" Barometer 6:39 am Sunrise 4:29 pm Sunset Chicopee n/a Greenfield 30° Holyoke 31° MGM Springfield Casino 31° Northampton 45° Pittsfield 36° Springfield 31° Westfield 32° Westover AFB 31° Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WWLP-22News © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather I-Team Crime inFocus Mass Appeal Watch 22News Station About Us Contact Us News Team Job at WWLP Advertise with us Regional News Hampden Hampshire Franklin Berkshire Boston Statehouse Massachusetts Connecticut Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report Platforms Text Alerts Email Alerts Report It Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Our Partners Media General NBC CNN The Westfield News Hampshire Gazette Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram NEWS ARCHIVE: View Stories by Date October 2016 M T W T F S S « Sep   Nov »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   News Archive: Select Month News Archive: Select Month Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 May 2013 May 2012 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
147686468041 Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs Subscribe Manage Manage my account Preferences Newsletters Subscribe to TV Weekly Subscribe to Newsday Manage my account Subscribe to TV Weekly Uh-Oh! It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information. If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account. If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button. Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account. CONNECT ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE Today's Paper Today's paper / archives » Newsday Fun Book » Recent covers gallery » Special sections » Traffic 0 Weather 39° Log in Log out Sections Home Long Island Top Stories Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns Investigations Data and maps Commuting LI Life History Obituaries Sports Top Stories Yankees Mets Islanders Rangers Jets Giants Knicks Nets High school College Columns Videos Scores Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Media MMA Motor Racing Olympics Soccer Opinion Top Stories Matt Davies Columnists Letters to the editor Submit your letter Business Top Stories Real Estate Technology Cars Columns Mutual funds Markets Stocks Nation and World Nation and World NYC State and Region Health Technology Weird news Lottery Entertainment Top Stories Movies TV Celebrities Music Books Theater Reality TV Crosswords Puzzles Comics Lifestyle Top Stories Restaurants Family Pets Travel Food and Drink Top 100 Restaurants Fashion and Shopping Home and Garden LI Getaways Recreation Retirement Advice Events Thanksgiving Gift Guides Things to do Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages Legal Notices Obituaries Crosswords More Today's Paper Weather Traffic and Transit Data and maps Photos Videos Act 2 Horoscopes Advice Columns Lottery Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs WeatherNews Sandy-like storms could arrive more often in NYC, LI, report says Updated October 10, 2016 9:27 PM By Zachary R. Dowdy  zachary.dowdy@newsday.com Reprints + - A new study predicts harsh weather like superstorm Sandy, which flooded the Brooklyn Battery Tunnel on Oct. 30, 2012, will become more frequent in the years ahead because of climate change. Photo Credit: Getty Images / Allison Joyce advertisement | advertise on newsday advertisement | advertise on newsday A new study predicts harsh weather like superstorm Sandy, which flooded the Brooklyn Battery Tunnel on Oct. 30, 2012, will become more frequent in the years ahead because of climate change. (Credit: Getty Images / Allison Joyce) The flooding, damage and misery from weather systems as powerful as superstorm Sandy — now estimated to take place every 400 years — could occur as often as every two decades by the end of this century, according to new research. “Because sea level is rising and climate change may affect hurricanes, it’s going to happen maybe every 20 years,” said Benjamin Horton, a researcher at Rutgers University... Optimum Online customers get unlimited digital access Log in There's more to the story! Subscribe now. Get unlimited digital access $14.99 A MONTH Join Now To continue reading, Newsday subscribers log in To continue reading, Newsday subscribers log in or register The flooding, damage and misery from weather systems as powerful as superstorm Sandy — now estimated to take place every 400 years — could occur as often as every two decades by the end of this century, according to new research. “Because sea level is rising and climate change may affect hurricanes, it’s going to happen maybe every 20 years,” said Benjamin Horton, a researcher at Rutgers University who co-wrote a study that projects 9-foot floods bursting onto the shores of New York City between three and 17 times more frequently than they do now, if current conditions continue. Most Popular Trump vows to deport millions, softens some points NYT fires back at Trump on Twitter LI educators nearly half of NY’s 100 top-paid Clinton blames FBI director for election loss Cops: Man held after firing weapon near bar The researchers focused on New York City after Sandy devastated the region, causing billions of dollars in damage, but Horton said the findings also apply to Long Island and New Jersey. Story'Sandy not over' as LIers struggle to make lives wholeVideoUntil everyone comes home The study’s central thesis is that while no one can say which day such powerful storms and their attendant flooding and disasters will come, the calamities will be coming more often unless greenhouse gas production is curbed, Horton said. Horton published the study, “Hurricane Sandy’s Flood Frequency Increasing From Year 1800 to 2100,” in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. The lead author was Ning Lin of Princeton University and the other two researchers were Robert Kopp of Rutgers and Jeff Donnelly of the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution. The study, which comes shortly before the fourth anniversary of Sandy, was commissioned by the federal government in 2011 to study the whole Atlantic coast, Horton said. Then superstorm Sandy happened on Oct. 29, 2012, an event whose magnitude was forecast by scientists based on the strength of previous maelstroms, but whose timing, they argue, was impossible to predict. advertisement | advertise on newsday It found that, due to climate change, the planet on average has been recorded as getting warmer, and subsequent sea level rise has increased the impact of more storms occurring between the years 1800 and 2000. This finding led the researchers to estimate that future storms will create flooding and damage of similar impact even more frequently between 2000 and 2100. “Because of the accelerating rise in [relative sea level], NYC’s flood hazard will increase more significantly over the 21st century than over the past two centuries,” the study said. “This effect of RSL rise may, again, be further intensified by the change of surge climatology.” SandyComplete coverage: Sandy recovery Horton said the effects are even apparent in the nation’s most recent storm, Hurricane Matthew, which was a weaker hurricane, registering at Category 3 when it hit the U.S. mainland, yet still caused massive flooding — evidence to Horton of the fact that sea levels were already higher to begin with. @Newsday Tweets from @Newsday/newsday-staff Horton said the trend toward greater flooding due to storms can be lessened only through worldwide reduction in carbon dioxide emissions. And he said he was heartened by the Paris Climate Change Agreement, a landmark UN-generated pact that was signed by nearly 200 countries last year and is set to take effect next month. “There is no place where the flooding is going to decrease,” Horton said. “The Paris Climate Change Agreement is a step forward. . . . I have hope because the young, bright minds of the United States and elsewhere will develop the technology to reduce our carbon dioxide emissions.”    Click here to read or post comments Comments Newsday.com now uses Facebook for our comment boards. Please read our guidelines and connect your Facebook account to comment. More coverage Trump vows to deport millions, softens some points NYT fires back at Trump on Twitter Powerful earthquake strikes New Zealand, killing 2 Like it? Share it! Back to Top Services Subscribe Manage my Newsday Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps Newsday mobile Our Network News 12 am New York Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes CareerBuilder Optimum Newsday Connect News 12 Varsity News Long Island Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns NYC U.S. / World Business Technology Commuting History Data and Maps Traffic Obituaries Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Islanders Rangers Yankees Mets High school Colleges Columns Scores Videos Photo Entertainment Celebrities Movies TV Music Restaurants Theater Lifestyle Family Shopping Pets Events Travel Books Weekend Guide Thanksgiving Gift Guides Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages More Crossword Weather Photos Videos LI Life Act 2 Lottery RSS Archive Site Map Privacy Policy Your ad choices Terms of Service Subscription Terms Contact Newsday Careers Reprints & Permissions Media Kit Advertise with Newsday Help Copyright ©   Newsday. All rights reserved.

147686468041 Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs Subscribe Manage Manage my account Preferences Newsletters Subscribe to TV Weekly Subscribe to Newsday Manage my account Subscribe to TV Weekly Uh-Oh! It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information. If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account. If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button. Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account. CONNECT ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE Today's Paper Today's paper / archives » Newsday Fun Book » Recent covers gallery » Special sections » Traffic 0 Weather 39° Log in Log out Sections Home Long Island Top Stories Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns Investigations Data and maps Commuting LI Life History Obituaries Sports Top Stories Yankees Mets Islanders Rangers Jets Giants Knicks Nets High school College Columns Videos Scores Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Media MMA Motor Racing Olympics Soccer Opinion Top Stories Matt Davies Columnists Letters to the editor Submit your letter Business Top Stories Real Estate Technology Cars Columns Mutual funds Markets Stocks Nation and World Nation and World NYC State and Region Health Technology Weird news Lottery Entertainment Top Stories Movies TV Celebrities Music Books Theater Reality TV Crosswords Puzzles Comics Lifestyle Top Stories Restaurants Family Pets Travel Food and Drink Top 100 Restaurants Fashion and Shopping Home and Garden LI Getaways Recreation Retirement Advice Events Thanksgiving Gift Guides Things to do Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages Legal Notices Obituaries Crosswords More Today's Paper Weather Traffic and Transit Data and maps Photos Videos Act 2 Horoscopes Advice Columns Lottery Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs Long Island LIRR: Normal morning commute expected Tuesday Updated October 11, 2016 12:18 AM By Alfonso A. Castillo  alfonso.castillo@newsday.com Reprints + - Multiple people were injured when an eastbound Long Island Rail Road passenger train struck a work train sitting on the tracks and derailed just east of New Hyde Park station, LIRR officials said, on Saturday Oct. 8, 2016. (Credit: Newsday Staff) advertisement | advertise on newsday advertisement | advertise on newsday Multiple people were injured when an eastbound Long Island Rail Road passenger train struck a work train sitting on the tracks and derailed just east of New Hyde Park station, LIRR officials said, on Saturday Oct. 8, 2016. (Credit: Newsday Staff) Long Island Rail Road officials said they expected a normal commute Tuesday morning after crews repaired most of the damage from a collision between a work train and a passenger train near New Hyde Park that derailed both and injured 33 people. LIRR spokesman Aaron Donovan said it was possible but “highly unlikely” that speed restrictions would remain in place through the derailment site Tuesday... Optimum Online customers get unlimited digital access Log in There's more to the story! Subscribe now. Get unlimited digital access $14.99 A MONTH Join Now To continue reading, Newsday subscribers log in To continue reading, Newsday subscribers log in or register HIGHLIGHTS Crews have repaired most damage from derailment, officials say Speed restrictions still possible but “highly unlikely” Long Island Rail Road officials said they expected a normal commute Tuesday morning after crews repaired most of the damage from a collision between a work train and a passenger train near New Hyde Park that derailed both and injured 33 people. LIRR spokesman Aaron Donovan said it was possible but “highly unlikely” that speed restrictions would remain in place through the derailment site Tuesday morning if crews could not fully complete the repairs overnight. Most Popular LI educators nearly half of NY’s 100 top-paid Cops: Man held after firing weapon near bar Cops look at Chase Bank, Staples break-ins LI billionaire helped steer Trump to victory Cops: 1 dead in LIE tractor trailer crash The LIRR conducted the “expedited repairs” Monday afternoon to allow for full service during the afternoon rush, but planned to complete the fixes after the evening commute. “We’re looking at the high likelihood of a full, normal commute for Tuesday morning,” Donovan said. About 3 p.m. Monday, Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo’s office announced that the LIRR would restore full service in time for the evening commute, following a “nonstop” recovery effort since the derailment. 0:16 VideoLIRR derailment track repairs underway “The full restoration of service for Monday’s evening rush hour was made possible by the continuous efforts of the MTA and LIRR crews,” Cuomo said. “I thank all of the employees who worked around the clock to restore train service so commuters can get where they need to go as easily and as efficiently as possible.” advertisement | advertise on newsday Despite the repairs, the evening commute was far from normal because of a switch problem in Mineola — later resolved — that caused extensive delays and cancellations. Meanwhile, Federal Railroad Administration officials remained on the scene Monday investigating what caused the accident, which occurred about 9:10 p.m. Saturday about a half-mile east of the New Hyde Park station. Metropolitan Transportation Authority officials said a one-car work train performing scheduled maintenance on the north track improperly moved onto the southbound track just as a 12-car, Huntington-bound passenger train approached. The two trains sideswiped each other, causing extensive damage to the passenger train’s first three cars, which all derailed. Using a large crane, workers put the cars back on the tracks, and towed them away Monday morning. From there, dozens of LIRR workers used shovels, sledgehammers, power tools and construction equipment to put hundreds of feet of damaged track back together. NassauPhotos: LIRR train derails in New Hyde Park Much of their efforts focused on “an intricate and cumbersome 25-foot segment” of damaged track near a switch. Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.), who was briefed by FRA officials, said Sunday that the accident appears to have been caused by LIRR workers errantly leaving a track switch in the wrong position. An FRA spokesman declined to provide an update on the investigation Monday. @Newsday Tweets from @Newsday/newsday-staff By Monday morning, the LIRR had cleared one of the two tracks, allowing for limited service through the derailment site during the morning rush. There were several reported delays and cancellations, but ridership was light because of the Columbus Day holiday. Bob Sixsmith, 73, of Garden City, who lives near the accident site, took a train from the Merillon Avenue station into Penn Station and back Monday and gave the railroad an “A+” grade for its service. But Sixsmith criticized the agency for not providing enough reliable information to customers. He said he asked a woman at the information desk at Penn Station Monday afternoon if both tracks were back in service and was told, “I don’t know the answer to that because they don’t tell us.” “The communication from corporate is terrible,” Sixsmith said. “But they did a wonderful job today getting everything going.” 1:35 NassauCuomo promises to learn from train derailment The LIRR Commuter Council also expressed its gratitude Monday to railroad workers “who worked tirelessly” to restore service. However, its chairman Mark Epstein, said the numerous collisions involving LIRR trains in recent years “trouble the Council and our fellow riders.” There have been at least four incidents involving LIRR trains hitting each other since 2008. advertisement | advertise on newsday “Ensuring safety is the top priority of the Rail Road, and we urge the LIRR to do all that is possible to further the investigation of this incident and make its results available,” Epstein said in a statement. Get The 1600 newsletter Our inside look at the race to the White House. sign up    Click here to read or post comments Comments Newsday.com now uses Facebook for our comment boards. Please read our guidelines and connect your Facebook account to comment. More coverage Train hits man on LIRR tracks, MTA says A man was airlifted to Stony Brook University Hospital after being struck by an LIRR School officials: Tax hikes are IDA’s fault Town passes $223.5M budget for 2017 Like it? Share it! Back to Top Services Subscribe Manage my Newsday Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps Newsday mobile Our Network News 12 am New York Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes CareerBuilder Optimum Newsday Connect News 12 Varsity News Long Island Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns NYC U.S. / World Business Technology Commuting History Data and Maps Traffic Obituaries Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Islanders Rangers Yankees Mets High school Colleges Columns Scores Videos Photo Entertainment Celebrities Movies TV Music Restaurants Theater Lifestyle Family Shopping Pets Events Travel Books Weekend Guide Thanksgiving Gift Guides Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages More Crossword Weather Photos Videos LI Life Act 2 Lottery RSS Archive Site Map Privacy Policy Your ad choices Terms of Service Subscription Terms Contact Newsday Careers Reprints & Permissions Media Kit Advertise with Newsday Help Copyright ©   Newsday. All rights reserved.
GoSearch Replay: WHNT News WHNT News 19 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WHNT.com Menu News Sports Taking Action Photos On-Air Community Legal Contests Weather 47° 47° Low 39° High 68° Mon 40° 68° Tue 42° 71° Wed 44° 73° See complete forecast Severe weather alert TAKING ACTION: Albertville Police warn of a scam that involves a check and shopping spree, say it’s popping up across the city Posted 6:11 pm, October 10, 2016, by Laura Christmas Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video ALBERTVILLE, Ala. -- The Albertville Police Department is seeing a different type of scam going around the city. Police say recently a new scam is cropping up around Albertville, and it's leaving its victims with empty promises and out money. "We're starting to see a lot of this, where people are getting checks in the mail saying if you go spend this, go on a shopping spree at Walmart for a period of time, you'll receive this amount of money," Albertville Police Chief Doug Pollard says "People are actually coming to the banks trying to cash these checks, and they're no good." Pollard says this is happening frequently all over the city. Police say scammers are sending out a proposal of a check with a promise of a shopping spree included if the recipient sends back some money first. Once all is said and done though, that promised check is never good. "This is the time of year where scams, fraudulent checks, all that starts playing a part, and people are falling for it," Pollard says. That money lost is nearly impossible to trace. Usually, that money won't get back in the victim's hands. "Just be aware. If you see something like that in the mail, just tear it up and throw it in the garbage," Pollard says.  Albertville Police turn these types of cases over to the FBI to investigate. Bottom line, if it's too good to be true, it probably is. Filed in: Northeast Alabama, Taking Action Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Popular Air quality alert issued due to wildfire smoke Heavy smoke blankets Marshall County, south Huntsville The BEST Thanksgiving and Black Friday deals on electronics, gadgets and high-tech toys Florence police locate missing woman in ravine Latest News Political Analyst Jess Brown talks early voting with WHNT YOUR PHOTOS: Largest supermoon in 68 years Trump tells supporters to stop harassing minorities during sit down with 60 Minutes Students raced to the finish line Saturday during Greenpower Jaguar race Northeast Alabama An anonymous donation to the Albertville Police Department is sparking a city-wide effort to ‘Back the Blue’ Northeast Alabama Albertville Police officers participate in No Shave November a little early, plan to top the $5,200 raised last year Northeast Alabama Albertville Police Department donated $1,500 dollars from Back the Blue sales to Marshall Medical Centers Northeast Alabama Taking Action Taking Action: Worried for their kids’ safety, Albertville parents hope to create permanent fix to stop speeders on their street Northeast Alabama Albertville first responders get specialized training as part of state-wide tour BBB Consumer Alerts News Taking Action Charities: Watch Out for Fake Donations BBB Consumer Alerts Check out your online “employer” before investing BBB Consumer Alerts News Taking Action Mortgage Scams Targeting Veterans Northeast Alabama Officials monitor city fuel supply that services first responder vehicles, say concern is minimal right now BBB Consumer Alerts News Don’t Get Rolled by This New Paving Scam BBB Consumer Alerts TODAY: Call the BBB/WHNT News 19 Consumer Action Line to report scams, ask about local businesses Pay It Forward Law enforcement officers’ wives prepare care packages for families BBB Consumer Alerts Buying an item off Craigslist? Here are some important safety considerations Mobile Apps iPhone & iPad App Android App LiveAlert19 Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 200 Holmes Avenue, Huntsville, AL 35801 • Copyright © 2016, WHNT • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
147686468041 Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs Subscribe Manage Manage my account Preferences Newsletters Subscribe to TV Weekly Subscribe to Newsday Manage my account Subscribe to TV Weekly Uh-Oh! It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information. If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account. If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button. Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account. CONNECT ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE Today's Paper Today's paper / archives » Newsday Fun Book » Recent covers gallery » Special sections » Traffic 0 Weather 39° Log in Log out Sections Home Long Island Top Stories Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns Investigations Data and maps Commuting LI Life History Obituaries Sports Top Stories Yankees Mets Islanders Rangers Jets Giants Knicks Nets High school College Columns Videos Scores Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Media MMA Motor Racing Olympics Soccer Opinion Top Stories Matt Davies Columnists Letters to the editor Submit your letter Business Top Stories Real Estate Technology Cars Columns Mutual funds Markets Stocks Nation and World Nation and World NYC State and Region Health Technology Weird news Lottery Entertainment Top Stories Movies TV Celebrities Music Books Theater Reality TV Crosswords Puzzles Comics Lifestyle Top Stories Restaurants Family Pets Travel Food and Drink Top 100 Restaurants Fashion and Shopping Home and Garden LI Getaways Recreation Retirement Advice Events Thanksgiving Gift Guides Things to do Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages Legal Notices Obituaries Crosswords More Today's Paper Weather Traffic and Transit Data and maps Photos Videos Act 2 Horoscopes Advice Columns Lottery Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs NassauLong Island Tax breaks for Green Acres Mall unfair, say state lawmakers Updated October 10, 2016 6:31 PM By Stefanie Dazio  stefanie.dazio@newsday.com Reprints + - Sen. Todd Kaminsky (D-Long Beach) and Assemb. Michaelle Solages, (D-Elmont), center, are joined by Valley Stream community residents, Monday, Oct. 10, 2016. Photo Credit: Newsday / Alejandra Villa advertisement | advertise on newsday advertisement | advertise on newsday Sen. Todd Kaminsky (D-Long Beach) and Assemb. Michaelle Solages, (D-Elmont), center, are joined by Valley Stream community residents, Monday, Oct. 10, 2016. (Credit: Newsday / Alejandra Villa) Two state lawmakers on Monday criticized tax breaks given to the owner of Green Acres Mall that are resulting in higher taxes for residents in three school districts. Meanwhile, the Hempstead Town board is demanding that the town’s Industrial Development Agency revisit its decision to grant those tax breaks. However, the IDA’s executive director, Fred Parola, said it’s too late and... Optimum Online customers get unlimited digital access Log in There's more to the story! Subscribe now. Get unlimited digital access $14.99 A MONTH Join Now To continue reading, Newsday subscribers log in To continue reading, Newsday subscribers log in or register Two state lawmakers on Monday criticized tax breaks given to the owner of Green Acres Mall that are resulting in higher taxes for residents in three school districts. Meanwhile, the Hempstead Town board is demanding that the town’s Industrial Development Agency revisit its decision to grant those tax breaks. Most Popular Cops: Eastbound Sunrise reopens after crash Nassau sought OK of contract for Singh’s wife Council approves covenants for Garvies Point Mangano arrest could affect upcoming elections 5K run-walk aims to fight prostate cancer However, the IDA’s executive director, Fred Parola, said it’s too late and the deal cannot legally be changed. State Sen. Todd Kaminsky (D-Long Beach) and Assemblywoman Michaelle Solages (D-Elmont) held a press conference in front of the Valley Stream Central High School with a handful of residents standing behind them holding signs like “No taxation without representation” and “Reform IDAs now.” The lawmakers said the tax breaks for the mall - including a $14 million PILOT, or payment in lieu of taxes - have resulted in tax increases for residents who live in Valley Stream school districts 30, 24 and 13. They said the average annual increases will be between $322 and $758. “You only need to be in elementary school to understand that taxation without representation is un-American,” Kaminsky said. Santa Monica, California-based Macerich, the Valley Stream mall’s owner, was granted a sales-tax exemption of $6 million, a mortgage-recording tax exemption, and an agreement for a payment in lieu of taxes on its planned $79 million renovation to the approximately 1.7 million-square-foot mall in December 2014 by Hempstead Town’s Industrial Development Agency. advertisement | advertise on newsday Under the agency’s rules, the mall qualified as a tourist destination because it brings at least 51 percent of its business from outside the county. Parola said the IDA posted the necessary notices and contacted public officials in Valley Stream to notify them of two meetings held in the village before the decision was final, but no one showed up. “Nobody was interested,” Parola said. “So maybe they should be looking in the mirror when they point the finger.” Macerich can voluntarily opt to give some money back - as Parola said he’s seen some developers do on smaller projects - but they cannot be compelled to do so. Representatives from Macerich could not be reached for comment. Tweets by @Newsday Kaminsky and Solages started a petition calling for Hempstead Town board officials to pressure the town’s Industrial Development Agency to reverse its decision. The town board had already taken action. “They have demanded that the case be re-opened,” town spokesman Mike Deery said. Members of the agency are appointed by the town board, and if the IDA refuses to reconsider, Kaminsky and Solages said the town board should demand its members resign. Although the IDA granted the tax breaks nearly two years ago, Deery said the tax roll was only approved by the Board of Assessors and the increases are only coming to light now. The three school districts affected posted letters on their websites warning their residents of the change to their tax bills. District 24’s Board of Education wrote that the increase will be reflected in the October tax bill and invited residents to a board meeting to discuss the issue at the William L. Buck School on Oct. 19. Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. sign up    Click here to read or post comments Comments Newsday.com now uses Facebook for our comment boards. Please read our guidelines and connect your Facebook account to comment. More coverage LI educators nearly half of NY’s 100 top-paid Cops: Man held after firing weapon near bar Cops look at Chase Bank, Staples break-ins Like it? Share it! Back to Top Services Subscribe Manage my Newsday Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps Newsday mobile Our Network News 12 am New York Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes CareerBuilder Optimum Newsday Connect News 12 Varsity News Long Island Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns NYC U.S. / World Business Technology Commuting History Data and Maps Traffic Obituaries Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Islanders Rangers Yankees Mets High school Colleges Columns Scores Videos Photo Entertainment Celebrities Movies TV Music Restaurants Theater Lifestyle Family Shopping Pets Events Travel Books Weekend Guide Thanksgiving Gift Guides Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages More Crossword Weather Photos Videos LI Life Act 2 Lottery RSS Archive Site Map Privacy Policy Your ad choices Terms of Service Subscription Terms Contact Newsday Careers Reprints & Permissions Media Kit Advertise with Newsday Help Copyright ©   Newsday. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content Labs Blog Mobile About Us Help Login / Register Home Updates Countries Disasters Topics Organizations Jobs Training Welcome to ReliefWeb The leading source for reliable and timely humanitarian information on global crises and disasters since 1996. ReliefWeb Subscription Benefits Manage subscriptions Setup and manage your email subscriptions to new reports, jobs and more. Manage favorites Track content relevant to you on the site. Post a job vacancy Advertise job, consulting and internships vacancies. Post a training program Advertise training programs for the humanitarian community. Log In Username or e-mail address * You may login with either your assigned username or your e-mail address. Password * The password field is case sensitive. Forgot password? New to ReliefWeb? Sign Up Username * Spaces are allowed; punctuation is not allowed except for periods, hyphens, apostrophes, and underscores. E-mail address * A valid e-mail address. All e-mails from the system will be sent to this address. The e-mail address is not made public and will only be used if you wish to receive a new password or wish to receive certain news or notifications by e-mail. Leave this field blank Log in Leave this field blank Home Updates Countries Disasters Topics Organizations Jobs Training About Us Help ReliefWeb Informing humanitarians worldwide. A service provided by ReliefWeb has been the leading online source for reliable and timely humanitarian information on global crises and disasters since 1996. Learn more about ReliefWeb Still relevant after all these years ReliefWeb is not only pertinent in a disaster environment or humanitarian emergency ; indeed, the users I canvassed in Nairobi, the biggest hub for humanitarian actors in Africa, pointed to all... Visit the blog Connect With ReliefWeb Receive news about us Related Sites Submit Content Share information through ReliefWeb to better inform humanitarians worldwide. How to submit content Tools API - Real-time data stream to power next-generation apps. Location Maps - Country maps for your reports and presentations. Humanitarian Icons - Ready-to-use symbols and icons. Free download. ReliefWeb Videos - Selected humanitarian videos for countries, topics and organizations. RSS - Subscribe to information finely tuned to your needs. Frequently Asked Questions - Get answers to common problems and learn more about ReliefWeb. Contact Us - Ask questions and suggest improvements.
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. JCPenney Isn’t Exactly Hiring Greeters, But Everyone Gets On The Sales Floor Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share JCPenney Isn’t Exactly Hiring Greeters, But Everyone Gets On The Sales Floor Image courtesy of Mike Mozart October 10, 2016 6:54 pm EST By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup key selling activities JCPenney power hours sales If you’re shopping at JCPenney at midday and notice that there are more employees than usual swarming the sales floor and being friendly, don’t worry: the store has probably not been taken over by pod people. Instead, it’s a new initiative that the chain is trying, called “Power Hours,” which is neither a lunch promotion nor a church service. This new daily ritual was initially reported by the New York Post as JCPenney adopting greeters at the door like Walmart or Home Depot, but it isn’t exactly like that. Employees told the Post that even people who work in the warehouse have been asked to head out to the sales floor from noon to 2 P.M. every day, and that the overwhelming helpfulness means that there aren’t enough employees at cash registers when one of those thoroughly greeted customers wants to buy something. We checked with JCPHQ to find out whether this is an actual thing, and it is. A company representative told Consumerist that the program is a test in stores in the Northeast, and they’ll roll it out nationwide if it’s successful. “During power hours, which take place daily from noon to 2 p.m., associates focus solely on customer service and key selling activities,” the company explained in a statement. “Every store associate, from management to operations, participates in the program each day, ensuring a consistently outstanding shopping experience during peak hours.” That sounds like an interesting idea: they just need to make sure there’s someone handling the cash register. JCPenney is getting friendlier [New York Post] October 10, 2016 By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup key selling activities JCPenney power hours sales Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related desperate times Report: JCPenney Slashed Workers’ Hours, Took Other Drastic Measures To Cut Costs sales sales sales Why Is JCPenney Trying To Be More Like Sears, When So Many Sears Stores Are Closing? re-re-re-reinvention JCPenney Wants To Bring Current Customers Back More Often, Maybe Also Find New Ones fair and square JCPenney Worker Claims He Was Fired For Telling Truth About Fake Sales jcpenney comeback JCPenney Sales Increase Slightly, Still Losing Money Previous Samsung Permanently Scraps All Galaxy Note 7 Production Next U.S. Safety Regulators: Power Down Your Replacement Galaxy Note 7s Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: U.S. Safety Regulators: Power Down Your Replacement Galaxy Note 7s Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Trending: Video: Angry at Apple Make your emails more trusted with DKIM 6 big ideas in digital transformation Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Review: BIO-key’s plug-in fingerprint readers for Windows 10 computers Why senior managers are the most dangerous negligent insiders Review: Microsoft takes on TensorFlow Make your emails more trusted with DKIM More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home IT Management Analysis Departure of Target CDO underscores C-suite tensions The removal of Target’s chief digital officer after only four months suggests that integrating new members into the C-suite can be a challenging, contentious enterprise. More like this Meet the 2016 Premier 100 25 CIO pay packages revealed Global IT challenges: Privacy, standardization, transformation top the list on IDG Answers What does com.android.mms mean? Credit: Thinkstock Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Comments By Clint Boulton Follow CIO | Oct 10, 2016 7:31 AM PT RELATED TOPICS IT Management IT Industry IT Careers Target Comments Target’s promotion of Jason Goldberger as its first chief digital officer (CDO) in May signaled that it was prioritizing ecommerce, mobile payments and other aspects of its online business. Four months later Goldberger is out, highlighting the challenges brick-and-mortar companies face as they make the difficult transition to digital. "To provide clear accountability and speed up decision making, we will be transitioning Jason's responsibilities to two current leadership team members,” Target CEO Brian Cornell said. He split Goldberger’s responsibilities between CIO Mike McNamara, who took ownership of website and digital strategy and Chief Merchandizing Officer Mike Tritton, who assumed pricing and promotion duties. Target made Jason Goldberger its first chief digital officer in May. Four months later his responsibilities have been divvied up between the CIO and the chief merchandizing officer. Phrases like "clear accountability and "speed up decision making" suggest friction in the C-suite was hindering Target’s ability to execute, hardly an anomaly as retailers struggle to grow their digital footprint in an ecommerce world dominated by Amazon.com. Like Wal-Mart and other brick-and-mortar retailers, Target is working feverishly to grow its online revenues, which account for 5 percent of total sales. The pitfalls of brick-and-mortars going digital Target and its brick-and-mortar peers recognize that they must become more agile to deal with disruptive market dynamics, but they face an uphill battle that is as much organizational as it is operational. [ Related: CIOs must step into the digital leadership void ] Gartner analyst Alan Duncan says that brick-and-mortar businesses are structured and hierarchical, which renders them brittle. A single change in process or personnel can disturb the delicate balance. Duncan says that many traditional companies, burdened by supply chain process models built for the previous era, focus on remaking their processes and IT systems in digital fashion but rarely do the necessary work to remake the corporate culture – the kind that promotes cross-functional collaboration -- around digital. Consequently, few traditional businesses are capable of navigating the tensions that occur among executives who feel their turf is encroached upon. "There is an appetite to be disruptive but if it rocks the boat for the current team dynamics then it's going to be too uncomfortable," says Duncan. Target CIO Mike McNamara. The big target on the CDO’s back Goldberger’s position may have been compromised from the outset because McNamara is not a traditional retail CIO; he is digitally savvy. Prior to joining Target, McNamara worked as CIO of U.K. grocery chain Tesco, where he led helped build a digital wallet and magazine application, among other digital initiatives. Other signals, including Cornell’s own admission that he and McNamara worked closely together, suggested McNamara’s clout was growing at Target. [ Related: CIOs mean business ] In a March interview with CIO.com, McNamara said that he was focused on overhauling the supply chain to ship products directly from fulfillment centers, distribution centers and local stores to accommodate preferences for online and mobile ordering. And in a corporate blog post published in late August, McNamara cited as part of his duties enhancing Target.com for guests, as well as offline-online experiences such as order pickup and digital marketing. McNamara’s broad swath of responsibilities may have left little room for a digital chief. Forrester Research analyst Nigel Fenwick says that Target may have realized it introduced friction where the IT and dot-com business were competing for resources. “A lot of retailers realize they have to embed digital channels into store operations and vice versa so it's seamless,” Fenwick says. “It will be interesting to see what they do over the next 12 months, in terms of their approach to digital as a transition." A CDO with a big remit   Edmunds.com in May named Philip Potloff as its first CDO. As Target and other old-line companies try to weave digital capabilities throughout the fabric of their businesses they would do well to study the process and operational models of digital-to-the-core businesses. Such companies, which include Google, Facebook and Uber have embedded algorithms and analytics into their operating models, tend to pull together to achieve a common goal, Duncan says. "They build in the capability to adapt quickly and responsively and they experiment and learn fast," Duncan says. “If something doesn't work they move on. That's a completely different dynamic from brick and mortar organizations that are trying to overlay digital services onto a traditional business model. It's a big disruption and a massive cultural shift." Another example of an innovative digital-to-the-core business is automotive information publisher Edmunds.com, which in May named Philip Potloff as its first CDO. Potloff, who spent the last seven years at Edmunds.com in CIO and COO roles, says the move is an acknowledgement that the company has more work to do in digital. Potloff is building chatbots, digital marketing software and other technologies intended to help the company better engage with consumers. Although Edmunds.com also has a CIO and CTO, it doesn’t appear to suffer from the same executive integration issues as Target and others. That’s because CIO Stephen Felisan and CTO Paddy Hannon report to Potloff, which he says helps make the C-Suite dynamic more comfortable. Having more “Cs” in the suite might make some leaders leery, but Potloff welcomes the help. He says having a CIO who is focused on infrastructure and the data sets that power Edmunds.com and a CTO who is focused on customer-facing software and big data is crucial. This story, "Departure of Target CDO underscores C-suite tensions" was originally published by CIO. RELATED TOPICS IT Management IT Industry IT Careers Target Clint Boulton — Senior Writer Clint Boulton is a senior writer for CIO.com. The latest in IT services? CIO hired guns View Comments You Might Like Join the discussion Be the first to comment on this article. Our Commenting Policies What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources White Paper Agile Portfolio Management White Paper Real-Time Business: Digital Transformation Through Information Video/Webcast Sponsored 30 Days to Complete Business Process Visibility White Paper Aberdeen - Customer Centricity: Knowledge is Power in the Age of the Customer White Paper Big Data, Bad Data, Good Data: The Link Between Information Governance and Big Data Outcomes Go Top Stories Facebook hits 20Gbps in tests for internet drone data transmission Facebook has succeeded in transmitting data at almost 20Gbps between two towers in Southern California... Los Angeles: Warm weather, movie stars -- and 100M monthly cyber attacks A $1.8 million Integrated Security Operations Center, opened in late 2015, consolidates threat... What's the Mac mean to Apple, the Surface to Microsoft? The Mac's contribution to Apple's revenue has shrunk in the last two years, while the Surface's share... 2017 will be a bad year for pessimists Executives see a lot to be hopeful for in the coming year. Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
GoSearch Watch Now: PIX11 News at 10 PIX11 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us New York's PIX11 / WPIX-TV Menu News Metro Report Morning PIX Team Apps Contests Traffic Events Weather 52° 52° Low 42° High 60° Mon 49° 63° Tue 46° 55° Wed 47° 61° See complete forecast Breast cancer patient says she was mistaken for fugitive because of her shaved head Posted 6:15 PM, October 10, 2016, by Andrea Cavallier and Associated Press, Updated at 06:19pm, October 10, 2016 Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email Erin Peters says she was taken into custody by police in Idaho after they mistook her for a fugitive. (FACEBOOK) POST FALLS, Idaho — A 35-year-old breast cancer patient says she felt humiliated when she was handcuffed and questioned after being mistaken for a Missouri teen wanted in her infant daughter’s death. The Coeur d’Alene Press newspaper reports that Erin Peters says she was stopped Friday at an Idaho Walmart and questioned for 45 minutes after being mistaken for 18-year-old Whitley Evenson, of Independence, Mo.. Evenson, who was later taken into custody, is charged with murdering her 6-week-old baby last year. Kootenai County jail booking photo of Whitley Evenson, Oct. 7, 2016 Peters says members of the North Idaho Violent Crimes Task Force believed she was the Missouri fugitive because her hair is very short. She says she shaved her hair because of cancer treatments. Peters underwent a double mastectomy in August, said she stopped at the Walmart after completing a radiation treatment. She said she was shopping in the girls department when a local law enforcement officer working with the FBI and the North Idaho Violent Crimes Task Force grabbed her by both arms and told her she was under arrest. FBI spokesman Richard Collodi says he regrets that Peters was inconvenienced but the task force had to be sure. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email Popular This is why you’re seeing people wearing safety pins Ku Klux Klan announces Trump victory parade in North Carolina Young sons of slain NYPD Sgt. Paul Tuozzolo join thousands in blue at funeral Last-ditch push underway for Clinton to become president instead of Trump Latest News 3 arthritis pain drugs prove equally safe for the heart Iconic McSorley’s bar closed amid rats, health violations Burglar dressed as ninja takes katana sword from Alaska card shop Donald Trump says he will ‘think about’ prosecuting Hillary Clinton over email scandal News Stranger chokes 4-month-old baby in Walmart checkout lane, police say News Shannen Doherty reveals breast cancer has spread to lymph nodes News Mom arrested after toddler found home alone, sucking on frozen chicken News Mobile mammography nonprofit that offers free exams for women now needs help News Body of 2-year-old found in cardboard box; 911 reveals mother’s alleged confession News 9-year-old battling rare cancer made honorary firefighter News She’s lived with stage 4 breast cancer for 25 years Morning Breast cancer survivor shares her story of hope, return to normalcy Stories From the Heart Michelle Ward stays positive despite two ‘boob cancer’ diagnoses, now raises money for cure News #ChangeMakers: Sandra Lee shares her passion for being a role model, her struggle with breast cancer and her go-to meal News “She continued to beg him” Mother pleads for her life after 12-year-old son fires three rounds at her Queens Stepmother questioned in death of 9-year-old girl, barricaded herself in Queens home before being detained News 911 call: ‘Let my brother go,’ 8-year-old boy says he told would-be kidnapper Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter Instagram About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 220 East 42nd Street New York, NY 10017 212-949-1100 • Copyright © 2016, WPIX • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
