OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Local Government Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Trace Pickering, pioneer in learner-centered education, to keynote K-12 education track LEARN MORE Most Popular Most Recent Time Machine: Matsell’s Castle Farm News Track: Fatal Coggon shooting Pianist presents ‘unprecedented’ gift for Orchestra Iowa Another tryout camp in the books for C.R. RoughRiders Sewing smiles: Williamsburg group makes sock monkeys for pediatric patients At Cosby trial, a constellation of race, celebrity, power and gender converges Another tryout camp in the books for C.R. RoughRiders Putin calls U.S. election-meddling charge a ‘load of nonsense’ in Kelly interview For Iowa teens and summer jobs, now may be the time Hamilton, Blankenhorn go deep, Kernels sting Bees, 11-6 Case studies: How the new Cedar Rapids bus system will work Video Photo A route 9 bus sits at the Ground Transportation Center in Cedar Rapids on Monday, May. 22, 2017. (Stephen Mally/The Gazette) The Gazette May 28, 2017 at 1:00 am | Print View The Gazette analyzed four examples of public transit to and from high demand destinations. The below graphics compare the before and after changes in routes and schedules. Scenario one: Marion to NewBo It’s 4 p.m. and a rider wants to get from downtown Marion to NewBo City Market. New system: At 4:22 p.m., pick up the No. 20 Marion circulator at 10th Street and Seventh Avenue in Marion. to 4:22 p.m. Arrive at 4:30 p.m. at the Lindale Mall. at 4:30 p.m. At Lindale, pick up a transfer to the No. 5 bus at 4:35 p.m. Arrive at the Ground Transportation Center at 4:52 p.m. Take the No. 2 at 5:15 p.m. and get off along 12th Avenue SE about 5:20 p.m. Current system: At 4:40 p.m., pick up the 5N at Marion Square Park and arrive at the Ground Transportation Center at 5:10 p.m. Take the No. 9 at 5:20 p.m. and arrive at 12th Avenue SE and Third Street SE about 5:25 p.m. Result: Under the new system, the desired trip would take about 1 hour and 20 minutes, including 58 minutes in transit. The compares with about 1 hour and 25 minutes, including 45 minutes in transit, under the current system.   Scenario two: Kirkwood to SW Wal-Mart  It’s noon and a rider wants to get from Kirkwood Community College to Wal-Mart on 29th Avenue SW. New system: Pick up the No. 7 at 12:35 p.m. at Linn Hall and arrive at the Ground Transportation Center at 1:05 p.m. Transfer to the No. 10 at 1:15 p.m. and arrive at Wal-Mart at 1:35 p.m. Current system: Pick up the No. 7 at 12:45 p.m. and arrive at 1:10 p.m. at the Ground Transportation Center. Transfer to the No. 12 at 1:20 p.m. and arrive at Wal-Mart at 1:37 p.m. Result: Under the new system, the desired trip would take about 1 hour and 35 minutes, including 1 hour in transit. The compares with about 1 hour and 37 minutes, including 52 minutes in transit, in the current system.   Scenario three: Near Rockwell Collins to NE Wal-Mart  A rider is trying to get from a neighborhood near Blairs Ferry Road and C Avenue NE (near Rockwell Collins) to Wal-Mart on Blairs Ferry Road NE by 9 a.m. New system: Pick up the No. 30 circulator at 8:47 a.m. and arrive at Wal-Mart at 9 a.m. Current system: Pick up the 5B at Blairs Ferry and C Avenue at 6:30 a.m. and arrive at the Ground Transportation Center at 6:55 a.m. Transfer to the No. 6 at the Ground Transportation Center at 8:20 a.m. and arrive at Wal-Mart at 8:41 a.m. Result: Under the new system it would take about 13 minutes, compared with 2 hours and 11 minutes and then 19 minutes of waiting once you arrive under the current system.   Scenario four: 3000 J St. SW Apartments to SW Wal-Mart A rider wants to get from the J Street apartments to Wal-Mart on 29th Avenue SW by 1 p.m. New system: Pick up the No. 12 at 12:20 p.m. and arrive at Wal-Mart at 12:37 p.m. Current system: Pick up the No. 11 at 11:27 a.m. and arrive at the Ground Transportation Center at 12:10 p.m. Transfer to the No. 12 at 12:20 p.m. and arrive at Wal-Mart at 12:33 p.m. Result: Under the new system, it would take 17 minutes in transit and 23 minutes of waiting once you arrive. That compares with 1 hour and 6 minutes in transit and 27 minutes of waiting under the current system. Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Local Government articles One Park Place developer: 'We're still p ... Iowa City could see new workforce, affor ... Solon elects Lauren Whitehead to City Co ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, June 04, 2017, 11:16 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Wal-Mart pins its e-commerce hopes on Lore By Robbie Neiswanger This article was published May 28, 2017 at 2:11 a.m. Marc Lore, president and chief executive officer of Walmart eCommerce U.S. Comments aAFont Size Wal-Mart Chief Executive Officer and President Doug McMillon addresses shareholders during the company’s annual meeting in 2016. Wal-Mart employees wi... Marc Lore was in the crowd last June when Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Chief Executive Officer Doug Mc-Millon told shareholders and employees gathered in Northwest Arkansas that the company was embarking on a journey to “re-imagine retail.” Wal-Mart Chief Executive Officer and President Doug McMillon addresses shareholders during the company’s annual meeting in 2016. Wal-Mart employees wi... This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: Wal-Mart pins its e-commerce hopes on Lore Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Bankruptcy watch Wal-Mart details execs' pay, awards Wal-Mart tests Scan and Go app Sam's Club shows off brand reinvention Wal-Mart pins its e-commerce hopes on Lore Trucker program moves lost pets New living concept going up; Little Rock town... Wilmot farmer's granddaughter adapts to field Transit hubs major draws for developers More Business stories > Comments on: Wal-Mart pins its e-commerce hopes on Lore To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 'Executive privilege' to quiet Comey called an option (29 comments) Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (31 comments) 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack (6 comments) Pulled from reality (4 comments) 2 leaders affirm climate pledges (2 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (35 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Share 348 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-06-04 Wiz Khalifa’s Ex Amber Rose Dodges Million Dollar Lawsuit Entertainment 2017-06-02 Kandi Burruss Almost Left ‘Real Housewives Of Atlanta’ Because Of Phaedra Parks And Porsha Williams Entertainment 2017-06-02 Marilyn Monroe’s Home Sells Over Asking Price, But Is It Haunted By Her Ghost? Some Say Yes Entertainment 2017-06-02 Ariana Grande Manchester Concert: 10,000 People Fraudulently Attempt To Claim Free Tickets News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News, Rumors 2017-06-04 Kendall Jenner Dating Asap Rocky: Why Their Relationship Is Stronger Than Before News 2017-06-04 Kesha Records New Music With Eagles Of Death Metal, Dr. Luke No Longer The CEO Of Sony’s Kemosabe Records Opinion 2017-06-04 Despite Trump, People Are Still Working Towards Saving The Planet [Opinion] News 2017-06-04 Cash Freeman: Oklahoma Man Shoots And Kills Neighbor Who Was Trying To Drown Infant Twins Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-06-04 WWE Extreme Rules 2017 Results Wrestling 2017-06-04 Backstage News Regarding Future Of American Alpha, Jason Jordan Could Be Breakout Star Basketball 2017-06-04 NBA Mock Draft 2017: Report Places Lonzo Ball In Top Five, But Not Above Josh Jackson Wrestling 2017-06-04 Huge Spoiler For Jinder Mahal/Randy Orton Rivalry Heading Into Rematch Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-06-04 ‘Alien’ Yoga: The Newest Fitness Rage That Contorts Your Midsection In Otherworldly Way Lifestyle 2017-06-04 Seven Helpful Things To Do By Yourself Before Getting Married [Opinion] Beauty, Lifestyle 2017-06-04 Breaking The Internet & Stereotypes, Sudanese Model Nyakim Gatwech Is A Slap On Our Skin-Color Obsessed World Lifestyle 2017-06-03 June Is Adopt A Rescue Cat Month — Here’s What You Need To Know Before Bringing A Shelter Cat Home Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-06-03 June Is Alzheimer’s And Brain Awareness Month — Why People Are Displaying Purple And How You Can Show Support Health 2017-06-03 Ambrosia Offers Fountain Of Youth To Older Adults, New Treatment Can Potentially Reverse Aging Health 2017-06-03 Bradley Lowery’s Mother Reveals In Heartbreaking Facebook Post That The Five-Year-Old Has ‘Only Weeks To Live’ Health 2017-06-02 Flesh-Eating Bacteria Kills Man Who Took Swim After Getting New Tattoo Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-06-04 Valve Promises Low Fee For Steam Direct Gaming 2017-06-04 Top ‘Overwatch’ Player Hacks To Rank: DDOS Attacks Abound Gaming 2017-06-04 ‘Kingdom Hearts’ Orchestra World Tour Features Exclusive New Story Scenes, Concert Comes To U.S. This Summer Gaming 2017-06-04 ‘The Sims 4’ Pets DLC Rumor: New Leak Hints Horses Scrapped, November Release Date BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Newborn Horse Learns To Eat: Viral Photo Draws Crowd, Fun Facts About Newborn Horses Are Just As Captivating BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Portland Protests Update: Demonstrations Turn Violent At Pro-Trump, Alt-Right Rally BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Unfazed By Approaching Tornado, Canadian Man Trims Lawn BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Gyrating Drag Queen At Grade School Show Shocks And Peeves Off Parents — Video [Opinion] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Utah Mother Who Allegedly Locked Her Two Kids In The Trunk Of Her Car As She Shopped At Walmart Arrested Crime 348 0 0 May 27, 2017 Utah Mother Who Allegedly Locked Her Two Kids In The Trunk Of Her Car As She Shopped At Walmart Arrested Rahul Srinivas Tori Castillo, a resident of Riverdale, Utah, was arrested after she allegedly locked her two young kids in the trunk of her car and went shopping. According to a KTLA report, Castillo, a 39-year-old mother of two, drove to the local Walmart with her children on Thursday, May 25, 2017; parked the car in the parking lot; and then allegedly locked her kids aged 2 and 5 inside the trunk of the car and walked into Walmart to complete her shopping trip. However, Tori’s alleged act caught the attention of a bystander who decided to call 911 — who then informed the local police department about the rather disturbing incident. According to Lieutenant Casey Warren from the Riverdale Police Department, after they received the call from the good Samaritan, officers reached the parking lot within minutes and rescued the children. According to Lt. Warren, by the time responding officers reached there, the children had started making noises and were moving frantically inside the trunk in a bid to escape. The kids were reportedly desperately trying to get out of the trunk, and their repeated movements caused the vehicle to shake violently. A small crowd had gathered at the parking lot by then. With the help of several bystanders, the cops asked the 5-year-old kid inside the trunk not to panic and directed her to use the emergency latch inside the trunk to open it from the inside. The elder child was then able to successfully open the trunk much to everyone’s relief. Tori Castillo, who was still inside Walmart the entire time, was arrested a few minutes later when she came back outside following her shopping trip. Tori was also interrogated by the officers in the parking lot. Following Tori’s arrest, Officers from the Riverdale Police Department called the Child and Family Services who then took both the children under their care. Currently, both the children are under the care of a responsible party. Following a lengthy interrogation, Tori was booked into Weber County Jail and an investigation has been launched. Tori is likely to face multiple child abuse charges. However, authorities are also likely to evaluate her mental health condition before she is tried and eventually convicted for her actions. While several cases of parents and caretakers forgetting their kids inside hot cars, often leading to injuries and death, have been reported in the past, cases of parents who deliberately put their children at risk are less common. As of now, it is still not known whether Tori had deliberately forced her kids into the trunk of the car or if her actions were the result of some form of mental illness. Officers are still investigating all possible angles so that they can come to a believable conclusion. Justin Ross Harris, the father of a toddler who died after being in a hot car for seven hours [Image by Marietta Daily Journal, Kelly J. Huff, Pool/AP Images] Hot car deaths in the U.S. have been on the rise since the past few years. According to statistics from Jan Null, CCM, Department of Meteorology and Climate Science, San Jose State University, in 2017 alone there have been 11 deaths of children who were left inside cars. In 2016, 39 children died of the same cause. In fact, since the year 1998 — the year from which agencies started to collect data from heatstroke deaths of children left in hot cars — an astounding 709 children have died inside hot cars. On average, 37 kids in the U.S. die of heatstroke, many of them inside hot cars. In the most recent incident, two children from Texas, a 2-year-old and a 16-month-old, were found dead inside a car. Two children die after being locked in a hot car as Texas temperatures soared to 96 degrees, police say https://t.co/NhPoWKAOWV pic.twitter.com/pC22uRoERG — ABC News (@ABC) May 27, 2017 Both the kids were found locked inside the car. The children were identified as Juliet and Cavanaugh Ramirez. An investigation into the incident is still underway. [Featured Image by Weber County Sheriff’s Office/AP Images] Share 348 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Rahul Srinivas Tags: careless parents, hot car, parenting June 4, 2017 Ayesha Curry Photos: Steph Curry’s Wife Dropped 20 Pounds, Shows Off Trim New Figure June 4, 2017 Melania Trump Divorce Rumors: Alleged Affair With Hank Siemers Sparks New Rumors Of A Split Comments LATEST HEADLINES Is Ariana Grande Getting Married Soon? Pop Star Performs With Beau On June 4 Concert Wearing Engagement Ring Kendall Jenner: Why She’s Refusing To Dump A$ap Rocky Despite Hectic ‘KUWTK’ Career Brad Pitt Ecstatic To Be Single, Happy With Angelina Jolie Divorce — Couple Remain On Good Terms Newborn Horse Learns To Eat: Viral Photo Draws Crowd, Fun Facts About Newborn Horses Are Just As Captivating Portland Protests Update: Demonstrations Turn Violent At Pro-Trump, Alt-Right Rally Liberals Are More Upset About Paris Climate Agreement Than London Terrorist Attack [Opinion] ‘Alien Megastructure’ Star Not So Alien: Dimming Due To Giant Ringed Planet, Astronomers Posit Michael Giacchino, ‘Spider-Man: Homecoming’ Composer, Wrote ‘Rogue One’ Score In Nearly Four Weeks T.I. Spoiling Bernice Burgos For Affection Amid Claims Tiny Harris Wants To Reconcile Robby Hayes Joins ‘Bachelor In Paradise’ Cast: A Woman From His Past May Surprise Him In ‘Paradise’ Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories George Clooney Skips Humanitarian Award Ceremony To Be With Amal During The Childbirth 16.6k 0 0 Trump’s 11-Year-Old Son Thought Beheaded Image Was Real 17.3k 0 0 James Comey Testimony Could Be Blocked By White House, Raising Talk Of Impeachment 10.3k 0 0 House Ethics Complaints Filed Against Paul Ryan And Devin Nunes For Obstruction Of Justice 6.5k 0 0 Leah Remini And Kevin James Back Together: ‘King Of Queens’ Carrie Joins ‘Kevin Can Wait’ As Series Regular 8.4k 0 0 Kathy Griffin Breaks Down At Press Conference Over Photo: ‘Donald Trump Ruined My Life, But I Won’t Stop’ 8.4k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
﻿Celebrity Fashion Beauty Hair Love Lifestyle News Videos Festival Follow Us Star Gazing Halle Berry, Yara Shahidi, Tina Lawson and More Celebs Out and About Celebrity Tupac Shakur Biopic Director Benny Boom Presents a Cast That’s Sure to Shine Celebrity Chance the Rapper Asks HBO to Cut Bill Maher's Show After Host Drops the N-Word on Air Celebrity ‘Bachelorette’ Rachel Lindsay Dated NBA All-Star Kevin Durant! More ﻿Celebrity 'Yes. Girl!' Podcast Black Celeb Couples Celebrity Moms Red Carpet ESSENCE Black Women in Hollywood Entertainment Fashion Rihanna's Newest Fenty x Puma Sneakers Just Dropped Fashion 'Sports Illustrated Swimsuit' Is Launching a Swimwear Line Fashion Niecy Nash Better Push Through in This Killer Pink 'Claws' Premiere Look! Fashion What I Screenshot This Week: The $11,000 Pineapple Printed Dress That Inspired My Summer Wardrobe More Fashion Fashion Week Street Style Accessories Beauty Ne-Yo Opens Up About Ditching Hats and Learning to Embrace His Baldness Beauty 27 Beautiful Celebrity Women Who Seem To Be Aging Backwards Beauty This Watermelon Face Mask Has A 5,000 Person Wait List Beauty 5 Crazy-Looking Sheet Masks For Glowing Skin And A Hilarious Selfie More Beauty Best in Black Beauty Skin Makeup Nails How-To Hair 19 Breathtaking and Easy Ways To Wear The Exposed Bobby Pin Trend Hair You Need This Braided Ponytail Tutorial For Festival Season Hair This Space Buns Hair Tutorial Comes With A Braided Twist Braids The Bachelorette's Rachel Lindsay Debuts New Braids for Summer More Hair Natural Relaxed Transitioning Weaves 4C Love & Sex Ask Dr. Sherry: 'We're Technically Still Married But Now I'm The Other Woman To My Husband' Love & Sex Your Best Orgasms Happen After This Age  Relationships 7 Ways to Meet Someone Special At Your Friend’s Wedding Love & Sex Mariah Carey Rekindles Romance With Her Dancer Bae More Love Weddings Parenting Relationships Lifestyle Best Father's Day Gifts For Retired Dads Travel Barbados’ Black-Owned Luxury Villa La Maison Michelle Will Truly Wow You Money & Career Olympian Michelle Carter On Pushing Past Obstacles To Make Your Own Success Money & Career Why Most Americans Aren't Using All Of Their Vacation Days More Lifestyle A Day in Her Busy Beautiful Life Health & Wellness ESSENCE Eats Money & Career Entrepreneurship Travel News Noose At Black History Museum Aligns With Increased Hate Incidents Across U.S. News HBO Responds to Bill Maher's 'Inexcusable and Tasteless' Use of the N-Word on Air News Google Honors Josephine Baker’s 111th Birthday With Doodle Politics Examining Environmental Racism: How Trump's Blatant Disregard For Climate Change Affects People Of Color More News Politics Culture Videos Dealing With In-Laws, Sex As A Married Couple And More! Check Out This Week's Marriage Episode Of ESSENCE Live Videos It's Time To Analyze These 'Get Out' Theories From The Comfort Of Your Home Essence Live This Happened: Steve Harvey’s Ex-Wife Sues Him For 'Soul Murder' Videos Aisha Hinds On Her Unique Style And Why She Went Bald More Videos 7 Things ESSENCE Live Black Girl Magic 2017 ESSENCE Festival Summertime Fine: This Pic Of Mama Tina In Beyonce's 'Ivy Park' Activewear Will Have You Running To The Gym 2017 ESSENCE Festival Chance The Rapper Shares How The Black Women In His Family Inspire His Spirit Of Activism On 'The View' 2017 ESSENCE Festival Mara Brock Akil, Kandi Burruss And More Added To ESSENCE Path To Power Conference 2017 ESSENCE Festival Master P To Honor The Memory Of 7-Year-Old Gun Violence Victim At ESSENCE Festival Celebrity Basketball Game More Festival 2017 ESSENCE Festival Artists Buy Tickets! Woke Wonderland ESSENCE Festival Durban ESSENCE Africa Close Search by typing... Search ﻿Celebrity 'Yes. Girl!' Podcast Black Celeb Couples Celebrity Moms Red Carpet ESSENCE Black Women in Hollywood Entertainment Fashion Fashion Week Street Style Accessories Beauty Best in Black Beauty Skin Makeup Nails How-To Hair Natural Relaxed Transitioning Weaves 4C Love Weddings Parenting Relationships Lifestyle A Day in Her Busy Beautiful Life Health & Wellness ESSENCE Eats Money & Career Entrepreneurship Travel News Politics Culture Videos 7 Things ESSENCE Live Black Girl Magic Festival 2017 ESSENCE Festival Artists Buy Tickets! Woke Wonderland ESSENCE Festival Durban ESSENCE Africa Subscribe Home News Miss Black Texas Accuses Police Chief Of False Arrest After Road Rage Incident RELATED VIDEO "Black Women Unbothered By Police" Is The Photo Series We Never Knew We Needed See Video Photo by Carmen Ponder By Paula Rogo May, 27, 2017 A Texas police chief called Carmen Ponder a “black b**** during the confrontation   Carmen Ponder, Miss Black Texas 2016, was driving to a North Texas Walmart when she decided to pass a black truck. The driver, she says, was driving erratically and she believed they could be drunk.  When she parked her car outside the Walmart, she realized the black truck had followed her. What followed was an incident that now has the recent Texas A&M graduate calling for the resignation of Terry Crews, the police chief in Commerce, Texas. https://twitter.com/CarmenSierraaa/status/866673510739058688 Police brutality and Abuse of Power from a Police Chief. Let me talk to my lawyer and I'll fill y'all in #blacklivesmatter— Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 22, 2017 RELATED: Subscribe to our daily newsletter for the latest in hair, beauty, style and celebrity news. Crews had apparently been in the passenger’s seat of the car, teaching his 14-year-old daughter how to drive. He was angered when Ponder decided to pass him, and followed her all the way to the Walmart to confront her. According to Ponder, who shared her experience in a tweet, Crews began yelling aggressively at her for passing him and did not identify himself as a cop. “He continued yelling and cussing me out and I finally turned around and said, “it’s illegal” when he kept saying it was a 14 year old driving,” she wrote. “That’s when he screamed ‘oh whatever, you black b****!’”  RELATED: Viral Video Allegedly Shows San Antonio Police Punching 14-Year-Old Girl https://twitter.com/CarmenSierraaa/status/867170450408968192 @MeritLaw pic.twitter.com/LeHyS9JwHM— Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 24, 2017 Ponder decided to extricate herself from the situation by entering the store, but Crews and a group of men were waiting for her upon her exit. When they demanded an apology for the now-acknowledged police chief, Ponder refused, trying to get to her car. That is when she notified that she was being detained, and another individual, also a police officer, grabbed her. More police eventually arrived on the scene, siding with the police chief and the other individuals who claimed she was resisting arrest. “The cop then pulled out his cuffs and arrested me,” she said. “I spent 24 hours in jail and currently have a charge for avoiding arrest.” RELATED: Police Chief Admits To Getting Key Detail Wrong In Fatal Shooting Of Black Teen In Texas https://twitter.com/MeritLaw/status/868094046429990916 Facts: #CarmenPonder was called a "black bitch" by a city official. #CarmenPonder was wrongfully arrested. #CarmenPonder faces false charges pic.twitter.com/PpHAreyp1K— S. Lee Merritt, Esq. (@MeritLaw) May 26, 2017 “It’s just a reminder that our skin color, speaking specifically about the African-American community, is seen as something hostile, dangerous and illegal,” civil rights lawyer Lee Merritt, Ponder’s lawyer,  told the Huffington Post. He is calling for Ponder’s charge to be dropped, and for for Crews to resign. action. RELATED: Police Kill Suspect In A Fatal San Diego Pool Party Shooting Crews has yet to release a statement. He has been placed on administrative leave. Read More Latest In Video Mack Wilds Performs ''Explore'' From New Album 'AfterHours' See More Videos More From Essence News Noose At Black History Museum Aligns With Increased Hate Incidents Across U.S. News HBO Responds to Bill Maher's 'Inexcusable and Tasteless' Use of the N-Word on Air News Google Honors Josephine Baker’s 111th Birthday With Doodle News Brandy Rushed To Hospital After Falling Unconscious On Delta Flight News Dakota Access Pipeline Starts Shipping Oil Despite Protests News The Trump Administration Is Asking the Supreme Court To Reinstate Its Travel Ban Filed under: News Latest News How Dianne Smith Turned A Domestic Violence Incident Into Art 1:17 PM Halle Berry, Yara Shahidi, Tina Lawson and More Celebs Out and About 12:41 PM Tupac Shakur Biopic Director Benny Boom Presents a Cast That’s Sure to Shine 11:07 AM Chance the Rapper Asks HBO to Cut Bill Maher's Show After Host Drops the N-Word on Air 10:31 AM Rihanna's Newest Fenty x Puma Sneakers Just Dropped 10:22 AM Noose At Black History Museum Aligns With Increased Hate Incidents Across U.S. Jun 03   Latest In Video Mack Wilds Performs ''Explore'' From New Album 'AfterHours' See More Videos SUBSCRIBE TO THE MAGAZINE Plus, receive digital access and a free gift with your purchase! SUBSCRIBE NOW Sign Up To The Newsletter Get The Essence Newsletter and Special Offers delivered to your inbox! By clicking Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. ESSENCE MAKES A SPECIAL GIFT Share your love of ESSENCE with a gift subscription to the Magazine. Give a Gift! Follow us on Help and Information Our Company Customer Service Change Your Address Contact Us Job Opportunities Internships Media Kit Subscribe Newsletters Give a Gift of ESSENCE Magazine Tablet Edition More on essence Home Love Celebrity Beauty Hair Fashion ESSENCE Festival Essence.com is part of the Time Inc. Style Collection and the Time Inc. Lifestyle Network. © 2017 Essence Communications Inc. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Your California Privacy Rights | Terms of Use | Essence.com Advertising Terms | AD CHOICES
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Crime Held hostage for 25 hours: Kissimmee man targeted by accused serial kidnapper For 25 hours, Frank Novak says he drove around Kissimmee with a weapon held to the back of his head. He was told he would die if he tried anything. His accused kidnapper only wanted one thing: money. Since Novak said he only had a dollar left in his account, his abductor kept him until his paycheck cleared in his account the next day, police say.  For 25 hours, Frank Novak says he drove around Kissimmee with a weapon held to the back of his head. He was told he would die if he tried anything. His accused kidnapper only wanted one thing: money. Since Novak said he only had a dollar left in his account, his abductor kept him until his paycheck cleared in his account the next day, police say.  Christal Hayes Contact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy Frank Novak just wanted to survive. For 25 hours, he drove around Kissimmee with a weapon held to the back of his head. He was told he would die if he tried to escape. “I tried to stay calm, but I kept shaking,” Novak said. “All I was thinking was, ‘I’ve got to do whatever this guy wants so he doesn’t hurt me,’ because he said he had a gun.” Police say his accused kidnapper was after one thing: money. But Novak wasn’t the only victim. Gabriel Rene chose his prey based on where they worked or what their cars looked like, usually targeting people who were alone and vulnerable, police say. He has been charged with kidnapping five people over two months. For weeks, police say, he got away with it. Court records reveal he would force his victims to drive around Kissimmee and Osceola County, give him money, then sometimes help him find his next target. Rene, 22, would then ditch his victims after getting what he wanted, which police say included sexually battering one woman. He even taunted authorities over the course of his crimes, which police say led to his undoing. The hunt for Rene started in February, just a day after he was released from the Osceola County Jail on unrelated charges. Novak had gotten off work from Wal-Mart on Feb. 9 and was on Oak Street near John Young Parkway when police say Rene grabbed him from behind, held a weapon to his back and said: “You’re being robbed. Give me your money.” He pulled out his wallet, took out $20 and an old Wal-Mart gift card, and handed it over. That wasn’t enough. Rene asked how much more money he had in his bank account, police said. Novak was broke but told Rene he was getting paid the next morning. “I have to get mines before I let you go,” Rene told Novak. “I can’t just let you leave.” For a full day, Novak said, Rene had him drive around the city, stopping at several places throughout the day, including a Wal-Mart, a 7-Eleven, a Burger King and a Subway. Courtesy Frank Novak Novak's sister texted him during his ordeal. Rene forced him to answer her like everything was normal. Novak's sister texted him during his ordeal. Rene forced him to answer her like everything was normal. (Courtesy Frank Novak) He held a pair of scissors to the back of his head most of the time, telling Novak, “You got a gun pointed at your back,” police records show. “Throughout the day, I had some opportunities where I could have made a break for it, but I just wanted to survive,” Novak said. “That was my thing: doing what he asked, keeping him happy, so he wouldn’t hurt me.” Police say Rene acted erratically, at times friendly, but then telling Novak he planned to kill him. “I should have killed you right back there when I first picked you up, but you were carrying those Catholic beads,” Rene told him, according to Novak. “I couldn’t bring myself to kill you because you believe in God.” After Novak’s paycheck cleared in his account, they drove to an ATM. He took out the $800 and handed it over. Novak didn’t know Rene was recording their interactions on Rene’s cellphone. Toward the end of the 25-hour ordeal, Novak says, Rene forced him to go back to where he’d first abducted him to re-enact the kidnapping. A video shows suspect Gabriel Rene kidnap Frank Novak, hold him for hours and force him to drive around the Osceola County with a weapon to his back, police said. Novak was forced to take out $800 from an ATM before he was let go, records show.  A video shows suspect Gabriel Rene kidnap Frank Novak, hold him for hours and force him to drive around the Osceola County with a weapon to his back, police said. Novak was forced to take out $800 from an ATM before he was let go, records show.  See more videos Police said Rene then edited together an 8-minute video that condensed the 25 hours and put it on Novak’s phone. At the end, a message for law-enforcement officers scrolls across the screen: “Happy Hunting Mother F****** Pigs.” Rene let Novak go the next morning. Novak went straight to police and gave them the video. During the next two months, four others were kidnapped, including an employee at Osceola Regional Medical Center. Each time, police say Rene’s actions intensified, replacing his scissors with a gun and a mask, and ultimately resorting to physical violence when his demands weren’t met. Police say Rene’s crimes escalated April 12, when he kidnapped a woman at gunpoint as she was watching Disney World fireworks from a Target parking lot along U.S. Highway 192, records show. When she said she didn’t have any money, Rene told her if he “was not going to get money out of her, he was going to get something else out of her,” an arrest affidavit said. For several hours, he punched her, sexually assaulted her and then forced her to drive him around, looking for other victims before she was released, deputies said. The Kissimmee Police Department and the Osceola County Sheriff’s Office followed tips, which led to them finding Rene’s gun and clothing behind a business where he had tried to sell his gun, police said. He was found April 14 at the Dakin Avenue LYNX station, two days after the last kidnapping. He denied abducting anyone, an arrest affidavit said. There was no response to calls to Rene’s lawyer. Kissimmee Police Chief Jeffrey O’Dell said he’s glad Rene is behind bars. “This man was certainly dangerous, and what was worrying was with each of these crimes, his actions were intensifying and getting worse,” he said. Since Novak’s abduction, he has taken off several weeks from his job, is going through counseling and had an alarm system installed in his home. “Sometimes something will just trigger it, and I’m back there,” he said. “For weeks I didn’t even want to go outside, but it’s like everywhere I go, I am conscious of my surroundings and worried someone is going to come up behind me. I am just glad I don’t have to worry about this guy anymore.” chayes@orlandosentinel.com, 407-420-5493 or Twitter: @journo_christal Caption The Seminole County Sheriff’s Office on Friday released video of an accused marijuana grower and an accomplice setting fire to his pot crop as law enforcement helicopters circled overhead. The Seminole County Sheriff’s Office on Friday released video of an accused marijuana grower and an accomplice setting fire to his pot crop as law enforcement helicopters circled overhead. Caption The Seminole County Sheriff’s Office on Friday released video of an accused marijuana grower and an accomplice setting fire to his pot crop as law enforcement helicopters circled overhead. The Seminole County Sheriff’s Office on Friday released video of an accused marijuana grower and an accomplice setting fire to his pot crop as law enforcement helicopters circled overhead. Caption A 22-year-old man was arrested by UCF Police on Wednesday for changing a grade in an engineering class.  A 22-year-old man was arrested by UCF Police on Wednesday for changing a grade in an engineering class.  Caption New bodycam footage released by Orlando, Belle Isle, and Edgewood police departments offer a better glimpse at the police response to the Pulse nightclub shooting.  New bodycam footage released by Orlando, Belle Isle, and Edgewood police departments offer a better glimpse at the police response to the Pulse nightclub shooting.  Caption Orange County deputies are searching for a person of interest related to a murder investigation of 56-year-old Dale Eric Floren. Floren was found in the parking lot of the Florida Mall. Orange County deputies are searching for a person of interest related to a murder investigation of 56-year-old Dale Eric Floren. Floren was found in the parking lot of the Florida Mall. Caption Marc Edward Knotts, member of the Outlaws Motorcycle Club, was arrested along with two other people for their suspected involvement in a shooting that left one man dead last month. Newly released arrest reports describe a "coordinated attack" outside a Circle K. Marc Edward Knotts, member of the Outlaws Motorcycle Club, was arrested along with two other people for their suspected involvement in a shooting that left one man dead last month. Newly released arrest reports describe a "coordinated attack" outside a Circle K. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Law Enforcement Kidnapping Kissimmee News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Legal Notices Obituaries 76°
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix CW39 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW39 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Local Nation/World Features Community Entertainment Events EyeOpener Traffic Contests Weather 72° 72° Low 69° High 81° Mon 73° 86° Tue 71° 89° Wed 67° 91° See complete forecast Severe weather alert What to make of these viral racist tirades? Posted 9:17 AM, May 27, 2017, by CNN Wire Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email (CNN) — The cell phone videos show the underbelly of American society. Racist vitriol, mostly directly at Latinos, shared on social media. In an Arkansas Walmart, an unidentified shopper told a woman “go back to Mexico,” and called another woman the N-word. At a Nevada airport, one man yelled profanities at another man speaking Spanish on the phone to his mother. And in a Virginia Sprint store, a woman hurled a racist slur at a customer named Juan, saying: “This is my f***ing country.” Walmart said it would ask the customer to no longer shop at their stores. Sprint’s CEO said he and colleagues were “disgusted” by the woman’s actions. We asked experts to weigh in on the racist rants and what may be fueling them. Here is what they said: People feel emboldened “It means that America is back where it was … decades ago. That kind of thing went out of fashion with the Civil Rights movement; the Trump campaign brought it back into fashion,” said the Rev. Joseph A. Darby, vice president of the Charleston, South Carolina, NAACP branch. President Donald Trump “tapped into seething anger” that was already boiling in those who couldn’t accept an African-American President, Darby said. Trump “legitimized bigotry by the way he campaigned.” “People who found their hope in him feel emboldened to say and do things that they wouldn’t do before … It leads to all kinds of foolishness that people have kept under wraps before because now they feel empowered because they think they have a President.” Darby said he believes some of the rants also stem from “fear on the part of some misguided, for the lack of a better word, ignorant people who believe they are losing their country, with their country being a white country.” He said: “They feel that they’re going to lose the privilege of being white, and when you have fear, you do ugly things sometimes.” It’s not new; it’s cyclical Teresa Carrillo said the rants illustrate an anti-immigrant sentiment in the country, which isn’t new. The nation has experienced rants and derogatory language that created hostile environments for immigrants, including anti-immigrant campaigns that preceded deportations in the Depression-era, she said. “It’s cyclical. It goes along with the policies of the day and the ideology of the day,” said Carrillo, a political scientist and professor with San Francisco State University’s Department of Latina/Latino Studies. But cell phones now bring it “into our consciousness in a much more emotional way,” she said. “There’s one part of this that could move us forward as a society … It’s in our face now, and we can’t deny that it’s happening,” Carrillo said. She said: “People who are recording them may feel like it’s an injustice, and that’s why they are recording it — and you can see some of the responses.” But she said while the rants are bothersome for people to witness, “it’s kind of uncomfortable for people to talk about the ugly side of racism.” Carrillo said hopefully the videos will spur discussions and actions. “We have to decide as a multicultural society are we going to look away when this happens or are we going to work to move towards change, and publicly show that that is not the popular sentiment,” she said. It’s a push back against diversity “There is a clear push back against diversity in our society. When you look at the battle on college campuses, you see that there’s been a rise in hate groups that have spurred up across the country,” said education consultant Andre Perry, citing speeches by white nationalist Richard Spencer on campuses. Perry, a columnist for The Hechinger Report and a contributor to CNN.com, pointed to the recent stabbing death of Richard Collins III, a black Bowie State University student. Police charged University of Maryland College Park student Sean Urbanski, 22, who is white, with killing Collins, 23. Police said Urbanski was a member of a Facebook group called “Alt-Reich,” which spewed hate toward black people and other minorities. Authorities plan to investigate whether the killing is a hate crime. Perry said “Collins was made a target by white nationalists and separatists feeling comfortable spewing their hate.” “When a President of the United States installs a cabinet member who hosts a virtual salon for white nationalists — I’m talking about (Steve) Bannon being the publisher of Breitbart News — it’s not surprising that people are feeling comfortable spewing hate wherever they see threats to whiteness,” Perry said. He added: “There are white people who are feeling the cultural and linguistic threat of diversity, and the only way for them to handle that anxiety is to hurt others.” Social media has helped bring these rants to light “What they reflect more than anything else is similar to what we are seeing with police shootings is that this is not a new phenomenon,” said Jack Glaser, a professor of public policy at University of California, Berkeley. “What’s new is the ability to record it.” Glaser, who studies police shootings, specializes in stereotyping, prejudice and discrimination in the criminal justice system and law enforcement. “I think we have a certain percent of the population that is virulently racist, and that they will express that from time to time,” he said. Glaser, who is also a social psychologist, said the widespread condemnation of the videos is one positive outcome. And he said it is possible that there are higher rates of these incidents as evidenced by hate crime statistics. Glaser said the rants force the public to confront them, in the same way videos of police shootings sparked a national conversation about police conduct and race. “There is no evidence the rate of which African Americans are being shot by police is any higher in the last few years than it was decades before,” he said. “But what’s clearly changed is our ability to document it and people to transmit that information instantly through social media.” 37.431573 -78.656894 Related stories Final Confederate statue comes down in New Orleans ACLU claims police department in Mississippi is targeting black people White cop sues for racial discrimination after finding out he’s part African Trademark and Copyright 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. Filed in: Nation/World Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Got a Tip? Let us know! Click here to email us your news tip. Popular Man dies after swimming with new tattoo Murder suspect dead, 3 officers shot in Laredo shootout Jack in The Box employees fired for being rude to HPD HCSO to get outside ‘oversight’ during investigation into man’s death after confrontation with off-duty officer, her husband Latest News Fifth Ward community members protest church after man tazed by HPD President Trump’s response to London terror attack stands out for all the wrong reasons HPD: 2 killed in Greenspoint apartment complex Breitbart employees infuriated by colleagues’ ‘appalling’ comments after London terror attack Nation/World Prominent Memphis couple reportedly caught in racist rant Nation/World Copperhead snake bites man inside Arkansas Walmart Nation/World Racial slur gets man banned from Boston’s Fenway Park for life Texas Video: Man swears at family, yells ‘Trump will stop you’ in anti-Muslim tirade at Texas beach Nation/World NewsFix Stranger interrupts Asian funeral and makes racist remarks; family is very offended Nation/World Serena Williams slams Ilie Nastase over ‘racist’ comments Local NewsFix Police arrest Humble man, Houston woman nicknamed ‘Checked up Stanka’ wanted for string of Kroger store robberies Local Community leaders host “Hands Off Al Green” press conference Nation/World ‘One word says it all. Asian.’ Woman denied Airbnb during snowstorm because of her race  Nation/World Passengers get into fistfight aboard Southwest flight Local Man charged in cold-blooded killing of Deputy Darren Goforth found competent to stand trial Nation/World American Airlines investigating confrontation captured on video Nation/World NewsFix ‘Vicious gang of kids’ beat man with autism Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 7700 Westpark Drive Houston, TX 77063 • Copyright © 2017, KIAH • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / National News / What to make of these viral racist tirades? What to make of these viral racist tirades? Posted on Saturday, May 27, 2017 by CNN in National News The cell phone videos show the underbelly of American society. Racist vitriol, mostly directly at Latinos, shared on social media. In an Arkansas Walmart, an unidentified shopper told a woman “go back to Mexico,” and called another woman the N-word. At a Nevada airport, one man yelled profanities at another man speaking Spanish on the phone to his mother. And in a Virginia Sprint store, a woman hurled a racist slur at a customer named Juan, saying: “This is my f***ing country.” Walmart said it would ask the customer to no longer shop at their stores. Sprint’s CEO said he and colleagues were “disgusted” by the woman’s actions. We asked experts to weigh in on the racist rants and what may be fueling them. Here is what they said: People feel emboldened “It means that America is back where it was … decades ago. That kind of thing went out of fashion with the Civil Rights movement; the Trump campaign brought it back into fashion,” said the Rev. Joseph A. Darby, vice president of the Charleston, South Carolina, NAACP branch. President Donald Trump “tapped into seething anger” that was already boiling in those who couldn’t accept an African-American President, Darby said. Trump “legitimized bigotry by the way he campaigned.” “People who found their hope in him feel emboldened to say and do things that they wouldn’t do before … It leads to all kinds of foolishness that people have kept under wraps before because now they feel empowered because they think they have a President.” Darby said he believes some of the rants also stem from “fear on the part of some misguided, for the lack of a better word, ignorant people who believe they are losing their country, with their country being a white country.” He said: “They feel that they’re going to lose the privilege of being white, and when you have fear, you do ugly things sometimes.” It’s not new; it’s cyclical Teresa Carrillo said the rants illustrate an anti-immigrant sentiment in the country, which isn’t new. The nation has experienced rants and derogatory language that created hostile environments for immigrants, including anti-immigrant campaigns that preceded deportations in the Depression-era, she said. “It’s cyclical. It goes along with the policies of the day and the ideology of the day,” said Carrillo, a political scientist and professor with San Francisco State University’s Department of Latina/Latino Studies. But cell phones now bring it “into our consciousness in a much more emotional way,” she said. “There’s one part of this that could move us forward as a society … It’s in our face now, and we can’t deny that it’s happening,” Carrillo said. She said: “People who are recording them may feel like it’s an injustice, and that’s why they are recording it — and you can see some of the responses.” But she said while the rants are bothersome for people to witness, “it’s kind of uncomfortable for people to talk about the ugly side of racism.” Carrillo said hopefully the videos will spur discussions and actions. “We have to decide as a multicultural society are we going to look away when this happens or are we going to work to move towards change, and publicly show that that is not the popular sentiment,” she said. It’s a push back against diversity “There is a clear push back against diversity in our society. When you look at the battle on college campuses, you see that there’s been a rise in hate groups that have spurred up across the country,” said education consultant Andre Perry, citing speeches by white nationalist Richard Spencer on campuses. Perry, a columnist for The Hechinger Report and a contributor to CNN.com, pointed to the recent stabbing death of Richard Collins III, a black Bowie State University student. Police charged University of Maryland College Park student Sean Urbanski, 22, who is white, with killing Collins, 23. Police said Urbanski was a member of a Facebook group called “Alt-Reich,” which spewed hate toward black people and other minorities. Authorities plan to investigate whether the killing is a hate crime. Perry said “Collins was made a target by white nationalists and separatists feeling comfortable spewing their hate.” “When a President of the United States installs a cabinet member who hosts a virtual salon for white nationalists — I’m talking about (Steve) Bannon being the publisher of Breitbart News — it’s not surprising that people are feeling comfortable spewing hate wherever they see threats to whiteness,” Perry said. He added: “There are white people who are feeling the cultural and linguistic threat of diversity, and the only way for them to handle that anxiety is to hurt others.” Social media has helped bring these rants to light “What they reflect more than anything else is similar to what we are seeing with police shootings is that this is not a new phenomenon,” said Jack Glaser, a professor of public policy at University of California, Berkeley. “What’s new is the ability to record it.” Glaser, who studies police shootings, specializes in stereotyping, prejudice and discrimination in the criminal justice system and law enforcement. “I think we have a certain percent of the population that is virulently racist, and that they will express that from time to time,” he said. Glaser, who is also a social psychologist, said the widespread condemnation of the videos is one positive outcome. And he said it is possible that there are higher rates of these incidents as evidenced by hate crime statistics. Glaser said the rants force the public to confront them, in the same way videos of police shootings sparked a national conversation about police conduct and race. “There is no evidence the rate of which African Americans are being shot by police is any higher in the last few years than it was decades before,” he said. “But what’s clearly changed is our ability to document it and people to transmit that information instantly through social media.” Abraham Lincoln document from Civil War up for sale Two South Carolina men charged for forcing alligator to drink beer Related Posts 5 People Dead After Snowstorms Pummel Buffalo, N.Y. Car plows into pedestrians in New York City; trick-or-treaters among victims Video: Girls say creepy clown chased them home Carey Gabay, aide to N.Y. Gov. Cuomo, succumbs to injuries caused by ‘random bullet’ Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Trace Pickering, pioneer in learner-centered education, to keynote K-12 education track LEARN MORE Most Popular Most Recent Time Machine: Matsell’s Castle Farm News Track: Fatal Coggon shooting Pianist presents ‘unprecedented’ gift for Orchestra Iowa Another tryout camp in the books for C.R. RoughRiders Sewing smiles: Williamsburg group makes sock monkeys for pediatric patients At Cosby trial, a constellation of race, celebrity, power and gender converges Another tryout camp in the books for C.R. RoughRiders Putin calls U.S. election-meddling charge a ‘load of nonsense’ in Kelly interview For Iowa teens and summer jobs, now may be the time Hamilton, Blankenhorn go deep, Kernels sting Bees, 11-6 Amazon opens grocery pickup kiosks Goal is to compete with Wal-Mart, Target Video Photo Photo illustration by Liz Martin/The Gazette Bloomberg News May 26, 2017 at 3:44 pm | Print View Amazon.com opened two grocery pickup kiosks in Seattle, part of its latest effort to enter the $800 billion grocery market and compete with “click and collect” shopping options from big box competitors such as Wal-Mart Stores. The AmazonFresh Pickup spots let shoppers buy groceries online and pick them up in as little as 15 minutes rather than having them delivered to their homes. The service is open to Amazon Prime members who pay $99 a year for delivery discounts and video and music streaming. Each location has parking spaces beneath canopies similar to those seen at gas stations. Grocery sales have been slow to shift online, unlike books and electronics, leaving Amazon at a disadvantage to competitors such as Wal-Mart, Target Corp. and supermarket chain Kroger Co. Amazon is experimenting with brick-and-mortar concepts to get a toehold in grocery sales while its competitors add online options to their existing stores. Amazon also opened a convenience store format called Amazon Go that lets shoppers check in with a smartphone app, grab sandwiches, salads and other items they want from shelves and leave without having to check out. Instead, customers get billed automatically. The format is being tested by employees, who have found the technology crashes when the store gets too crowded, according to people familiar with the matter. Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Nation & World articles At Cosby trial, a constellation of race, ... London attack toll rises to 7 dead Putin calls U.S. election-meddling charg ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
News News Crime Business Politics Local News Local News Temecula Riverside San Bernardino Moreno Valley Corona Lake Elsinore Murrieta Riverside County Hemet San Jacinto Norco Sports Sports HS GameTime Rams Lakers Clippers Dodgers Angels Padres Chargers USC UCLA College Sports Kings Ducks MMA/Boxing Soccer Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Casinos Music + Concerts Movies + TV Theater Events Home + Garden Travel Best of Inland Empire Obituaries Opinion The Cannifornian Newsletters E-edition Subscribe + Subscriber Services News News Crime Business Politics Local News Local News Temecula Riverside San Bernardino Moreno Valley Corona Lake Elsinore Murrieta Riverside County Hemet San Jacinto Norco Sports Sports HS GameTime Rams Lakers Clippers Dodgers Angels Padres Chargers USC UCLA College Sports Kings Ducks MMA/Boxing Soccer Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Casinos Music + Concerts Movies + TV Theater Events Home + Garden Travel Best of Inland Empire Obituaries Opinion The Cannifornian $500,000 grant will help Norco College build… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Kindergartners help save teacher How will eclipse affect solar power? Truck hits flower shop HS GameTime: CIF championships Local News $500,000 grant will help Norco College build itself into logistics training hub Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Students break into groups to work on a class project during their programable logic controllers class at Norco College on Monday, May 22. Photo by Stan Lim, The Press-Enterprise/SCNG By Stephen Wall | PUBLISHED: May 27, 2017 at 6:00 am | UPDATED: May 28, 2017 at 9:25 pm Jonathan Monk grew up around wires, gadgets and high-powered tools. His dad was a high-voltage electrician; his grandfather an automotive technician. “It’s in my blood,” Monk said. It’s no surprise the 22-year-old Norco resident is pursuing a career involving technology and machines. Monk attends Norco College, which is becoming a training ground for the fast-growing logistics industry. The school is expanding its six-year-old supply chain technology program through a $500,000 grant from the California Community College Chancellor’s Office. Supply chain automation refers to the process of receiving, organizing and preparing products for delivery to consumers. “Basically, it’s what makes Amazon Prime and the two-day delivery stuff possible,” said Charles Henkels, Norco College’s apprenticeship director for career and technical education. The grant is seed money to launch an apprenticeship program that aims to include partnerships with companies such as Target, Fender and Walmart, Henkels said. The money pays for instruction, lab equipment and costs to start the program. The apprenticeship initiative, which is being developed, is an extension of the college’s seven-month intensive and traditional two-year program in which students can earn certificates and get jobs as industrial automation technicians. About 150 students are in the program, Henkels said. Graduates earn starting pay between $14 and $17 an hour, he added. Logistics, or goods movement, is fueling economic growth in the Inland area, which ranks second in the nation for million-square-foot “megawarehouses,” according to commercial real estate company CBRE Group. There are 13 such warehouses in the region, spanning 15.4 million square feet, including three Amazon fulfillment centers in Eastvale, Moreno Valley and San Bernardino. Logistics accounted for almost one in four jobs created in the Inland Empire from 2011 to 2016, and continues to grow, John Husing, chief economist for the Inland Empire Economic Partnership, said in a December report. Amazon, Walmart and other companies with large warehouses and distribution centers need skilled employees to install, run, upgrade and fix software, hardware and automated equipment, Henkels said. “They cannot get enough qualified workers currently,” said Glen Graham, Norco College electronics and electrician instructor. “Our job is to bridge that gap by training them in the electrical, the math, the measurements and the different related technologies to get them to be able to handle those jobs.” The apprenticeship program, which is expected to begin with 25 students and grow, combines on-the-job training with classroom lessons. Businesses can partner with the college to train new technicians and improve the skills of existing employees, Henkels said. “It’s definitely new and innovative,” Henkels said. “Typically, when employers are looking for technicians, they have an experience requirement and are looking for people that have been in the field a while.” Walmart recently hired two students from Norco’s supply chain technician program and sees the apprenticeship program as a potential source of future industrial maintenance workers. “Our work with Norco College is a great example of how we can collaborate with colleges and universities to help grow the number of skilled workers entering the workforce,” Keith Nye, Walmart’s director of logistics maintenance and reliability, said in a statement. Norco College’s supply chain technology program draws students from across the region. Thomas Valent drives 90 minutes each way from Cathedral City in the Coachella Valley desert because he can’t find another college with such a focus closer to home. Valent, who works full-time fixing printers, monitors and other electronics, uses vacation time and days off to take classes to improve his career prospects. “Some of my friends work in the warehousing industry and they tell me how good their job is,” said Valent, 40. “It’s stable and it pays well.” Matthew McCall, 24, enrolled at Norco College this spring after serving four years in the Army. The Pomona resident wants to follow in his father’s footsteps and work for a company that makes conveyor systems. “It’s challenging,” McCall said. “Machines break in different ways. There’s so much to it. I want to learn what I need to know to get ahead of the curve.” ABOUT THE PROGRAM Name: Supply Chain Technology School: Norco College Started: 2011 Enrollment: About 150 students Purpose: Prepare students to install, run, upgrade and fix equipment used at automated warehouses. What’s new: The school recently got a $500,000 grant for an apprenticeship program combining on-the-job training and classroom lessons. Information: 951-372-7166, glen.graham@norcocollege.com, http://www.norcocollege.edu Get the latest news delivered daily! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Rancho Verde completes CIF-State boys track championship goal Fatal crash occurs on Cajalco Road in Mead Valley Hemet police suspect window smashing incidents related Sen. Kamala Harris is bringing ‘California resistance’ to Washington Wrong-way driver in fatal crash on 10 Freeway in Fontana Tired of traffic at the Temecula Valley Balloon and Wine Festival? Try camping Tags:  education Top Stories PE Stephen Wall View Comments Join the Conversation We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com. blog comments powered by Disqus More in Local News Hemet police suspect window smashing incidents related Wildfire scorches 14 acres south of Banning Over 100,000 gallons of sewage spills into Whitewater River storm channel Driver arrested in Rancho Cucamonga fatal DUI collision, deputies say Live Traffic Map Weather Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS About Us About Us Contact Us About SCNG Company Store RSS Feeds How to Advertise with Us Media Kit Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Advertising Sections Cars Classifieds Directory Real Estate Jobs Top Workplaces Find Us on Other Platforms Email Newsletter Signup Mobile Apps E-edition Current Newspaper Ads Site Map Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Photo Reprints Reader Rewards Partners San Bernardino Sun Redlands Daily Facts The Cannifornian Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Apple Hospitality REIT Inc (APLE) Receives $18.00 Consensus PT from Brokerages Head-To-Head Survey: Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated (COKE) & The Coca-Cola (KO) Essilor International SA (ESLOY) Given $70.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Premier Foods Spon (PRRFY) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Brokerages Anticipate Coherent, Inc. (COHR) to Announce $3.45 EPS Radius Health Inc (RDUS) PT Set at $65.00 by Cantor Fitzgerald Gap Inc (GPS) Upgraded by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. to “Buy” NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) Given a $32.00 Price Target by Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Wal-Mart Stores’ (WMT) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Wells Fargo & Co Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc (FIS) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $2.35 Billion Verastem Inc (VSTM) Given a $6.00 Price Target at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Canadian National Railway (CNI) Will Announce Earnings of $0.94 Per Share $0.62 Earnings Per Share Expected for Papa John's Int'l, Inc. (PZZA) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate CarMax, Inc (KMX) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $4.52 Billion Anixter International Inc. (AXE) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $2.03 Billion Cerner Co. (CERN) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.57 Per Share Analysts Expect Cerner Co. (CERN) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.30 Billion Brokerages Set Antero Midstream GP LP (AMGP) PT at $26.89 Euronav NV (EURN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Norbord Inc. (OSB) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Focused Investors LLC Has $1437 Million Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) May 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Focused Investors LLC decreased its stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) by 0.7% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 1,984,000 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 13,700 shares during the period. Wal-Mart Stores comprises approximately 5.2% of Focused Investors LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 9th largest position. Focused Investors LLC’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $143,007,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. bought a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth about $104,000. Asset Planning Services Ltd. raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.7% in the first quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. now owns 1,511 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $109,000 after buying an additional 11 shares during the period. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 6,777.8% in the fourth quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 114,171 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $114,000 after buying an additional 112,511 shares during the period. Sunbelt Securities Inc. bought a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth about $125,000. Finally, Crow Point Partners LLC bought a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth about $127,000. Institutional investors own 29.69% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 78.13 on Friday. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 12-month low of $65.28 and a 12-month high of $79.44. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $75.55 and its 200-day moving average price is $71.19. The company has a market cap of $237.12 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.74 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The firm had revenue of $116.53 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $117.01 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.98 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.36 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright law. The original version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/27/focused-investors-llc-has-1437-million-position-in-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. A number of equities research analysts have recently issued reports on WMT shares. Vetr lowered Wal-Mart Stores from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $69.26 target price for the company. in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Bank of America Corp upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their target price for the company from $76.00 to $88.00 in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Gordon Haskett started coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Tuesday, May 9th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $90.00 target price for the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, TheStreet upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have issued a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the stock. Wal-Mart Stores currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $78.15. In related news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,667,343 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.99, for a total transaction of $264,012,022.57. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at $756,408,072.73. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 4,542,361 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.54, for a total value of $320,418,144.94. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 6,748,580 shares in the company, valued at $476,044,833.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 18,856,294 shares of company stock worth $1,396,513,400 over the last 90 days. Corporate insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Traffic Pedestrian killed in crash on I-440 in Raleigh Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Chance for storms remains overnight, Monday Sponsor Weather 2017 Atlantic hurricane season begins as many still struggle to recover from Matthew DUALDoppler5000 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Baseball North Carolina State holds off Kentucky 5-4 in NCAA regional Our Take Reliable Dalatri leads UNC past Michigan 8-1 in elimination game Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Perimeter players likely to rule ACC hoops in 2017-18 Twitter mailbag goes from sandwiches to 90s music All ACC Tourney games (don't) matter Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business Must-do for Congress: Raise debt limit, pass spending bills Business Trump to push for overhauling roads, bridges, air traffic Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Serena Williams in Silicon Valley Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: Legislature's budget -- More comfort for the comfortable Editorial: Legislators should heed protesters' message on Medicaid PHILIP PRICE: Truth is Senate 'cuts' to education 'bureaucracy' mean less accountability and support for teachers, students Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Business Duke seeks 15 percent increase in electric rates Business Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Health Team Texas lawmakers make few moves to address pregnancy deaths Political News This one letter helped spark a national opioid epidemic Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Theme park fun around US Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Entertainment Late in life, sex assault trial caps Cosby's life and legacy Entertainment Grande returns to Manchester to honor victims with benefit Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event You don’t need the newspaper to get your Sunday Circulars Click & Save for Instant Savings › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Restaurant patrons hid following shooting of 7-year-old boy Out and About Thousands take to Raleigh streets for Ironman race Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Interested in sports & pop culture? Listen to the NEW podcast › 72° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 72° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather Halifax and Northampton counties are under alert. Details Published: 2017-05-26 05:00:00 Updated: 2017-05-26 23:16:14 2 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Memorial Day Sales through Swagbucks Tags: Freebies Posted May 26 Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18B9M Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Most Memorial Day sales are about saving you money. With Swagbucks, you'll earn money too! Right now, they are offering increased cash back (in the form of SB points) at several of your favorite merchants. If you haven't heard of Swagbucks, when you shop there you get cash back in the form of SB points for every dollar you spend. Then you redeem those points for gift cards to places like Amazon, PayPal, Starbucks, Walmart, Target, and more! Plus, if you've signed up through my links HERE, at some point this month (or do it now), you'll get a $2 (200 SB) bonus added to your account when you spend $25 or more through Swagbucks Shop before the first of June! You can earn SB in all sorts of ways, including discovering deals and trying new products/services, watching videos, taking surveys, or just searching the web! Get your shopping done early AND get points for it! Offers last through Monday, May 29th, 2017. See all the sales and bonus SB points at Swagbucks.com HERE. New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. Look below for a bonus sign up code! How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Just this week, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. This post contains affiliate links and I appreciate your using them! More On This IMAGE: Memorial Day Sales through Swagbucks 1 Swagbucks Memorial Day Sale Swagbucks.com website Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Free Credit Score - No Card Required! Save 50% Off Your Pella Windows Installation PLUS 0% APR for 36-Months UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel The 'as low as" rate is at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) Myrtle Beach Specials - Book Now & Save 2 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments 2 Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Faye Prosser -WRAL Smart Shopper May 26, 1:47 p.m. ascherer - you are welcome!! QUOTE Report as abuse ascherer May 26, 1:32 p.m. Faye - Thanks QUOTE Report as abuse Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Coast Guard searching for person after paddle board, hat wash ashore News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast News WRAL Late News Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Coast Guard searching for person after paddle board, hat wash ashore News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast News WRAL Late News Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Close Navigation Home Topics What's On? Weather   -   Interactive Radar   -   Road Conditions   -   Ski Report   -   SkyCams   -   Weather Kids   -   Weather Photos   -   Severe Weather Awareness Week Sports   -   Big Buck   -   Big Fish   -   Fish & Game Forecast   -   Golf Classic   -   Hello, My Name Is   -   Hilight Zone   -   Local Scores   -   National Scores   -   UPick’Em Birthday Club Station   -   Contact Us   -   Jobs at WSAW   -   Order a Copy of a Story or Newscast That Aired on NewsChannel 7   -   Sales   -   Triple 7 Productions 7 Investigates   -   Submit a News Tip Recalls Community   -   Birthday Club   -   Gas Prices   -   Obituaries Honor Flight Subscribe   -   E-News   -   Push Alerts Livestream 2 Closings Fox Wausau MomsEveryday Local X Submit Photos and Videos Features Buddy Check 7 Pet Project Share Your Holidays Your Town Marshfield Your Town Wisconsin Rapids Close Navigation Topics Close Navigation Back Agriculture Birthday Club Community Consumer Entertainment Health High School International Local Money & Finance National National Sports NFL Offbeat Politics Regional Science State State Legislature Sunrise 7 Technology Weather Weather Videos Your Town 67°F Clear 80° 52° Wausau, WI Toggle navigation Clear 67°F News Weather Sports Community What's On? Home Local Article FBI assisting Medford PD following unfounded bomb threat phone call By Anthony Bruno |  Posted: Thu 3:30 PM, Jun 01, 2017 MEDFORD, Wis. (WSAW) -- The Medford Police Department is working to identify the origin and identity of a caller who called in a bomb threat to the Medford Walmart last week. Chief Bryan Carey of the Medford Police Department tells NewsChannel 7, that the FBI is now assisting in the investigation. According to a press release, the Taylor County Dispatch Center received a 911 call at 2:56 p.m. on Friday from the Walmart store in Medford, reporting that they had received a bomb threat. An employee reported they received a phone call from an unknown male, who said he overheard a conversation earlier in the day that a bomb was planted by the lake near Walmart. Law enforcement and fire personnel were dispatched to the scene and the store was evacuated. After a search of the interior and exterior of the store, it was determined that there was no credible threat and the store was turned back over to management. Medford Police Department received assistance from the Medford Fire Department, Taylor County Sheriff’s Office, Wisconsin DNR and the Taylor County Ambulance during the incident.. Kayla Berg disappearance to air Sunday on Investigation Discovery Central Wisconsin Water Walkers celebrate 20 years Annual June Dairy Breakfast Mobile motorcycle safety training facility visits Rothschild Northwoods boaters dealing with statewide mechanic shortage Kayla Berg disappearance to air Sunday on Investigation Discovery Kayla Berg disappearance to air Sunday on Investigation Discovery Central Wisconsin Water Walkers celebrate 20 years Annual June Dairy Breakfast Mobile motorcycle safety training facility visits Rothschild Northwoods boaters dealing with statewide mechanic shortage   News Weather Interactive Radar Road Conditions Ski Report SkyCams Weather Kids Weather Photos Severe Weather Awareness Week Sports Big Buck Big Fish Fish & Game Forecast Golf Classic Hello, My Name Is Hilight Zone Local Scores National Scores UPick’Em Birthday Club Station Contact Us Jobs at WSAW Order a Copy of a Story or Newscast That Aired on NewsChannel 7 Sales Triple 7 Productions 7 Investigates Submit a News Tip Terms of Use Privacy Policy/YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Advertising EEO Statement Public Inspection File Copyright © 2002-2017 - Designed by Gray Digital Media - Powered by Clickability wsaw.com/a?a=424696724 × Online Public Information File Click Here to access the online Public Inspection File Viewers with disabilities can get assistance accessing this station's FCC Public Inspection File by contacting the station with the information listed below. Questions or concerns relating to the accessibility of the FCC's online public file system should be directed to the FCC at 888-225-5322, 888-835-5322 (TTY), or fccinfo@fcc.gov. Public File Liaison: Jane Ploeger jane.ploeger@wsaw.com Station Contact Info: WSAW-TV 1114 Grand Ave. Wausau, WI 54403 Close
Toggle navigation Entertainment All Entertainment TV Movies Covers Music Sports Cars Newsletter Culture All Culture Fashion Beauty Travel Food Education Cocktail & Beer News All News Business Politics Health Real Estate Criminal Behavior Obituaries Publisher's Blog Promotions Videos Videos Photos × Search Shame On You Woman locks kids in the trunk to go shopping, police say By Terry Shropshire  |  May 28, 2017 1:28 PM EST  |  10 Tori Lee Castillo (Courtesy of the Weber County Sheriffs Department) A woman in Utah has been arrested for committing alleged child abuse after witnesses reported to police that she locked her two kids in her car’s trunk at a Walmart parking lot to go shopping. Tori Lee Castillo, 39, was arrested in a suspected case of child abuse, the Associated Press reports, citing the Riverdale Police Department. Eyewitnesses told officers that the woman locked her two children, 2 and 5, in the trunk of her car before going to the local Walmart to shop. The witnesses said they heard the kids scratching and making other noises inside the car. Witnesses said they guided the kids to reach for an emergency latch to free themselves. Police: Utah woman locked her kids in trunk while she shopped https://t.co/c3hKBRu7M4 — Supra1BqTeam (@supra1Bqteam) May 27, 2017 The police were called to the scene and arrested the careless woman on her return to the parking lot. She remains in custody while her children have been taken away by social workers and handed over to a responsible party. The reasons behind the woman’s actions remained unknown. The bizarre incident with a fortunate ending stands out among many similar cases where parents often “forget” their children and lock them inside their cars, but never deliberately put them in the trunk. Besides being a criminal offense in some states, locking children in cars is potentially fatal, as they can suffocate or die of heat stroke if the vehicle is left in the sun. Metro Atlanta residents saw this tragedy play out when a father, Justin Ross Harris, was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole after deliberately locking his 22-month-old son, Cooper, in the family SUV while he worked all day. Cooper Harris died quickly in the 95-degree summer heat (which rose to well over 100 degrees in the locked vehicle). The small boy’s decomposing body was “discovered” by the father as he was driving home. The stench was so bad inside the car that it nearly caused the responding officer to regurgitate. Share this: Tweet More Email Print More on rollingout.com Walmart employees will now deliver online orders to customers’ homes Man impregnates girlfriend’s 10-year-old child after gaining family’s trust Why you should call the manager if you see this racist woman at Walmart   Man locks disabled child in hot car to get back at girlfriend Terry Shropshire I'm a lover of words, pictures, people and The Ohio State Buckeyes. A true journalist from the soul. Follow @RoyalTeeATL AND THEN THERE WAS ONE!!🔥 Am not surprised look at her skin color! SrAgri What a racist comment. One of the stories above is about a black man locking a disabled child in a hot car: http://rollingout.com/2017/05/25/man-locks-disabled-child-hot-car-get-back-girlfriend/ Race has nothing to do with cruelty. However, your immediately latching onto this the woman’s race says a lot about you. Mason Youngblood …coming from a racist with past racist comments in his account that he thinks is private. Hypocrite. SrAgri Really? You and ATTWO above are always making racist comments. I say that criminality is not tied to a person’s race, and I’m the racist?! Mason Youngblood Ooohhh..nooooow you wanna play innocent? Just like a typical racist..come to all the black on black crime stories and name call them apes and bulls#!t like that but turn around and play the fckin victim. I don’t give af how you try to turn this s#!t cause I have all you racist comments from stories and comments to me with your name on them ready to copy paste and post the same sh!t that you are trying to deny. SrAgri “…come to all the black on black crime stories and name call them apes and bulls#!t like that…” That is a bold-faced lie. I have never used racial slurs or called anyone apes or monkeys. You have, but I have never done that. AND THEN THERE WAS ONE!!🔥 Stfh SrAgri “Stfh” I have no idea what that means. At any rate, I seem to have made my point. AND THEN THERE WAS ONE!!🔥 Regurgitation!https://media.tenor.co/images/7e935e55e827d6d40c607f826c14e8bc/tenor.gif AND THEN THERE WAS ONE!!🔥 Makes me ill Most Talked About Woman charged in beating death of alleged front lawn masturbator 13 Why rape in Atlanta doubled after change in definition of the crime 11 Featured Video Major sings his hit song in Chicago 2 days ago Featured Photos Best images from the 10th annual Roots Picnic in Philly 19 hours ago   GoFundMe page started for cop charged in murder of mentally ill Black woman 2 Hot sauce abuse leads to resignations and termination at North Carolina jail 1 Woman charged in beating death of alleged front lawn masturbator 13 Man impregnates girlfriend’s 10-year-old child after gaining family’s trust 8 Fake news story about diarrhea outbreak at strip club goes viral 1 Woman locks kids in the trunk to go shopping, police say 10 Fired female LAPD cop disguised as a man accused of bank robbery 1 Why you should call the manager if you see this racist woman at Walmart   5 Man locks disabled child in hot car to get back at girlfriend 4 Atlanta metro sheriff who exposed himself in park decides his own punishment 1 Child’s porn internet search at school reveals sexual abuse by father 3 Murder suspect’s claim girlfriend choked during oral sex disputed 6 © Rolling Out. Contact Us Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. marketing automation
72.0° My Account Digital Account Print Account Text Alerts Planit Save Account Contact Us Sections Towns Batavia Geneva St. Charles Elburn Sugar Grove More Towns News News Home Local Election Central Get Newsletter Crime and Courts Government Education Local Business Town News and Info Community Dining Police Reports 2017 Election Results Finance Face Time Corrections Sports Sports Home Preps Columns Chicago Steel Kane County Cougars Community Sports Athlete of the Month Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Bears Features A&E Artist Q&A Books Chit Chat Everyday Heroes Features Food & Drink Health Lifestyle Movies Music Mystery Diner Planit Kane Taste of the Town Theater Weekend Life Opinion Opinion Home Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Editorial Cartoons Share Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Campus Report Eagle Scout Engagement Announcement Girl Scout Gold Award recipient Join the Birthday Club Letters to the Editor Local Band Spotlight Neighbors Press Release Service Report Share Photos Sidetracks Press Release Submit an Event Support Group Listings Wedding Announcement Contact Us About Us Advertise Business Showcase Celebrations Contact Coupons Deals Dining e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Fox River Bike Trails Forms Kane County Magazine Public Notices RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Weather More Photos and Lists Obituaries Today's Ads Photo Store Video News Video Live Video Events Planit Kane Pro Football Weekly Election Central Market Place Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Digital Access Access kcchronicle.com from all your digital devices and receive breaking news and updates from around the area. Sign InSubscribe Home Delivery Want to make sure you receive the latest local news? We’ve got you covered! Get the best in local news, sports, community events, with focus on what’s coming up for the weekend. Weekly mail subscription offers Subscribe Text Alerts Choose your news! Select the text alerts you want to receive: breaking news, prep sports, weather, and more. Text alerts are a free service from Kane County Chronicle, but text rates may apply. Sign Up Email Newsletters Sign up for free email alerts. We'll deliver news & updates to your inbox. Sign Up Online Newspaper SectionsSubscribe Local Batavia police reports May 28, 2017 • Silyda Dudley, 21, of the 900 block of North Avenue, Batavia, was cited May 18 for possession of 10 grams or less of marijuana at the Shell gas station, 108 N. Batavia Ave., Batavia, while Angel D. Holland, 20, of the 1000 block of Foran Lane, Aurora, was charged with obstructing identification and driving with a suspended license. • Luke P. Freiburger, 23, of the 1200 block of Crestview Drive, Batavia, was charged May 18 with retail theft at Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • Yolanda DK Sullivan, 30, of the 1800 block of South Fifth Place, St. Charles, was charged May 18 with retail theft less than $300 at Kohl's, 251 N. Randall Road, Batavia, while Velma L. Sullivan, 56, of the same address, was charged with retail theft greater than $300. • Jackelyn P. Harley, 30, of the 2S100 block of Harter Road, Kaneville, was charged May 18 with retail theft less than $300 at Kohl's, 251 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • A burglary to a motor vehicle was reported May 18 in the 1100 block of West Wilson Street, Batavia, listing the loss of $135 in cash, a watch valued at $450 and a radar detector valued at $225. • Steven R. Lapradd, 33, of the 35W300 block of Bonfield Drive, St. Charles, was charged May 19 with retail theft less than $300 at Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • Gary D. Wells, 54, of the 1200 block of Wind Energy Pass, Batavia, was charged May 19 with driving under the influence of alcohol. • Harassment by electronic communication was reported May 20 in the 300 block of Union Avenue, Batavia, involving two unknown people. • Consumption of alcohol by minors was reported May 20 in the 200 block of Bradford Circle, Batavia. Karen M. Gillis, 52, of the 200 block of Bradford Circle, Batavia, was ticketed for an unlawful residential gathering. Three youths were ticketed for unlawful consumption of alcohol: Natalie K. Grinnell, 18, of the 3100 block of Preakness Drive, Aurora; Berke E.R. Bearrick, 19, of the 39W700 block of Carl Sandburg Road, St. Charles; and Meghan M. Razimoff, 19, of the 0-99 block of Jericho Lane, Batavia. • Identity theft was reported May 21 in the 1200 block of Anderson Drive, Batavia, involving an account opened under another person's name. • Three Batavians were ticketed May 22 for possession of 10 grams or less of marijuana and for possession of drug paraphernalia in the 1100 block of Pine Court, Batavia. They are Andrew Armstrong, 18, of the 100 block of Richter Drive; Susanne M. Williams, 28, of the 1200 block of Brandywine Circle; and River D. Snyder, 19, of the 1100 block of Pine Court. • A report of fraud was made May 22 in the 1600 block of Beels Court, Batavia, involving a computer and possible access to personal information. • A report of deceptive practices was made May 22 in the 300 block of Meadowrue Lane, Batavia, involving a phone caller who attempted to obtain money through money cards. • A report of burglary to a motor vehicle was made May 23 in the 200 block of Landfield Road, Batavia, involving two vehicles from which nothing was reported taken. • Fraud was reported May 23 at Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • Fraud was reported May 23 at Menards, 300 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • Robert A. Wagner, 41, of the 500 block of South 13th Avenue, St. Charles, was charged May 23 with domestic battery in the 300 block of Meadowrue Lane, Batavia. Related Links Mill Creek pilot program in Geneva recycles food scraps into compost Batavia chiropractor from Geneva honored for specialized medical care Chop Around the Clock in Batavia to aid Ronald McDonald's Children's Charities WellBatavia, farmers market and 5K to set city in motion Batavia seeks funds for stormwater work The Results are in! See all the Best of the Fox winners here! Click Here AboutContactAdvertiseSubscribe Terms of ServicePrivacy PolicyEditorial Principles About Our AdsPlace a Classified AdCareersCopyright © 2017 Kane County Chronicle. All rights reserved. Published in St. Charles, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. FacebookTwitterCommentsEmailPrintMore Google+RedditPinterestTumblr
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Circulars Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscriber Services Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Circulars Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Human Interest Sand, sea and sunsets aside, 'Mad Beach' just can't relax US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Saudia Arabia, three other nations, cut diplomatic ties with Qatar Late goal gives Rowdies tie vs. Charlotte Warriors go up 2-0 in NBA Finals in coach Steve Kerr's return Dick Greco contemplating a return to Tampa One driver accused of seven hit-and-run crashes across Tampa Bay area News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana National How a 'shadow' universe of charities joined with political warriors to fuel Trump's rise Top News How a 'shadow' universe of charities joined with political warriors to fuel Trump's rise Another backroom deal stokes distrust in Florida's Legislature Kriseman's door-to-door effort targets citizens who have never voted for St. Pete mayor Despite extra dollars for schools, controversial bill remains a concern for many Local projects take hit as Rick Scott vetoes more than $400 million from budget Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Bucs 2017 NFL Draft Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors Rowdies More The Heater Sudden slump raises question: Which version of Rays is real? Golf Auto Racing Storm Rays Opening Day gifs Spring Training Steven Stamkos Jameis Winston Evan Longoria Top News Late goal gives Rowdies tie vs. Charlotte Florida advances to softball World Series final series; USF out, FSU alive in region baseball Sudden slump raises question: Which version of Rays is real? Tom Jones' 2 Cents: NHL needs more Subbans Warriors go up 2-0 in NBA Finals in coach Steve Kerr's return Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2017 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Events Top things to do in Tampa Bay for June 3 Top News St. Petersburg Opera Co. toasts love and art in 'The Tales of Hoffmann' A rained-out Led Zeppelin concert caused a riot at Tampa Stadium 40 years ago today Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Another Trump rant and foolish decision on climate change Top Opinion Editorial: Florida budget deal trades cash for bad policy Editorial: No compelling case for sending more troops to Afghanistan Editorial: An inspiring choice to lead St. Petersburg College Column: Haley Veterans' Hospital committed to being top choice for vets Maxwell: Kennedy Space Center opens new worlds for grandsons Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Worse than the pain? The shame of endometriosis Top News A Visit to Folly Farm in Safety Harbor - Photos by Douglas R. Clifford 'He broke me': A defiant, tearful Kathy Griffin slams attacks by Trump and his family Why 'The Great British Baking Show' is the best thing on Netflix Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test The Buzz From the staff of the Tampa Bay Times Subscribe to RSS Winner and loser of the week in Florida politics Adam C. Smith, Times Political Editor Link View all Articles Sunday, May 28, 2017 6:40am My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged 28 May 0 Comments Winner of the week 1: 'Liquor wall’ proponents. Gov. Rick Scott’s veto of a bill to allow Walmart, Target and other big box stores to sell liquor was a victory for an array of groups, from smaller merchants and Publix (which has stand-alone booze shops near its stores) to those who feel the hard stuff should be harder to access. Bonus: Scott got to stick it to Speaker Corcoran, who supported breaking down the wall and whose brother is a lobbyist for Walmart. Winner II: Florida women. Say goodbye to sales tax on tampons and sanitary napkins, among the package of tax cuts Gov. Scott signed last week. RELATED NEWS/ARCHIVE Why's Pam Bondi raising money? Not to run for office, she says 2 Weeks Ago Winner and loser of the week in Florida politics 3 Months Ago Winner and loser of the week in Florida politics 2 Months Ago Loser of the week 1: John Morgan. The trial lawyer flirting with running for for governor had insisted he led the campaign to legalize medical marijuana for altruistic reasons. But he's now  poised to invest up to $100 million in the industry. For the People? Smells more more like may have been mainly For John Morgan's all along. Loser of the week II: Early voting. Body slamming Montana Congressman-elect Greg Gianforte's election won election last week, his anger eruption over a reporter's policy question coming after most of the votes already had been cast. The incident highlighted the serious downside of casting votes early - as most Floridians now do - before you may have all the information needed to assess a candidate. [Last modified: Saturday, May 27, 2017 8:56am]      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Click here to sign up for our 'Daily Buzz on Florida Politics’ newsletter Get the day’s five most important links in Florida politics in an email from the Tampa Bay Times' political team sent at 3 p.m. Monday through Friday.   Blog Search About the blog For Florida political news today, the Buzz is your can't-miss-it source. Tampa Bay Times writers offer the latest in Florida politics, the Florida Legislature and the Rick Scott administration. Keep in mind: This is a public forum sponsored and maintained by the Tampa Bay Times. When you post comments here, what you say becomes public and could appear in the newspaper. You are not engaging in private communication with candidates or Times staffers. E-mail Times political editor Adam Smith: asmith@tampabay.com Political News More How a 'shadow' universe of charities joined with political warriors to fuel Trump's rise 6/04/17 Guest lineups for the Sunday TV news shows 6/03/17 Paul Manafort, he's a Florida man, too 6/03/17 Another backroom deal stokes distrust in Florida's Legislature 6/03/17 Kriseman's door-to-door effort targets citizens who have never voted for St. Pete mayor 6/03/17 Today's top stats Archives May317 Apr295 Mar325 Feb240 Jan31 Nov95 Oct373 Sep342 Aug360 Jul286 Jun360 Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Photo reprints and licensing Article reprints and licensing Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2017 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May chain store sales to be released June 1 Shutterstock photo What’s Happening Mega retailer Wal-Mart ( WMT ) has traded sharply higher over the last three months, and an upbeat May chain store sales report on June 1 could drive shares even higher. WMT has appreciated 13.6% on the year. Technical Analysis WMT was recently trading at $77.99, down $1.45 from its 12-month high and $12.71 above its 12-month low. Technical indicators for WMT are bullish and the stock is in a strong upwards trend. The stock has recent support above $74.95 and has recent resistance below $79.50. Of the 22 analysts who cover the stock, nine rate it a „strong buy”, 11 rate it a „hold”, and two rate it a „strong sell”. The stock receives S&P Capital IQ’s 5 STARS „Strong Buy” ranking. Analyst’s Thoughts The recent earnings season was mixed for the retail sector, but the stocks that really got hit the hardest are those that have failed to keep pace in the digital age. Brick and mortar retailers that have failed to boost their online sales suffered, as Amazon.com ( AMZN ) continues to shake up the sector and punish traditional retailers. While there were plenty of disappointments, the overall retail picture remains upbeat. Chain store sales represent around 10% of overall retail sales, so they do paint a picture of the overall retail sector. A wide range of retailers will release their May sales numbers, and Wall Street will use these reports to gauge the health of the overall sector as we head into the summer months. Given Wal-Mart’s recent strength and its ability to boost online sales, the stock should continue moving higher as long as there are no significantly negative news in this month’s reports. Stock Only Trade If you’re looking to establish a long stock position in WMT, consider buying the stock under $78.00. Sell if it falls below $70.25 or take profits if it gets to $89.75. Bullish Trade If you want a bullish hedged trade on the stock, consider an August 70/72.50 bull-put credit spread for a 25-cent credit. That’s a potential 11.1% return (48.3% annualized*) and the stock would have to fall 6.7% to cause a problem. Bearish Trade If you are looking for a bearish hedged option trade on WMT, consider an August 82.50/85 bear-call credit spread for a 20-cent credit. That’s a potential 8.7% return (37.8% annualized*) and the stock would have to climb 6.0% to cause a problem. Covered Call Trade To purchase the stock with a lower cost basis, consider a September $80.00 covered call. Buy WMT shares (typically 100 shares, scale as appropriate), while selling the September $80.00 call for a debit of $76.50 per share. The trade has a target assigned return of 4.5%, and a target annualized return of 14.9% (for comparison purposes only). The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. Originally published on InvestorsObserver.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Adolfson & Peterson Construction Breaks Ground with Wiggins Community Next PostNext Ciena Corp. to report second-quarter results June 1 Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Cleveland.com Menu Home News open Politics open Local News open Opinion open Business open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate open Rentals open Videos open Photos open Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds open Find&Save Local Businesses open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists open Courts Nation World Special Reports open Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Know the RX: Opioid addiction resources Remaking The Q Stolen in the Suburbs Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns open Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Bill Livingston Dennis Manoloff Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining open Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Business KeyBank customer is irate that his ATM card can be used without his PIN: Money Matters Posted on May 28, 2017 at 1:00 AM By Teresa Dixon Murray, The Plain Dealer tmurray@plaind.com File photo  Q: I recently found out by accident that the ATM-only card I received from KeyBank can also be used as a debit card. I discovered that two purchases over the last year were deducted from my checking account without my knowledge. For the last purchase, either I or a cashier at Walmart in North Olmsted chose the debit card option for a sale of $14.23 on March 4, 2017. I never entered a PIN. I still have the receipt. I was unaware of this transaction until I went on the KeyBank website and saw the purchase listed as a checking account transaction. I absolutely do not want a debit card of any sort or any credit card linked to my checking account.  I want to unlink this card from my checking account, and I would like to know how to do so.   T.R., North Olmsted   A: We'll put this in the category of You Learn Something New Every Day.   And it's a rather disturbing realization. It appears you were able to use your ATM-only card without your PIN and without a signature for small transactions. I'm a bit stunned. To be clear, an ATM-only card doesn't have a MasterCard or Visa logo, and shouldn't be ale to used without a PIN. After much back and forth with KeyBank, the bank was unclear whether you were using an ATM card, or debit card, or credit card. A credit card would not be linked to your checking account. A debit card would, but you don't have one. Your ATM card would, but would require a PIN.   You insist it was an ATM card that you used without your PIN.   Key spokeswoman Drez Jennings said people who use KeyBank ATM cards -- not a debit card with the MasterCard logo -- can indeed use those cards for point-of-sale transactions totaling up to $500 per day. Normally, consumers would have to enter their PIN, however.   But Jennings added that it's up to merchants -- not the bank -- whether to require a PIN on small point-of-sale transactions, meaning those of $50 or less. This is important.   So in theory, someone could take your ATM-only card or, worse yet, my ATM-only card, and use it at a merchant for small purchases without the PIN and of course without a signature. Just swipe and go.   You said a KeyBank representative also told you your ATM-only card could be used at the point-of-sale for purchases up to $500, with a PIN.   But how about those under $50 transactions? That was a bit of a head-scratcher.   You conducted an experiment. You went to Walmart and made a small purchase using your ATM-only card, without the PIN. "A few days later, the purchase showed up as a debit transaction from my KeyBank online checking account history. I did not need to enter a PIN during the transaction," you said.   I have long known that ATM-only cards could be used at just about any point-of-sale location where there's a PIN pad, so the four-digit PIN can be entered. But it appears that in some cases, an ATM card can be used for small purchases without the PIN, if the merchant doesn't require it for small dollar amounts. This is bad. You said you've stopped carrying your ATM-only card around in your wallet because you're concerned that, if you lose it, anyone who finds it could tap your checking account for bunches of small purchases.   I'm interested in whether anyone else has experienced this, whether you're a customer of Key or another bank: Have you been able to use an ATM-only card (one without a Visa or MasterCard log) for a small purchase without a PIN? Please let me know by emailing me at tmurray@plaind.com or text me at 216-316-7064.   Q: I wanted to give you a heads-up on a new scam. This was passed along by someone else. Here's the story: Wednesday a week ago, I had a phone call from someone saying that he was from some outfit called: "Express Couriers,"(The name could be any courier company) He asked if I was going to be home because there was a package for me that required a signature. The caller said that the delivery would arrive at my home in roughly an hour. Sure enough, about an hour later, a uniformed delivery man turned up with a beautiful basket of flowers and a bottle of wine. I was very surprised since there was no special occasion or holiday, and I certainly didn't expect anything like it. Intrigued, I inquired as to who the sender was. The courier replied, "I don't know, I'm only delivering the package." Apparently, a card was being sent separately... (the card has never arrived!) There was also a consignment note with the gift.   He then went on to explain that because the gift contained alcohol, there was a $3.50 "delivery/ verification charge," providing proof that he had actually delivered the package to an adult (of legal drinking age), and not just left it on the doorstep where it could be stolen or taken by anyone, especially a minor.   This sounded logical and I offered to pay him cash. He then said that the delivery company required payment to be by credit or debit card only, so that everything is properly accounted for, and this would help in keeping a legal record of the transaction.   He added couriers don't carry cash to avoid loss or likely targets for robbery.   My husband, who by this time was standing beside me, pulled out his debit card, and the "delivery man" asked him to swipe the card on a small mobile card machine with a small screen and keypad. My husband was asked to enter his PIN number and a receipt was printed out. He was given a copy of the transaction.  The guy said everything was in order, and wished us good day. To our horrible surprise, between Thursday and the following Monday,  $4,000 had been charged/withdrawn from our account at various ATM machines.  Apparently the "mobile credit card machine," which the deliveryman carried had all the info necessary to create a "dummy" card with all our card details including the PIN number.   Upon finding out about the illegal transactions on our card, we immediately notified the bank, which issued us a new card. We also went to the police, where it was confirmed that it is definitely a scam because several households had been similarly hit. Tim Dimoff, SACS Consulting & Investigative Services, Akron A: I almost thought this was an urban legend or old wives' tale, just because I couldn't imagine someone providing this type of information to a stranger, to pay for a shipment that hadn't been ordered and the sender was unknown.   But lo and behold, a little research indicates this scam surfaced about 10 years ago, and apparently it's back. Ugh. So, don't accept surprise shipments or gifts, especially if you're expected to pay something for them. And don't give out financial information to strangers. Ever.   View Comments About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search 24 hour Dorman At Liberty by Adam Sullivan Exact change by Lynda Waddington Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Trace Pickering, pioneer in learner-centered education, to keynote K-12 education track LEARN MORE Submit a Letter more Ask & Answer Most Popular Most Recent Time Machine: Matsell’s Castle Farm News Track: Fatal Coggon shooting Pianist presents ‘unprecedented’ gift for Orchestra Iowa Another tryout camp in the books for C.R. RoughRiders Sewing smiles: Williamsburg group makes sock monkeys for pediatric patients At Cosby trial, a constellation of race, celebrity, power and gender converges Another tryout camp in the books for C.R. RoughRiders Putin calls U.S. election-meddling charge a ‘load of nonsense’ in Kelly interview For Iowa teens and summer jobs, now may be the time Hamilton, Blankenhorn go deep, Kernels sting Bees, 11-6 CR Transit changes nearly here Video Photo Buses are reflected in the windows of the Ground Transportation Center on Monday, Dec. 2, 2013, in Cedar Rapids. (Liz Martin/The Gazette) Lynda Waddington The Gazette More stories from Lynda May 26, 2017 at 11:37 am | Print View Proposed changes to Cedar Rapids Transit passed their first public hearing hurdle this week. The upcoming changes are a result of recommendations from the 2016 Corridor Metropolitan Planning Organization (MPO) transit study, as well as current fiscal reality. In short, most transit riders will see improvements, but not a much wanted broader expansion of service. What’s included? Glad you asked. • Alternative Transfer Locations (aka Mini-Hubs) — Riders are going to see more crossover of routes, which will allow transfers to more easily take place outside of the ground transportation center in downtown Cedar Rapids. These will be located at Lindale and Westdale malls, and at the east and west side Wal-Mart stores. • Circulators — Looping routes will be implemented for Marion (Route 20) and the northeast side/Hiawatha (Route 30), making it easier for residents of those areas to run local errands. The circulators will connect with other routes through the Lindale Mall mini-hub and, for Route 30, the Wal-Mart on Blairs Ferry Rd. • Frequency Increases — Buses on heavily used Route 5, which travels First Avenue between the GTC and Lindale, will arrive every 15 minutes. The two circulators begin with one-hour frequencies. • Peak Service — Several Cedar Rapids high schools will benefit from higher bus frequency during peak hours. • Stagnant Fares & Taxes — There will be no fare or Cedar Rapids tax levy increases, and Saturday transit service remains free. • Route Efficiencies — Infrequently used bus stops are eliminated or combined, and widespread rerouting will take place. For instance, routes 2 and 9 are being combined, while routes 4 and 6 will connect at the Wal-Mart. There are multiple other changes, most minor. A complete list with maps and frequencies is on the City of Cedar Rapids website. Not (yet) included are a handful of more costly changes many transit riders want: • Sunday Service • Expanded Footprint • Express Service (to Downtown Cedar Rapids) • Night Service That last bullet point was the most requested system enhancement from those who participated in the transit survey. It’s also my biggest complaint about local bus service. To understand why, consider Tuesday’s public hearing on these proposed changes. The hearing began after local service ended for the day. So, the people most impacted by the changes were effectively cut out of the process unless they could arrange alternate transportation. Any way you slice it, that’s unfair. The good news is that CR Transit Manager Brad DeBrower is aware and exploring options. He told Cedar Rapids Council members to expect to hear from him again next year, when he hopes to present options for expanded transit hours. After the hearing he told me work being done now, specifically fleet and other equipment updates, could help pave the way to night service. So, who wants to ride the buses with me after the route changes are implemented? • Comments: @LyndaIowa, (319) 339-3144, lynda.waddington@thegazette.com Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps More stories from Lynda Waddington Resignation can’t stymie DHS probe Two of three teens the state pledged to protect were plac ... Affordable housing tour offers necessary spotlight Work on a project for months, put your heart and soul int ... CR Transit changes nearly here Proposed changes to Cedar Rapids Transit passed their fir ... Your next Exact change by Lynda Waddington articles Iowa winnowing of health care begins Keep it honest, take it personally A Mother's Day question: Do we really va ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Comments Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Home Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Community Announcements Weather Sports US/World National World Politics Live Better Comics/Puzzles East Idaho Newsmakers Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Good Question Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky Weather Sponsor Have a great story? Send a tip! 208-528-NEWS Weather Sponsored By Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Community Announcements Weather Sports US/World Idaho Utah Wyoming Montana National World Politics Live Better Comics/Puzzles East Idaho Newsmakers Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Living the Wild Life Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Good Question Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky Utah woman arrested after allegedly locking kids in trunk while shopping Utah 0  Updated at 9:20 am, May 27th, 2017 By: Yvette Cruz, KSL.com Share This Story We Matched Tori Lee Castillo | KSL.com RIVERDALE, Utah — A woman was arrested after locking her two children in the trunk of her car in a Wal-Mart parking lot Thursday, Riverdale police said. Police officers were dispatched to a Wal-Mart at 4848 900 West in Riverdale after a witness called 911 claiming to have seen Tori Lee Castillo, 39, leave the children in the trunk, according to Riverdale Police Lt. Casey Warren. Police said the children, ages 2 and 5 years old, began making noise and moving frantically, causing the vehicle to shake. Warren said several good Samaritans in the lot noticed and helped the children by telling the 5-year-old girl to pull the emergency latch in the trunk to escape. Police contacted Child and Family Services and the children were turned over to a responsible party, Warren said. Once Castillo returned to the car, she was interviewed by police and booked into Weber County Jail for investigation of child abuse. This article was originally published by KSL.com. It is used here with permission. NEVER MISS A STORY! CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FREE EASTIDAHONEWS.COM APP Managing Editor Visit Stories Stories You May Be Interested In: Rexburg man charged with felony sex crimes against two girls 2 Jun 2017 Stephan Rockefeller, EastIdahoNews.com Stepfather accused of duct taping children’s mouths and hands 31 May 2017 Stephan Rockefeller, EastIdahoNews.com Woman charged after she allegedly crashed her car into a home, ran away 2 Jun 2017 Stephan Rockefeller, EastIdahoNews.com Search and rescue crews locate body of Utah 4-year-old near Provo River 30 May 2017 Faith Heaton Jolley, KSL.com Images in the news Related Stories   Oklahoma man shoots, kills neighbor who was trying to drown twin babies Utah home was one of the largest fentanyl operations in the U.S. Local camp helps kids whose parents are diagnosed with cancer Police tape: Former Canadian nurse confessed to killing ‘mean’ patients Idaho Falls Temple rededicated after 2 year closure Nampa teen breathes on his own and walks after double lung transplant Have a tip? We want to hear it!Local news comes from local people! Tell us what’s going on in your area! Send a tip ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE WITH US JOBS OUR TEAM OUR ETHICS OUR PARTNERS TERMS OF USE COPYRIGHT CLAIM PROCEDURE PRIVACY STATEMENT © 2017, EastIdahoNews.com
Blackhawk Up Home Videos About News Editorials History Rockford IcehogsRockford Icehogs Prospects Rumors Schedule Shop MoreMore Write for us Tickets Facebook Twitter May 25, 2017; Pittsburgh, PA, USA; Ottawa Senators goalie Craig Anderson (41) and defenseman Marc Methot (3) react to the game winning goal by Pittsburgh Penguins left wing Chris Kunitz (not pictured) in the second overtime in game seven of the Eastern Conference Final of the 2017 Stanley Cup Playoffs at the PPG PAINTS Arena. Mandatory Credit: Charles LeClaire-USA TODAY Sports Stanley Cup Final’s Conn Smythe Odds For Penguins, Predators by Colin Likas Chicago Blackhawks’ Marcus Kruger Celebrates His Golden Birthday by Gail Kauchak Chicago Blackhawks News Chicago Blackhawks Morning Links- UnSenSational Final by Keith Schultz1 week agoFollow @Oakforest72 Tweet Share x GPlus Pin Comment Good morning Chicago Blackhawks fans! As promised I have arrived in the wonderful world of Wal-mart errr Bentonville Arkansas for my sons wedding, and now we can talk about the Stanley Cup Final. Let’s be honest, I was hoping for an Ottawa Senators vs Nashville Predators Final with the Penguins losing in overtime of Game #7 of the Conference Finals just like the Hawks did back in 2014.  I really thought it was going to happen when the Senators tied it up a second time late in the third period when they could have folded on the road giving up a late third period goal. Of course as we know the Penguins scored in double overtime which means NBC gets the better of the two matchups of course with Sidney Crosby and Evgeni Malkin among the headliners. I guess I will root for the Preds solely based on the fact I don’t want the Penguins to repeat since the Hawks weren’t able too, plus I think it will make the Hawks vs Preds rivalry that much better for years to come. More from Chicago Blackhawks News 6/4 - Chicago Blackhawks Morning Links- We Have A Series 6/3 - Chicago Blackhawks Morning Links- Will We Get A Series 6/2 - Chicago Blackhawks Morning Links- Final Flashback 6/1 - Chicago Blackhawks Morning Links- Hello June 5/31 - Chicago Blackhawks Talking Deal With Vegas Golden Knights Granted I don’t want either team to win, but this should be a pretty good series with the Preds the underdog with Ryan Johansen out for the rest of the playoffs. What do you think? Who will you be rooting for in the Final? Here are some morning links to start your weekend. More from Blackhawk Up Chicago Blackhawks’ Offensive Preparation For 2017-18 Season6h ago Chicago Blackhawks Morning Links- We Have A Series12h ago Chicago Blackhawks’ In-House Defenseman Options For The Future1 d ago Chicago Blackhawks Morning Links- Will We Get A Series1 d ago Chicago Blackhawks Morning Links- Final Flashback2d ago Soup and Sandwich was the obvious choice for best feature of the year (Blackhawks) Why did this fan become a Chicago Blackhawks fan (Second City) The Blackhawks are reportedly in the mix for another player from Europe (Committed Indians) For the second straight year a first round exit was a wake up call (CSN) John Hayden leaves Yale with a degree and much more (Athletic) A look at Mikael Granlund‘s breakout season in Minnesota (Gone Puck Wild) The Pittsburgh Penguins march to the Finals was filled with plenty of challenges (Pro Hockey Talk) Next: What About The Blackhawks Centerman? The eulogy of the Ottawa Senators (Puck Daddy)     Load Comments Top Stories Blackhawk Up 1 w agoChicago Blackhawks Sign Michal Kempny To A One Year Extension Sports Illustrated Extra Mustard 3w agoPatrick Kane gives up first-class seat to soldier Blackhawk Up 1 w agoChicago Blackhawks’ Marcus Kruger Celebrates His Golden Birthday Blackhawk Up 1 w agoChicago Blackhawks Morning Links- UnSenSational Final Newsletter Featured Products Amazon $14.95Hawks Dynasty: The Chicago Blackhawks' Run to the 20... Amazon $38.00NHL Chicago Blackhawks Men's '47 Basic Scrum Te... Amazon $24.99NHL Men's Chicago Blackhawks Sweatpants (Medium) Your Chicago Blackhawks. Your inbox. Every Day. Build your own custom daily newsletter with updates on your favorite teams, sent directly to your inbox. Your privacy is safe with us. We’ll never pass along your email address to spammers, scammers, or the like. About About Masthead Press Openings Swag Stay Connected Our 300+ Sites Mobile Apps FanSided Daily Google Newsstand FanSided Deals Contact Technical Support Advertise Writer Application Tips Download our mobile apps Your favorite teams, topics, and players all on your favorite mobile devices. © 2017 FanSided Inc. All Rights Reserved. FanSided NFL More NFL News » More NFL Mocks » View all NFL Sites Topics Fantasy Football NFL Draft 2016 NFL Mock Drafts NFL Scouting Combine NFL Free Agency 2016 NFL Tickets Ranking Starting QBs for Each Team Best NFL Player Born in Every State NBA More NBA News » More NBA Features » View all NBA Sites Topics All NBA Fantasy Basketball NBA Draft NBA Playoffs NBA Free Agency NBA All-Star Weekend NBA Tickets Ranking the last 50 NBA Champions 50 Greatest NBA Duos of All-Time MLB More MLB News » More Fantasy Baseball » View all MLB Sites Topics All MLB Fantasy Baseball MLB Trade Rumors MLB Free Agency Call to the Pen MLB Tickets Best Player on Every MLB Team Top 25 players 25 and under NHL More NHL News » More NHL Playoffs » View all NHL Sites Topics All NHL NHL Playoffs NHL Draft NHL Free Agency NHL Tickets Each NHL Team's Most Likely Future Hall of Famer Power Ranking Current Head Coaches SOCCER More Premier League News » More MLS News » View all SOCCER Sites Topics All Soccer Soccer Tickets Premier League MLS World Cup USMNT Champions League Serie A La Liga Bundesliga We Are Hooligans Playing for 90 30 Greatest Teams in Premier League History CFB More College Football News » More College Football Features » View all CFB Sites Topics SEC BIG 12 BIG TEN ACC PAC 12 CFB Tickets College Football Playoff 50 Best Rivalries of All-Time 30 Greatest CFB Dynasties of All-Time Best CFB Team of All-Time CBB More College Hoops News » More Busting Brackets » View all CBB Sites Topics All CBB News CBB Tickets March Madness Busting Brackets 28 most memorable buzzer beaters in March Madness history MMA More UFC News » More Bellator News » View all 300+ FanSided Sites Topics UFC Bellator MMA Newsletter MMA Tickets Interviews Golf More PGA Tour » More LPGA Tour » View all 300+ FanSided Sites Topics Power Rankings Fantasy Golf The Masters The Open Championship US Open PGA Championship Golf Tickets Top 30 Golf Courses Ranking Augusta National Racing More NASCAR » More IndyCar » View all 300+ FanSided Sites Topics NASCAR IndyCar FormulaOne Racing Newsletter Racing Tickets Top Drivers of All-Time Entertainment More Movie News » More TV News » View all Entertainment Sites Topics Netflix Originals Game of Thrones The Walking Dead Star Wars WWE Hip Hop Late Night TV 60 Best Sitcoms of All-Time Top 50 TV Shows on Netflix Top 50 Movies on Netflix Deals Tickets Apps Daily Email Our Sites Sports Illustrated More SI Top Stories » More Extra Mustard » View all Sports Illustrated Sites Features Magazine MMQB Swim SI Now SI Wire SI Longform Campush Rush The Cauldron 120 Sports Tweet Share Pin GPlus Comment ' Search for: 'Search FanSided Chicago Blackhawks Sign Michal Kempny To A One Year Extension by Keith Schultz Patrick Kane gives up first-class seat to soldier by Extra Mustard Chicago Blackhawks’ Marcus Kruger Celebrates His Golden Birthday by Gail Kauchak NFL NBA MLB NHL SOCCER CFB CBB MMA Golf Racing Entertainment Deals Tickets Apps Daily Email Our Sites Sports Illustrated About/Contact Our 300+ Sites About FanSided Newsletter Contact Us Mobile Apps Story Tipline Openings Privacy Policy Apply Terms of Use Facebook Twitter Google Plus Instagram Youtube iOS App Android App Our 300+ Sites About FanSided Newsletter Contact Us Mobile Apps Story Tipline Openings Privacy Policy Apply Terms of Use Facebook Twitter Google Plus Instagram Youtube iOS App Android App
Blog Advertorial Branding Business CSS Code Demos Comics Contests Deals Design Freebies Funny Giveaway HTML How To Inspiration JavaScript Marketing Mobile News Resources Social Media Sponsored Typography UX Design Usability Web Development WordPress Freebies Deals News Business How You Can Compete Against DIY Site Builders By Daniel Davidson · Posted May. 26, 2017 · Reading time: 6 minutes 272 203 18 How does the little guy compete? How do you win against these giant companies? It’s inevitable right? The big guy always wins. Walmart decimated the Mom & Pops. Home Depot killed the local hardware stores. And now, it’s your turn. Squarespace, and Wix, and Webydo, and a dozen others are winning and putting you out of business. At least, if you and I are honest, sometimes late at night, lying in bed, it sure seems that way, right? Well, it sure did for me. I almost gave up. I know there is a small part of you, maybe a big part, that is concerned with the struggle we have in front of us. Big or small, competition always presents a threat. And DIY sure looks like a big one!   Site Builders Are Taking the Internet by Storm Their ads are everywhere. They have Jeff Bridges, John Malkovich, Jason Statham and a host of other celebrities selling for them. They have multi-million dollar campaigns spread across TV, YouTube, and even radio. I don’t think I can get through 5 minutes online without seeing one of their ads. I know you’re seeing the same thing. On YouTube alone, it seems like every content creator is being sponsored by Squarespace, or every other video is bumpered with a Wix commercial. Create your stunning website today. It’s easy and free! ~Wix FREE! And worse, it’s not like they’re selling the GeoCities of yesteryear. Their sites are “stunning.” They do look good. Don’t hate, and don’t be a snob. There are good looking sites on all these platforms. On top of that, their codebase is no joke. Think I’m wrong? Try running one of their sites through Google PageSpeed Insights or YSlow. They’re pretty hard to beat.   So, How Do You Compete? Want the simple answer? You can’t. At least, not directly. But that’s okay. These DIY solutions are doing you, and your business a favor.   When the Writing is on The Wall, it’s Time to Make a Change I struggled with this “problem” for quite some time. For years actually. Even before these DIY site builders arrived, I struggled with how to stay competitive against all the web design marketplaces that were popping up. I had a healthy amount of work at the time, but I could see the writing on the wall. The industry was changing and my place in it was being threatened. So, I thought, “If you can’t beat them, join them.” So, I started to research theme shops. I could start building themes to sell wholesale too. But, just as quickly as I came up with that idea, it was beaten out of me. There were far too many agencies, teams of people, dedicated to cranking out professional themes. I couldn’t compete with that. And, even if I thought I could, it wouldn’t solve anything. I would have the same problem. Bigger swifter shops doing more for less. So, I struggled with this for years. Hoping that someday I’d figure it out. In the meantime I continued to serve my clients as before. I kept trying to do better and better. All the while, web design was getting cheaper and more accessible. Then, one day, I hit “the” wall. I delivered a redesign and it flopped…hard. I launched a redesigned website for a company. It was a significant overhaul from the previous version. We changed everything. It took months, but when finished, the site looked great. I was proud of it. The company was thrilled. Their sales staff were getting compliments on the phone for weeks. I mean everyone loved it! After a few months, I peeked at the website’s analytics to see how great of a job I had done, and I was shocked. Nothing had changed. Bounce rate, page views, average time on site, and even worse, conversions, they were the same as they’d always been. After months of a redesign, the performance of the website had largely been unaffected. This made no sense! A better looking website was supposed to do better. But it hadn’t done better. It had done nothing at all. So, what was happening? I was lost. So, now, on top of the market threatening my livelihood, I now had an ethical problem on top of it all. How could I continue to sell my design services when I was no longer confident it was going to make a difference? How could I continue to market against all those “soulless” pre-built themes.   Maybe, Cheaper DIY is Just as Good I’m sure you’ve been there, or you’re there right now. It’s the problem any honest web designer is bound to face at some point. If you know what I’m talking about, If you’re feeling lost, like the market has made you obsolete, do not lose hope. There is a bright future for web designers. We’re not going anywhere, we’re not being run out of business, and we’re more needed now than ever before. But, as I’ve discovered, to get there, you have to change your perspective on the market we exist in.   To Win, You Must Know Thyself The marketplace has evolved. Not just for web designers, but for our clients and their customers as well. Meaning, showing up and looking good is no longer good enough. If you are only selling clients on getting a beautiful website with a modern code base, you are going to lose for two big reasons.   One, Web “Design” has Become Commoditized Between marketplaces like Envato, hosted e-commerce solutions like Shopify, and now site builders like Squarespace and Wix, you can get good design anywhere. And, you can get it dirt cheap. Most of it is quality work. Built by teams of talented professionals mastering their product for the masses. Today, if you want to get online with a good looking website, you can do it for the price of a Happy Meal. And you can’t dispute that. At least, not honestly. And besides, your client’s customers, they don’t care about design. Not in the way we’ve conditioned our clients to think they do.   Two, Having a Website is no Longer a Novelty And here’s the beginning of why being a web designer today can be so profitable. If you’ve been around for awhile, you probably remember having to sell clients on the importance of being online. Do you remember those times? If not, try to imagine having to sell your client on the “vision” of why their business needed to go “digital.” It wasn’t a gimmick, it was the nature of the market. If you were online, you were cutting edge. You were the company that customer’s wanted to do business with. Then a few years later, BOOM! CSS came onto the stage and erupted into “Web 2.0” And the market changed again. Everyone was getting online. It was no longer the differentiator, it was expected. Now, you had to LOOK like you knew what you were doing. Your client’s website had to look good if it was going to succeed. And this idea stuck. It stuck because it worked. And it has stuck so well, it’s given birth to the enormous DIY market. It’s the premise behind the business model of these DIY builders. To give everyone cheap and affordable access to good looking websites. And our clients are flocking to them. It’s our own fault. We’ve spent the last decade selling them that all they need to do is look good online. That, all they needed, was a good looking website. Except, we were wrong. The market has changed again and the web design community has missed it…   THIS is How You Can Compete… The market is no longer impressed into making conversions. They’re far too savvy for it. Today, the web is a tool to get things done. To find a solution to our problems as quickly as possible. To succeed online we need to focus on more than design and code. We must focus on the end user. This isn’t just so you can stay in business. It’s so you can TRULY be valuable to your clients. You can give them a website that will sell. You know design and code. That means you know more than the average joe trying to save a few bucks by doing it themselves. Teach them it’s more than cramming sales copy into pre-defined blocks of content inside a pretty theme. Help your clients form a strategy that answers their customers problems. Give your clients a website that focuses on their customers first, not their own business. Ask, “Why is a prospect on their website?”, “How did they get there?”, “What are they hoping to find?” Take that strategy and craft engaging content that is customer-focused. If you’re not comfortable writing, then try to deepen your skill set. Learn how to write conversion optimized content. Or, partner with a professional copywriter. Then, design your client’s website for their customer, around your newly crafted strategic content. Combine their messaging with your knowledge of user-behavior patterns. Use design to elicit pre-defined interactions with the content. Guide the customer to their primary goal. Stop delivering digital brochures as websites. Give your clients a 24/7 salesman that listens and responds to their customer’s needs.   And That’s Your Golden Opportunity Against DIY Site Builders They require the DIY’er to be a marketer, professional copywriter, UX expert, and more. But a roofer, chef, banker, lawyer, doctor, they’re not web professionals. They’re not familiar with how the web works and the psychology of the end user. You are! The DIY site builders are targeting those who don’t know better, those who think just being online with a good looking website is good enough. And again: It’s not! It’s categorically not good enough! You know this.   Start Doing More! Make More Wins! If you help your clients understand it’s about their customers first, then you can build their website around the customer’s end goal. You’ll unlock a gold-mine of opportunity that they could never achieve with any DIY solution. No matter what John Malkovich says. By Daniel Davidson Daniel Davidson is a web designer and marketer who has been developing his skill over the last two decades. He is the founder of By Dan Design Co., a premium web design agency that specializes in web design and conversion optimization. More articles by Daniel Davidson Popular posts This red goes to #FG0000: Wide-Gamut Color with and Cloudinary 10 Essential Rules for UI Design 4 Ways to Use Functional Animation in UI Design 7 UI Choices That Damage UX How You Can Compete Against DIY Site Builders Hot deals 20 Hi-Res 3D Text Mockup Templates - only $19! Ends in - 6 days LAST CHANCE: The Complete Vector Blueprint Kit from The Artifex Forge - only $9! Ends in - 1 day Get 800,000+ Stock Vectors, Photos, Icons and more from StockUnlimited - only $39! Ends in - 1 day EXCLUSIVE! Create Up to 40 Caricatures from 1 Image with CaricatureStudio - only $5! Ends in - 3 days Beautiful Samantha Script Font - only $17! Ends in - 3 days Sponsors Hot deals Sci-Fi Bundle: Space Fonts, Backgrounds, Logos, UI Kit - only $17! Beautiful Samantha Script Font - only $17! Lifetime Access to SitePoint Premium (1000s of Developer and Designer Books & Tutorials) - only $44! Fluid Mask 3 - Professional Image Masking Tool - only $49! Featured freebies Free Download: ORIGRAM Font Free Download: Aveline Script Free download: Avatar vector collection Free Download: Honilad Script Aa Join our 986,764 subscribers and get access to the latest tools, freebies, product announcements and much more! Subscribe me Home About Categories Archive Authors Newsletter Advertise Write for us Legal Contact 210,547 612,458 90,777 © 2010-2017 All Rights Reserved Articles Branding Business CSS Code Demos Comics Contests Deals Design Freebies Funny HTML How To Inspiration JavaScript Marketing Mobile News Resources Social Media Sponsored Typography UX Design Usability Web Development WordPress
MENU Home Login Subscription Options CREATE NEW – Home Delivery Subscription MAKE HOME DELIVERY PAYMENT HERE CREATE NEW – Online Only Subscription Contact UFO Store PUZZLES Crosswords Sudoku How to Clear Cache MENU Newspaper E-Newpaper Sunday Comics NEWS Local News Local News Local News Dining Guide Dining Guide Local Business Review Local Business Review Positively Roswell Positively Roswell Vistas Sports Local Sports AP Auto Racing AP Baseball AP Basketball AP Football AP Golf AP Soccer AP Tennis Obituaries In Memory Records Public/Police Public Record Police Blotter Classifieds Listings Local Classifieds Listings Legal Notice Ads Opinion Editorial Editorial Dear Editor Magazines Lifestyles Travel & Dining Guide Screens Magazine Vision Magazine Special Sections AP News News Feed Business Entertainment National News State News World News 1 Username: 1 Police respond following theft of $5 May 26, 2017 • Police Blotter The following reports are from the Roswell Police Department and are available at rpdp2c.org. All people arrested or cited are presumed innocent. Police were dispatched to Walmart in the 4500 block [auth] of North Main Street in response to a burglary call. A $5 bill was stolen from an unlocked vehicle. Arrests and arrest citations Tricia Marie Stafford, 37, of the 1200 block of East Country Club Road, was charged with possession of drug paraphernalia at 11:50 p.m. Thursday in the 400 block of 24th Street. Bronson Lee Clark, 19, of the 500 block of South Spruce, was charged with possession of drug paraphernalia at 9:37 a.m. Monday in the 700 block of West Second Street. Maria Inez Lucero, 58, of the 500 block of South Wyoming Avenue, was charged with possession of marijuana at 12:25 p.m. Monday at her home. Renee Delossantos-Sanchez, 51, of the 700 block of Greenbrier Drive, was charged with possession of controlled substances at 4:53 p.m. Monday in the 3800 block of South Main Street. Michelle Lee Tyler, 35, of the 1100 block of South Missouri Avenue, was charged with possession of drug paraphernalia at 10:05 p.m. Tuesday in the 400 block of East Bland Street. Shaniya Elydia Obryon, 18, of Dexter, was charged with possession of marijuana in the 1500 block of North Union Avenue at 11 p.m. Wednesday. Burglaries Police were dispatched to the 600 block of West Alameda Street at 11:12 p.m. Monday in response to a burglary call. A tablet and support equipment valued at $122 were reported stolen. Police were dispatched to the 1100 block of South Richardson Avenue at 6:34 p.m. Tuesday in response to a burglary call. A bicycle, a propane tank, a Playstation and a lawnmower valued at $520 were reported stolen. Criminal damages Police were dispatched to the 1800 block of Monroe Avenue at 2:36 p.m. Thursday in response to a criminal damage call. A glass door valued at $350 was reported damaged. Police were dispatched to the 200 block of West First Street at 8:53 a.m. Thursday in response to a criminal damage call. A glass door valued at $200 was reported damaged. Police were dispatched to the 1400 block of West Second Street at 8:35 a.m. Tuesday in response to a criminal damage call. A glass door valued at $1,000 was reported damaged. Police were dispatched to the 800 block of North Richardson Avenue at 7:10 a.m. Tuesday in response to a criminal damage call. A rear windshield valued at $250 was reported damaged. Police were dispatched to the 2800 block of North Main Street at 4:41 p.m. Wednesday in response to a criminal damage call. A chain link fence valued at $350 was reported stolen. Police were dispatched to the 300 block of Onyx Street at 2:07 p.m. Wednesday in response to a criminal damage call. A car door and window valued at $450 were reported damaged. Larceny Police were dispatched to the 1700 block of South Main Street at 4:13 p.m. Tuesday in response to a larceny call. A cell phone and clothing valued at $241.87 were reported stolen. Related Posts About the Author: - RDR Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « BLM planning prescribed burn Nation’s oldest civil rights organization is very active in Roswell » Business Review Desert Palms, LLC. Carpet & Tile Cleaning Dining Guide El Toro Bravo Positively Roswell Mildred Swenson celebrates 102 years New Mexico schools look to solve physician shortage June 3, 2017 New Mexico woman sentenced for stealing crime funds June 3, 2017 General: Plane from unit at Cannon AFB dropped massive bomb June 3, 2017 Albuquerque police: 2 dead after shooting in parking lot June 3, 2017 New Mexico seeking info as it updates state railway plan June 3, 2017 New Mexico considering changes to Medicaid program June 2, 2017 New Mexico AD stepping down amid spending scrutiny June 2, 2017 ENMU’s Roswell campus seeks $20 million for capital projects June 2, 2017 Unpaid furlough days not coming for New Mexico employees June 2, 2017 Prosecutors: No charges in shooting at Albuquerque car wash June 2, 2017 © 2017 Roswell Daily Record | Roswell Area News | Proudly sponsoring The Roswell Incident Project since 2016! Web directory script
Sections Deseret NewsUtah Utah Woman arrested after allegedly locking kids in trunk while shopping By Katie McKellar @KatieMcKellar1 Published: May 26, 2017 10:50 p.m. Updated: May 26, 2017 10:53 p.m. 1 Comment 1 of 1 View 1 Item Weber County Jail Tori Lee Castillo, 39, was booked into the Weber County Jail on Thursday, May 26, 2017 for child abuse after police say she locked her two children in the trunk of her car while she went shopping at a Riverdale Wal-Mart. RIVERDALE, Weber County — A woman was arrested Thursday after police say she locked her two children in the trunk of her car while she shopped at Wal-Mart. Riverdale police Lt. Casey Warren said police were dispatched to the Riverdale Wal-Mart after a witness called police, claiming to see a woman lock two children in her car before she left to go shopping. 1 comment on this story The children, ages 2 and 5, began making noise and moving frantically, causing the vehicle to shake, Warren said. "Several good Samaritans observed this and came to the aid of the children," Warren said. They instructed the 5-year-old girl to pull the emergency latch in the trunk to escape, Warren said. Child and Family Services was contacted and the children were turned over to a responsible party, Warren said. Once the children's mother returned, she was interviewed by police before being booked into the Weber County jail for child abuse, Warren said. Katie McKellar @KatieMcKellar1 kmckellar@deseretnews.com Like that? Read this. Utah 23 hours ago Photos: High school rodeo finals wrap up Saturday in Heber City Utah yesterday Causes of 80 percent of birth defects are unknown, U. study says Sponsored by JEA Senior Living 9 differences between Alzheimer's and normal aging Podcasts The Deseret News Silicon Slopes Hour An in-depth look inside Utah's growing startup and tech community. Rise & Shout The best in conversation about BYU sports. Fan talk, analysis and complete nonsense. BLEEP: The Podcast A celebration and discussion of all things geek. All awesome, all clean. The PopuList 1 10 of the most unusual laws in Utah 2 Book review: Utah extreme skier writes on making friends with fear 3 Hope, happiness prevail in big-screen retelling of West Haven girl's life 4 Teen boy dead in West Valley City shooting 5 Draper prison inmates crochet 150 intricate blankets for Utah veterans View all for Utah most Commented 76 Utah reactions to Paris climate change departure mixed 63 Pulling out of climate accord depresses USU professor, elates Utah's senators 44 Mitt Romney, Squatty Potty respond to Kathy Griffin's 'beheaded Trump' gag 30 Park City to pay new teachers $50,700 a year plus benefits 29 'Special problems here:' Hatch talks Utah's dire suicide rate, lauds state hotline 27 Double-decker I-15? Better growth planning could prevent that, lawmaker says 26 Initiative to raise taxes to fund education kicks off next week 22 No 'Trump bashing' expected at Romney's fifth Deer Valley political retreat Sunday, June, 4, 2017 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Access e-Edition Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Podcasts Columns Quizzes Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Contact Us About Us Careers Copyright © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix DFW CW33 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW33 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Eye Opener HomeBless Life CW Community Watch CW33 Contact Weather 73° 73° Low 68° High 86° Mon 70° 83° Tue 68° 90° Wed 67° 88° See complete forecast Severe weather alert ‘Black b*tch’: North Texas police chief under investigation after controversial arrest Posted 6:57 pm, May 26, 2017, by Rachael Sneed Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email COMMERCE, TX – The winner of Miss Black Texas 2016 says she was harassed, unlawfully arrested, and detained by a North Texas police chief. If that’s not bad enough, she also says he called her a “black b*tch.” Carmen Ponder, a recent graduate of Texas A&M University, tweeted she experienced “road rage” from the police chief of Commerce, Kerry Crews, on Tuesday. Police brutality and Abuse of Power from a Police Chief. Let me talk to my lawyer and I'll fill y'all in #blacklivesmatter — Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 22, 2017 According to Ponder, she was on her way to Walmart when she encountered a black truck driving erratically in front of her. She says she decided to pass the vehicle to avoid potential danger because she believed the driver to be drunk. She realized the vehicle had followed her after parking her car outside of Walmart. Crews, who allegedly identified himself as police, yelled at her for passing his 14-year-old daughter who was learning how to drive at the time. Ponder reminded Crews that it’s illegal for a 14-year-old to drive, leading Crews to allegedly call Ponder a “black b*tch.” After the confrontation, Ponder entered Walmart, purchased her items, and headed back to her vehicle when Crews, his daughter, and another man confronted her. According to Ponder, the man informed her that Crews was a police chief and suggested that she apologize to him. Ponder refused and called the police. When police arrived on the scene, the man who approached Ponder allegedly told them that she was resisting arrest and instructed police to arrest her. Ponder was arrested and detained for 24 hours. She was charged with evading arrest. She posted her encounter on Twitter: @MeritLaw pic.twitter.com/LeHyS9JwHM — Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 24, 2017 Ponder is calling for her charges to be dropped, Crews to be fired, and disciplinary action for other involved officers. Commerce police released a statement on Thursday, claiming Ponder’s statements do not match  Crews’. It seems we have a classic “he said, she said” situation on our hands. Related stories A white cop is suing for racial discrimination, after he found out he’s part African Sandra Bland Act gets approved version from Texas Senate ‘Time for a tree and a rope’: Texas judge must undergo sensitivity training after Facebook comment Filed in: NewsFix Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Download the CW33 News App! Get your fix! Download the CW33 NewsFix App for iOS and Android! Popular 1000 acres of action: DFW’s newest attraction opens in Midlothian Teen hit and killed crossing I-20 in Grand Prairie Widow of slain Dallas police officer sues to keep video of husband’s death private 3 dead after shootout at Greenville car dealership Latest News Woman stays of church roof until she raises 150K lbs. of food donations Ariana visits her injured fans at Manchester hospital Bill Maher had the nerve to use the N-word on his show! Terror in London: 12 arrested, at least 7 killed in attacks National/World News Woman charged after listing boy, 14, as father of her unborn child National/World News ‘Help me! I’m going to die’: 16-year-old girl accused of killing Uber driver with knife, machete National/World News Mother abandons 2-year-old in busy grocery store NewsFix Denison teen lied about black men kidnapping, gang raping her National/World News 11-year-old girl revived with Narcan after heroin overdose, police say National/World News Father killed after fight between boys at kindergarten graduation party escalates NewsFix Search for Cleveland suspect in Facebook murder video expands to 5 states National/World News ‘I don’t want to go to jail, mommy’: 8-year-old found steering car for drunk mom, police say Eye Opener Fort Worth girl killed in hit & run, search for second car continues NewsFix Missing Irving mother found safe in South Texas Eye Opener Dallas woman killed in hit and run National/World News Girl dives from truck after being kidnapped, sexually assaulted and injected with meth National/World News Mom accused of beating 71-year-old with own cane for suggesting son needs manners Mobile Apps CW33 Weather App for iPhone CW33 Weather App for iPad CW33 Weather App for Android NewsFix DFW App for iPhone NewsFix DFW App for Android Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 8001 John W. Carpenter Freeway Dallas, Texas 75247 • Copyright © 2017, KDAF • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Breaking News U.S.+ Crime + JusticeEnergy + EnvironmentExtreme WeatherSpace + Science U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentTechStyleTravelSportsVideoVRLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica State Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z CNNVR How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram What should you do if you witness a racist or Islamophobic tirade? By Holly Yan, CNN Updated 4:33 AM ET, Mon May 29, 2017 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. JUST WATCHED Rise of racist rants caught on camera Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH (15 Videos) Rise of racist rants caught on camera Noose accusation rocks high school Concerns grow over racist incidents on campus Racist rant inside Walmart goes viral Teacher fired for racist comments Student, teacher argue over N-word Man yells at stranger for speaking Spanish Woman yells racial slurs at shoppers Michelle Obama called 'ape in heels' Kansas State student posts 'blackface' photo Azealia Banks' racist Twitter rant at Zayn Malik Old Navy attacked for interracial ad Secret Service investigating Trump's longtime butler Racist photo in decor at a popular chain restaurant Hulk Hogan heard saying the n-word on tape Story highlights Three men were stabbed, two fatally, when trying to intervene on a Portland train A security expert gives tips to consider before deciding whether to intervene (CNN)It's an instinct that comes naturally to good Samaritans: When you see one stranger attacking another with racist or religious epithets, you try to protect the victim. But when two men did exactly that on a Portland train, they were stabbed to death. So what is a bystander to do? Should you confront the attacker and try to de-escalate the situation? Or should you avoid getting involved? "This is a profound dilemma for the general public," said Andrew J. Scott, a retired police chief and president of AJS Consulting. There is no easy answer for every situation. But here are how a few recent cases have turned out, and what Scott recommends you consider if you do decide to intervene: Read More The triple stabbing in Portland Rick Best, Taliesin Myrddin Namkai Meche and Micah Fletcher saw two girls being berated on a Portland light rail train. They didn't sit still. These 3 men stood up to hate in Portland A man was confronting the two teens -- including one who was wearing a hijab -- and started spouting "hate speech toward a variety of ethnicities and religions," Portland Police Sgt. Pete Simpson said. "He told us to go back to Saudi Arabia and he told us we shouldn't be here, to get out of his country," Destinee Mangum, 16, told CNN affiliate KPTV of the experience. When the trio of men tried to calm the suspect, all three were stabbed. Best and Meche died; Fletcher was stabbed 1 millimeter away from his jugular. Scott said it's likely difficult, if not impossible, for those good Samaritans to have predicted the the assailant would try to kill them. "In this society, we're raised to not allow bullies to engage in racist behavior and to intervene verbally," Scott said. "Bullies tend to back down when verbally challenged." But with the Portland incident, "Clearly this is not the case," Scott said. "(The assailant) is a sociopath or a psychopath, and it's not the norm." The more peaceful endings There are many more cases that don't end in violence. What to make of these viral racist tirades? On May 22, a woman at an Arkansas Walmart told another customer to "go back to Mexico." When a black customer told the woman to stop being ignorant, the woman started calling her the N-word. Walmart later asked the woman to stop shopping at its stores. What to make of these viral racist tirades? Sometimes, the interventions lead to praise and reward. In March, Tracey Tong confronted a woman on a New York subway who was berating another passenger she believed was Muslim. "Why are you here? Why are you in this country?" the woman asked. "You're not with us." Tong fired back at the instigator. "Don't start attacking an innocent woman," she said. "... I'm not telling you to be quiet. I'm asking you to please respect her." The video was shared on Facebook more than 20,000 times, and Tong was invited on "The Ellen Degeneres" show, where she received a $10,000 reward. So what should you do? Scott, who worked in law enforcement for three decades, said ultimately the decision on whether to intervene is a highly personal one. How to stand up against hate But if you do want to act, Scott suggests considering the following: -- Is the perpetrator much larger than you? -- Does he or she appear to be intoxicated or mentally unstable? -- If things get ugly, is there an easy escape route? Or are you stuck in a confined area? If you still decide to intervene, "Understand it's a fluid situation that can go from bad to worse," Scott said. "That's another dilemma that the public faces to help their fellow man or person ... these are the types of things that are occurring in a split second, and people have to make split-second decisions." CNN's Darran Simon and Melissa Gray contributed to this report. Content by LendingTree Mortgage rates just plummeted. Lock in now! Veterans hit the jackpot in 2017 Crush your debt by refinancing to a 15 year fixed loan Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Rates now at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) Do you qualify? Paid Partner Content Consumers rush to jaw-dropping savings rates Bankrate $55 & up: Greater Fort Lauderdale summer stays, save 30% Travelzoo Mark Cuban predicts world's first trillionaire The Motley Fool Hidden hotspots in NYC that only locals know Time Lifestyle Buffett reveals big bet on Apple as rumors swirl The Motley Fool Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica State Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z CNNVR How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 8-14: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 8, be alert to flagging and heavy equipment along Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge and grading work.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 8, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) ***Interstate 77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel: Due to tunnel maintenance at I-77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel, anticipate southbound right lane closures from 7 p.m. until 6 a.m. nightly Sunday through Thursday nights.   Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017)   Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: May 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on I-77 this week due to the following maintenance activities: Slope repairs and bridge deck sweeping at various locations in Wythe and Bland counties Mowing between the Wythe County line and the I-77/I-81 overlap in Wythe County.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures due to the following maintenance activities on I-81: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Routes 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon the week of May 8, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Rd) bridge: Due to replacement to the superstructure of the Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Road) bridge over Copper Creek in Russell County, the bridge will be closed to through traffic through early May. Motorists should plan alternate routes while replacement is underway. (Completion: early May 2017) Scott County Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early May 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   ***Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County ***Fiber Optic Install: A project by Nichols Construction to install fiber optic lines via an aerial installation will cause delays on Route 460 in Bluefield Sunday, May 7 between 7 a.m. and 11 a.m. Motorists should be alert to Virginia State Police performing rolling road blocks during the aerial install of the fiber optic lines.   Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)   Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)   Wise County Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: early May 2017)   Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installation in the Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017)   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)     Completed Water line projects: Water line installation work on various routes that connect to Route 63 in Dickenson County have been completed.   Business Route 23 bridge in Pound: Replacement of the Business Route 23 bridge in Pound has been completed.   Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge: Repairs to the Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge in Grayson County have been completed.   Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: The installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 58 and 677 (Watauga Road) and the intersection of Routes 11 and 58 in Abingdon have been completed. Pay close attention at these intersections as motorists become familiar with the new flashing yellow arrow signals.    Azure Lane improvements: Improvements to a one-mile section of Route 676 (Azure Lane) in Washington County have been completed; however, be alert to clean-up work along the roadway the week of May 8.   Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) – bridge replacement: Replacement of the Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) bridge in Lee County has been completed.       (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious May 29 – June 4: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Next PostNext May 1 – 7: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 15 – 21: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 15, be alert to flagging and heavy equipment along Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge and grading work.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 115, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) ***Interstate 77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel: Due to tunnel maintenance at I-77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel, anticipate southbound left lane closures from 7 p.m. until 6 a.m. nightly Sunday through Thursday nights.   Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017)   Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: May 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on I-77 this week due to the following maintenance activities: Slope repairs and bridge deck sweeping at various locations in Wythe and Bland counties Mowing between the Wythe County line and the I-77/I-81 overlap in Wythe County.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures due to the following maintenance activities on I-81: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Route 665 (Power Plant Road): Due to replacement of multiple drainage pipes along Route 665 (Power Plant Road) in Russell County, a portion of the route will be closed Monday, May 15 from 7 a.m. until 6 p.m. between Route 614 (Carterton Road) and Route 628 (Heralds Valley Road).   ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Install: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Route 19 and Wal-mart, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Scott County Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early May 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)   Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)     Wise County ***Route 654 – slide repairs: A section of Route 654 (Banner Mountain Road) in Wise County will be closed through May 19 due to slide repairs. Motorists should pay close attention to signs and message boards about the repairs. (Completion: May 19, 2017)   Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: early May 2017)   Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installation in the Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017)   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)   Completed Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: The installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Route 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon has been completed.  The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Rd) bridge: Replacement to the superstructure of the Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Road) bridge over Copper Creek in Russell County has been completed.   Fiber Optic Install: A project by Nichols Construction to install fiber optic lines via an aerial installation across Route 460 in Bluefield has been completed.    (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious May 29 – June 4: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Next PostNext May 1 – 7: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 1 – 7: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 1, be alert to flagging and heavy equipment along Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge and grading work.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 1, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018)   ***Interstate 77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel: Due to maintenance work at I-77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel, anticipate nightly left lane closures Sunday through Thursday nights the week of May 1.   Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017)   ***Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: May 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on I-77 this week due to bridge and shoulder sweeping in Wythe and Bland counties.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures due to the following maintenance activities on I-81: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017) Dickenson County Water line projects: Due to water line installation work, motorists may experience delays on the following routes that connect to Route 63 (Big Ridge Road): Route 753 (Centennial Heights Road), Route 818 (Patsy Lane), Route 756 (Travis Stanley Road), Route 795 (Ira Owens Lane) and Route 607 (Tarpon Lane). (Completion: Spring 2017)     Grayson County ***Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge: The Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge will be closed to traffic for repairs on Tuesday (April 25) from 9 a.m. until 2 p.m. The bridge is located .30 mile from Route 732 and 3.7 miles from Route 601. (Completion: April 25)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Lee County ***Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) – bridge replacement: The Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) bridge will be closed Wednesday (May 3) from 8 a.m. until 5 p.m. to replace the bridge. While the bridge is being replaced, motorists will use the following routes to detour: Routes 680, 682, 676 and 671.   Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Routes 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon in the next two weeks, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Rd) bridge: Due to replacement to the superstructure of the Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Road) bridge over Copper Creek in Russell County, the bridge will be closed to through traffic through early May. Motorists should plan alternate routes while replacement is underway. (Completion: early May 2017) Scott County Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early May 2017)   ***Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County ***Fiber Optic Install: A project by Nichols Construction to install fiber optic lines via an aerial installation will cause delays on Route 460 in Bluefield Sunday, May 7 between 7 a.m. and 11 a.m. Motorists should be alert to Virginia State Police performing rolling road blocks during the aerial install of the fiber optic lines.   Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) ***Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)   Washington County ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 58 and 677 (Watauga Road) and the intersection of Routes 11 and 58 in Abingdon this week, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Azure Lane improvements: Be alert to heavy equipment and workers along Route 676 (Azure Lane) in Washington County due to efforts to improve a one-mile section on the western end of the route. (Completion: May 2017)     Wise County Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: early May 2017)   Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installation in the Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017)   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)   Business Route 23 bridge in Pound: Traffic signals are controlling one 11-foot-wide lane across the Business Route 23 bridge in Pound due to replacement of the bridge. Signals are also controlling traffic off Route 633 (Bold Camp Road).  Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to the possibility of delays. (Completion: spring 2018)   Completed Route 672 – bridge replacement: A section of Route 672 (Martin’s Creek Road) in Lee County has reopened following replacement of the bridge over Martin Creek.   Route 687 bridge: Replacement of the superstructure for the Route 687 bridge in Scott County has been completed.        (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Process to repair multiple slides on Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) in Buchanan County begins today – To ensure safety during repairs, road will be closed approximately 4 – 6 weeks Next PostNext April 24-30: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Crime Property Culture Royalty Crime Utah mother arrested for 'locking up children in trunk of car while she shopped' The children have been handed over to a 'responsible party' by Child and Family Services. By Nicole Rojas May 29, 2017 00:39 BST A Utah mother left her two children locked in the trunk of her car outside a Wal-MartReuters A woman from Utah, identified as 39-year-old Tori Lee Castillo, has been arrested for allegedly locking her two children in the back of a vehicle while she shopped at Wal-Mart. The children began making noises and moving, causing the vehicle to shake and alerting people. "Several good Samaritans observed this and came to the aid of the children," Riverdale police Lt Casey Warren told Deseret News. Witnesses helped the children, aged two and five, escape from the trunk before their mother returned, police said, after getting the older child to pull the emergency latch. One woman called Heidi who helped the children told Fox13 Salt Lake City that she and her friend were unloading groceries when she heard noises coming from the trunk. "I could hear some kids crying," she said. "I turned to my friend and I'm like 'There's people in this trunk. There's kids in this trunk!" She and three other women began helping the older girl who was screaming in the trunk. "She was [yelling], 'Mom, let me out! Let me out! Mom! Help!' She was screaming, crying," Heidi said. The women then guided the girl to open the trunk with the emergency latch. "Both kids just came out...they just jumped out at us," Heidi said. "It was kind of heartbreaking to see that somebody could do something so cruel," she said. Castillo was arrested by authorities when she returned to her car. According to CBS News, she faces four counts of child abuse with physical injury and one charge of theft. More from IBTimes UK Several injured in Brit tourist hotspot after 'car drove into pedestrians' United Airlines faces lawsuit after falsely accusing gay father of fondling his son Police make 14th arrest over Manchester bombing as probe goes 'full tilt' Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Amateur videos show panic and confusion during London Bridge attack Columnists Iqbal Wahhab “As a Muslim restaurant owner in Borough Market, this attack sickens me READ MORE London Bridge attack – What we know so far Eyewitnesses said they heard the assailants shouting "This is for Allah" while stabbing people with knives. Hero members of the general public who tried to stop terrorists Attackers killed at least seven people and injured nearly 50. Sadiq Khan rejects calls to postpone election Major parties have suspended national campaigning for the day following atrocity. London Bridge attacker had 'twice been reported to police' for extremist views A friend and neighbour both said they had alerted authorities before Saturday's attack. Jeremy Corbyn criticises Tory police cuts but faces fire for 'indecision' on shoot-to-kill The Labour leader said Theresa May wanted to protect the public 'on the cheap'. Fox News host disavows internment after Nigel Farage suggests rounding up Muslims Fellow guest Katie Hopkins also showed her support for internment camps in the wake of the London attack. Housekeeper charged with arson for 'setting fire to Florida condo to hide $160 theft' Jannette Pacheco reportedly confessed as soon as she was confronted. Isis 'claims responsibility' for London attack as first victim is named Canadian woman Christine Archibald was one of the seven people killed. Man in Florida accused of shooting McDonald's manager in the neck over his order 'It is concerning the fact that someone could get that upset over an order.' Colorado woman arrested after three-year-old toddler shoots two-year-old The child was taken to hospital for treatment, where he was listed as stable but in serious condition. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
What should you do if you witness a racist or Islamophobic tirad - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases What should you do if you witness a racist or Islamophobic tirade? Posted: Sunday, May 28, 2017 7:10 PM EDT Updated: Monday, May 29, 2017 4:40 AM EDT By Holly Yan CNN (CNN) -- It's an instinct that comes naturally to good Samaritans: When you see one stranger attacking another with racist or religious epithets, you try to protect the victim. But when two men did exactly that on a Portland train, they were stabbed to death. So what is a bystander to do? Should you confront the attacker and try to de-escalate the situation? Or should you avoid getting involved? "This is a profound dilemma for the general public," said Andrew J. Scott, a retired police chief and president of AJS Consulting. There is no easy answer for every situation. But here are how a few recent cases have turned out, and what Scott recommends you consider if you do decide to intervene: The triple stabbing in Portland Rick Best, Taliesin Myrddin Namkai Meche and Micah Fletcher saw two women being berated on a Portland light rail train. They didn't sit still. A man was confronting the two women -- including one who was wearing a hijab -- and started spouting "hate speech toward a variety of ethnicities and religions," Portland Police Sgt. Pete Simpson said. But when the trio of men tried to calm the suspect, all three were stabbed. Best and Meche died; Fletcher was stabbed 1 millimeter away from his jugular. Scott said it's likely difficult, if not impossible, for those good Samaritans to have predicted the the assailant would try to kill them. "In this society, we're raised to not allow bullies to engage in racist behavior and to intervene verbally," Scott said. "Bullies tend to back down when verbally challenged." But with the Portland incident, "Clearly this is not the case," Scott said. "(The assailant) is a sociopath or a psychopath, and it's not the norm." The more peaceful endings There are many more cases that don't end in violence. On May 22, a woman at an Arkansas Walmart told another customer to "go back to Mexico." When a black customer told the woman to stop being ignorant, the woman started calling her the N-word. Walmart later asked the woman to stop shopping at its stores. Sometimes, the interventions lead to praise and reward. In March, Tracey Tong confronted a woman on a New York subway who was berating another passenger she believed was Muslim. "Why are you here? Why are you in this country?" the woman asked. "You're not with us." Tong fired back at the instigator. "Don't start attacking an innocent woman," she said. "... I'm not telling you to be quiet. I'm asking you to please respect her." The video was shared on Facebook more than 20,000 times, and Tong was invited on "The Ellen Degeneres" show, where she received a $10,000 reward. So what should you do? Scott, who worked in law enforcement for three decades, said ultimately the decision on whether to intervene is a highly personal one. But if you do want to act, Scott suggests considering the following: -- Is the perpetrator much larger than you? -- Does he or she appear to be intoxicated or mentally unstable? -- If things get ugly, is there an easy escape route? Or are you stuck in a confined area? If you still decide to intervene, "Understand it's a fluid situation that can go from bad to worse," Scott said. "That's another dilemma that the public faces to help their fellow man or person ... these are the types of things that are occurring in a split second, and people have to make split-second decisions." CNN's Darran Simon and Melissa Gray contributed to this report. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Breaking News U.S.+ Crime + JusticeEnergy + EnvironmentExtreme WeatherSpace + Science U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentTechStyleTravelSportsVideoVRLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica State Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z CNNVR How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram What should you do if you witness a racist or Islamophobic tirade? By Holly Yan, CNN Updated 4:33 AM ET, Mon May 29, 2017 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. JUST WATCHED Rise of racist rants caught on camera Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH (15 Videos) Rise of racist rants caught on camera Noose accusation rocks high school Concerns grow over racist incidents on campus Racist rant inside Walmart goes viral Teacher fired for racist comments Student, teacher argue over N-word Man yells at stranger for speaking Spanish Woman yells racial slurs at shoppers Michelle Obama called 'ape in heels' Kansas State student posts 'blackface' photo Azealia Banks' racist Twitter rant at Zayn Malik Old Navy attacked for interracial ad Secret Service investigating Trump's longtime butler Racist photo in decor at a popular chain restaurant Hulk Hogan heard saying the n-word on tape Story highlights Three men were stabbed, two fatally, when trying to intervene on a Portland train A security expert gives tips to consider before deciding whether to intervene (CNN)It's an instinct that comes naturally to good Samaritans: When you see one stranger attacking another with racist or religious epithets, you try to protect the victim. But when two men did exactly that on a Portland train, they were stabbed to death. So what is a bystander to do? Should you confront the attacker and try to de-escalate the situation? Or should you avoid getting involved? "This is a profound dilemma for the general public," said Andrew J. Scott, a retired police chief and president of AJS Consulting. There is no easy answer for every situation. But here are how a few recent cases have turned out, and what Scott recommends you consider if you do decide to intervene: Read More The triple stabbing in Portland Rick Best, Taliesin Myrddin Namkai Meche and Micah Fletcher saw two girls being berated on a Portland light rail train. They didn't sit still. These 3 men stood up to hate in Portland A man was confronting the two teens -- including one who was wearing a hijab -- and started spouting "hate speech toward a variety of ethnicities and religions," Portland Police Sgt. Pete Simpson said. "He told us to go back to Saudi Arabia and he told us we shouldn't be here, to get out of his country," Destinee Mangum, 16, told CNN affiliate KPTV of the experience. When the trio of men tried to calm the suspect, all three were stabbed. Best and Meche died; Fletcher was stabbed 1 millimeter away from his jugular. Scott said it's likely difficult, if not impossible, for those good Samaritans to have predicted the the assailant would try to kill them. "In this society, we're raised to not allow bullies to engage in racist behavior and to intervene verbally," Scott said. "Bullies tend to back down when verbally challenged." But with the Portland incident, "Clearly this is not the case," Scott said. "(The assailant) is a sociopath or a psychopath, and it's not the norm." The more peaceful endings There are many more cases that don't end in violence. What to make of these viral racist tirades? On May 22, a woman at an Arkansas Walmart told another customer to "go back to Mexico." When a black customer told the woman to stop being ignorant, the woman started calling her the N-word. Walmart later asked the woman to stop shopping at its stores. What to make of these viral racist tirades? Sometimes, the interventions lead to praise and reward. In March, Tracey Tong confronted a woman on a New York subway who was berating another passenger she believed was Muslim. "Why are you here? Why are you in this country?" the woman asked. "You're not with us." Tong fired back at the instigator. "Don't start attacking an innocent woman," she said. "... I'm not telling you to be quiet. I'm asking you to please respect her." The video was shared on Facebook more than 20,000 times, and Tong was invited on "The Ellen Degeneres" show, where she received a $10,000 reward. So what should you do? Scott, who worked in law enforcement for three decades, said ultimately the decision on whether to intervene is a highly personal one. How to stand up against hate But if you do want to act, Scott suggests considering the following: -- Is the perpetrator much larger than you? -- Does he or she appear to be intoxicated or mentally unstable? -- If things get ugly, is there an easy escape route? Or are you stuck in a confined area? If you still decide to intervene, "Understand it's a fluid situation that can go from bad to worse," Scott said. "That's another dilemma that the public faces to help their fellow man or person ... these are the types of things that are occurring in a split second, and people have to make split-second decisions." CNN's Darran Simon and Melissa Gray contributed to this report. Content by LendingTree Mortgage rates just plummeted. Lock in now! Veterans hit the jackpot in 2017 Crush your debt by refinancing to a 15 year fixed loan Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Rates now at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) Do you qualify? Paid Partner Content Consumers rush to jaw-dropping savings rates Bankrate $55 & up: Greater Fort Lauderdale summer stays, save 30% Travelzoo Mark Cuban predicts world's first trillionaire The Motley Fool Hidden hotspots in NYC that only locals know Time Lifestyle Buffett reveals big bet on Apple as rumors swirl The Motley Fool Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica State Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z CNNVR How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: How Restaurants and Technology Are Coming Together Tech is changing the nature of service at restaurants across the country. Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) May 28, 2017 at 6:25PM Technology has become a major competitive advantage for some of the companies winning in the restaurant industry. In this segment from Industry Focus: Consumer Goods, the team discusses where the employment of things like mobile ordering and automated kiosks makes the most sense. Chipotle (NYSE:CMG) and Starbucks (NASDAQ:SBUX) aim to serve more customers, while a chain like McDonald's (NYSE:MCD) gives us a glimpse of the future. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on May 16, 2017. Vincent Shen: Moving on to our main topic, we have restaurants. Specifically within this space, the role of technology. For any Fools who have been following this sector, you've seen in headlines recently that restaurants have struggled with some low traffic, declining same-store sales from a period of overexpansion, but I was thinking about this in relation to these other industries that I've talked about today, with you and earlier in the studio with Adam, the fact that department stores, on the one hand, and cable companies, they face some existential threats. You have e-commerce on one hand, you have various streaming internet alternatives on the other for cable companies. I think the restaurant industry is interesting because fast-casual might take share from quick service, the broad industry might see weakness due to excessive expansion, like in this case. But in the end, people have to eat, they love eating out. And as a result, I think execution becomes a really clear differentiator between different chains, and there's not as much of an industry boogeyman that you can pin your problems to. But on the flip side, you have the success stories, and some of the big trends I get excited for the restaurant industry include loyalty programs, restaurants trying to source ingredients locally, and also, there's technology. That's where we will focus. I think previously, we spoke about how robots, for example, eliminate the need for human employees all together. But a lot of the technology initiatives that we'll talk about today seem to be previews of how that might work. Dan Kline: I think if you look at some of the technology we're talking about, what you're really focusing on is, restaurant sales overall are down a little bit, 1% or 2%. It's not anywhere near the retail drop. So you're looking here and saying, I'm Chipotle, or McDonald's, or whatever the chain is -- how do I maximize my business? What's worked, and it's worked for Starbucks and Panera, and we've talked about this before, is mobile ordering. I think mobile ordering at Chipotle makes a ton of sense and will be a game changer. When I say game changer, I mean a 2% to 3% net sales gain. It's not suddenly going to explode their business. But if you walk into a Chipotle -- and we've both done this -- and there's 10 people in line ahead of you, you might leave, because it's slow. So what a lot of Chipotles have done is set up a second production line in the store, and if you order from the app, your food will be ready when you get there. And they're having all the same execution problems Starbucks had. The people at the front don't know where the order is, have you paid, how do you handle it, do you pick it up. But all that will get sorted out, that's just growing pains and retail training, which is not an easy thing to do. So I think at your higher-end places like Chipotle that have lines, that's actually going to allow them to serve more customers during peak hours.  At a place like McDonald's, I think ultimately, there's a gain in taking workers out of the equation. But in the short-term, maybe there's some drive-thru benefit to being able to order and pick up, not going through the line. But in a McDonald's, I don't see as big a benefit when most things are not made to order, and it's sort of a production line, of even if you want a pretty special order, it's coming out quickly. So there's not really a major need to cut that. So McDonald's will gain eventually from technology, but in the short-term, I think you're going to see some of your higher-volume fast casual places like Chipotle, as you've seen with Panera, really benefit from this technology. Shen: Yeah. And we're definitely still, I think, in the early stages of the launch and the testing phases for a lot of the companies that are dipping toes into this. There are companies like Domino's, which are turning this into an art for themselves, and really juicing their quarterly results, seeing tons of growth with the technology and how they implemented it really well. With Chipotle, you mentioned the second make line, I think they call it, they're calling it "smarter pickup times". They've been able to quantify some of the benefits in that this better management of their digital orders, they give them more accurate estimates of when orders will be ready. In some of their testing, they mentioned that digital order wait times decreased as much as 50%. Restaurant staff have better tools to essentially manage this channel, like you mentioned, during peak business times. If they have a bottleneck, in terms of those peak hours and how many people they can serve, this can alleviate some of that, then that does flow through to their top and bottom line. Kline: And there's a major customer service benefit. If you call Domino's -- back in the old days when you called Domino's. I'm sure your generation now is Snapchatting Domino's and then paying via Venmo. Shen: Exactly. Kline: But back when you used to call Domino's, if they told you your pizza was going to be an hour, you went, "OK, my pizza will be an hour." If in an hour, your pizza showed up, you were satisfied. So I was talking with you earlier. I use the Pei Wei app. The Pei Wei app is pretty innovative in that you can completely customize any order. If you want sweet and sour chicken with no sweet and sour sauce, hold the chicken, you can do that. And you can put in what time you want to pick it up. I was picking up, it was maybe 5:20, so I put in 5:40, that was the distance from my house. And the app came back and said, "Your time has been adjusted to 5:50." And I went, OK, no problem, I'll leave 10 minutes later versus if I had been at the store, waited in line, placed my order, I would have been there for 30 minutes. So it was an absolute benefit of my time, better customer service, and it will make me much more likely to go back. And I think that's where you're starting to see some of the value in these. Pei Wei is a higher end fast casual concept that can take quite a while in a line. Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. Vincent Shen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Chipotle Mexican Grill and Starbucks. The Motley Fool owns shares of Panera Bread. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info May 28, 2017 at 6:25PM Consumer Goods Stocks McDonald's NYSE:MCD $153.74 up $1.35 (0.89%) Chipotle Mexican Grill NYSE:CMG $478.07 down $-5.53 (-1.14%) Starbucks NASDAQ:SBUX $64.57 up $0.82 (1.29%) Read More How Zynga Inc. Gained 21.8% in May 3 Value Stocks for Smart Investors 3 Dividend Stocks for Daring Investors Why Etsy Inc Stock Jumped 25% Last Month 3 Dividend Stocks for Bold Investors Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current How Restaurants and Technology Are Coming Together @themotleyfool #stocks $MCD, $CMG, $SBUX
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 04, 11:56 PM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe National Memorial Day Sales 2017: 19 Monday Bargains To Save In-Store and Online By Catie Keck @catiekeck On 05/28/17 AT 5:34 PM Close Aside from the many barbecues, events and parades taking place over the course of Memorial Day weekend, shoppers are eagerly looking forward to Monday’s sales for opportunities to save big. According to a report from WalletHub, more than 41 percent of Americans are likely to take advantage of Memorial Day deals — and brands and retailers are rewarding shoppers both online and in stores with massive savings. As International Business Times reported in past years, shoppers can expect to save big in-store at department stores like Kohl's, Nordstrom, Macy’s, J. C. Penney and big box retailers like Walmart and Target. According to a ChargeItSpot study published Wednesday, 76 percent of shoppers at malls across the country who planned to shop on the holiday said they’d opt for brick-and-mortar locations over online shopping.  Read: Memorial Day NYC Events 2017: 6 Fun Things To Do In New York City But online retailers are offering up some excellent deals as well, so shoppers who’re looking to avoid the masses are just as likely to save more than a few bucks. Apparel brands like Ralph Lauren and Eddie Bauer are offering 30 and 40 percent savings, respectively, while tech retailers like Dell and Best Buy will reward customers looking to invest in new gadgets. As Forbes noted Friday, Aritzia, Steven Alan, Uniqlo and Net-A-Porter are all offering weekend discounts as well. Below IBT has rounded up savings from DealsPlus, Coupons.com and a select few others from across the web. But savvy shoppers who know exactly what they’re in the market for should also check their favorite brands and retailers for last-minute for otherwise unadvertised savings online. Below, see some of the best savings for both in-store and online shopping: Amazon : Up to 70 percent off across categories American Eagle : 30 percent off sitewide; extra 60 percent off clearance Art.com : Up to 50 percent off sitewide Bloomingdale’s : Up to 60 percent off; extra 20 percent off most sale items Calvin Klein : 40 percent off sitewide Bed Bath and Beyond : Savings on mattresses and more; 50 percent off fashion bedding; free shipping on orders over $29 Best Buy : Up to 40 percent off appliances; free delivery on major appliances over $399 Dell : $300 off PCs; up to 50 percent off electronics and accessories eBay : 20 percent off $50 or more with code P20MEMDAY through 5/29 Eddie Bauer : 40 percent off everything with code HONOR through 5/30 GAP : 40 percent off purchases and free 2-3 day shipping with code WKND H&M: Deals from $5; up to 60 percent off and free shipping Kate Spade : Extra 25 percent off sale styles with code REFRESH Macy's : In-store sales and 20 percent off online with code SUNNY; or $10 off $25 with code SUNNY25 through 5/29 Michael Kors : Extra 25 percent off Memorial Day Sale on handbags, wallets and more through 5/29 Nordstrom : Up to 40 percent off “on-trend” clothing, shoes, accessories and more during its “Half-Yearly Sale” Ralph Lauren: Extra 30 percent off Memorial Day Sale with code MEMDAY through 5/30 Tory Burch : Up to 50 percent off handbags, wallets, shoes and more Urban Outfitters : Up to 50 percent off during “Long Weekend” sale Memorial Day sales will be big on Monday, May 29, 2017. Photo: Getty Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories 17 Summer-Themed Songs For Your Memorial Day Playlist Memorial Day NYC Events 2017 Recommended Business Chevy's Bolt Is Being Beaten To A Pulp By Tesla's Model 3 The Chevy Bolt is the little engine that couldn't live up to anticipation from GM. Elon Musk's Tesla Model 3 is beating it into oblivion. Technology How Can We Stop Cancer Cells From Spreading? Researchers studying events that promote metastasis found it may be attributed to a new biochemical signaling process. World ISIS Claims Responsibility For London Bridge Attack London Mayor Sadiq Khan says he's too busy to respond to President Donald Trump's tweets about the incident that left seven dead and dozens injured. National Democrats Tired Of Clinton Blame Tour The former secretary of state has been speaking her mind about the Trump administration, but fellow Democrats say she should step aside. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Sign in or Subscribe See Offers News News Home Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine’s Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Home High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Community Opinion Opinion Home Letters to the Editor Lifestyle Sustainable Living Things To Do In Maine Obituaries Pressherald.com Mainetoday.com Events Classified Real Estate Local Offers Jobs Purchase Photos Public Notices Puzzles Sudoku Crossword e-Editions Newsletters My Account Support Home Delivery Help FAQ Reader Services Contact Us Subscribe Advertise Special Sections Open Centralmaine Home Menu News News Protesters face off in Oregon in wake of anti-Muslim tirade that led to 2 killings More Headlines Islamic State group claims responsibility for deadly London attack Jimmie Johnson extends Dover track record with 11th victory More in News Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine's Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Benintendi belts 2 homers to power Sox past Orioles More Headlines Bridgeway, Winthrop emerge to take high seeds as baseball playoffs near Even at 87, John Neff is one of the Maine Appalachian Trail Club’s most dedicated volunteers More in Sports High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Opinion Opinion Our View: Fully funding education is basis of state budget deal More Headlines Jim Fossel: Trump’s pretty good trip abroad Alan Caron: Now more than ever, Democrats should rally behind Angus King More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Community Community Lakewood Continuing Care welcomes certified nurses’ aide graduates More Headlines Central Maine business briefs Windsor student recognized as Promising Young Writer More in Community Celebrations Obituaries Lifestyle Lifestyle Movie Times More Headlines Add flower power to your plate with hostas TRAVELIN’ MAINE(RS): Ogunquit More in Lifestyle Sustainable Living Food Books Things to do in Maine Sudoku Crossword Local Offers Local Offers Test More Headlines More in Local Offers <div style="display:none;">test</div> Real Estate Real Estate 6 Kennison St., Manchester More Headlines ‘Little’ upgrades can mean a lot to home-buyers Make your back yard an oasis this summer More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Public Notices Jobs Subscriber Log in Welcome Log Out Subscribe   News Posted May 28 increase font size Morning Sentinel May 28 police log Waterville area police reports for May 28, 2017. Share Comment Read Article IN BENTON, Saturday at 8:59 p.m., suspicious activity was reported at Asher Farms Mobile Home Park. IN CANAAN, Saturday at 7:40 p.m., an assault was reported on Salisbury Road. IN CHESTERVILLE, Saturday at 7:37 a.m., trees were reported down on Pope Road. IN CLINTON, Saturday at 10:34 a.m., a disturbance was reported on Canaan Road. 10:50 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Morrison Avenue. IN FAIRFIELD, Saturday at 2:26 p.m., vandalism was reported on Maple Street. IN FARMINGTON, Saturday at 11:16 a.m., a disturbance was reported on North Street. 11:54 a.m., a hazmat incident was reported on Wilton Road. 2:24 p.m., theft was reported on Wilton Road. 7:39 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Broadway. 7:39 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Moore Avenue. 10:22 p.m., juvenile offenses were reported on Whittier Road. Sunday at 9:33 a.m., trespassing was reported on Voter Hill Road. 10:11 a.m., harassment was reported on Bridge Street. IN JAY, Saturday at 12:43 p.m., theft was reported on Main Street. 6:53 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Marcello Street. 7:25 p.m., harassment was reported on Bucklin Drive. IN NEW PORTLAND, Saturday at 11:38 a.m., theft was reported on Gilman Pond Road. IN NEW SHARON, Saturday at 2:37 p.m., criminal mischief was reported on Cape Cod Hill Road. IN OAKLAND, Saturday at 11:47 a.m., a protection order violation was reported on Sawtelle Road. IN PITTSFIELD, Saturday at 11:24 a.m., mischief was reported on Livingston Street. 9:09 p.m., theft was reported on Hartland Avenue. IN RANGELEY, Saturday at 11:51 a.m., a hazmat incident was reported on Main Street. IN SKOWHEGAN, Saturday at 11:24 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Alder Street. 11:26 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Turner Avenue. 11:51 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Sesame Street. 3:40 p.m., theft was reported on Spring Street. 10:12 p.m., an assault was reported on McClellan Street. Sunday at 12:36 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Madison Avenue. 3:23 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Canaan Road. 7:26 a.m., mischief was reported on Madison Avenue. IN SOLON, Saturday at 7:12 p.m., an assault was reported on North Main Street. IN WATERVILLE, Saturday at 8:39 a.m., harassment was reported on Oak Street. 9:35 a.m., a domestic dispute was reported on College Avenue. 9:54 a.m., a report of a disturbance led to an arrest on College Avenue. 11:22 a.m., theft was reported at Advance Auto Parts on Main Street. 3:01 p.m., shoplifting was reported at Wal-Mart in Waterville Commons. 4:28 p.m., shoplifting was reported at Wal-Mart in Waterville Commons. 4:29 p.m., theft was reported at Sally Beauty Supply in Waterville Commons. 5:08 p.m., juvenile offenses were reported at Head of Falls on Front Street. 9:24 p.m., a burglary was reported on Main Street. 9:44 p.m., a domestic dispute was reported on King Court. 10:17 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on High Street. 10:38 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Hathaway Street. Sunday at 1:27 a.m., a fight call was taken on Main Street. 2:21 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on High Street. 2:33 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Johnson Heights. IN WILTON, Saturday at 2:57 p.m., a domestic disturbance was reported on Main Street. Sunday at 10:13 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on U.S. Route 2 East. IN WINSLOW, Saturday at 5:15 p.m., juvenile offenses were reported at Norton Park on Joe Avenue. 9:38 p.m., an assault was reported on Hallowell Street. 11:46 p.m., an unwanted person was reported at Cumberland Farms on China Road. ARRESTS IN FRANKLIN COUNTY, Saturday, Robert Warnock, 55, of Strong, was arrested on probation hold. Jesse Anderson, 25, of Farmington, was arrested on probation hold. Ramsey Wellington, 26, of New Sharon, was arrested on a charge of operating a vehicle under the influence. Michael Michaud, 30, of Chesterville, was arrested on probation hold. Christopher Siddall, 47, of Vienna, was arrested on a charge of operating a vehicle under the influence. Sunday, Hope Schultz, 29, of Jay, was arrested on a charge of operating a vehicle under the influence. Joshua Osborne, 36, of Farmington, was arrested on a charge of operating a vehicle after a suspension, as well as a warrant for failure to appear. IN SOMERSET COUNTY, Saturday at 6:29 p.m., Zachary Allen Harrington, 32, of Madison, was arrested on a warrant for failure to appear. 8:04 p.m., David Harley Recore, 22, of Skowhegan, was arrested on a warrant for unpaid fines. 9:18 p.m., David Lee Libby, 46, of Canaan, was arrested on a charge of failure to sign a summons and complaint after being ordered to do so. Sunday at 2:14 a.m., Jared Adam Snell, 37, of Madison, was arrested on a charge of operating a vehicle under the influence. 8:08 a.m., Keith Allen Bolduc, 58, of Waterville, was arrested on charge of operating a vehicle under the influence. IN WATERVILLE, Saturday at 10:30 a.m., Allan T. J. Nunnally, 29, of Waterville, was arrested on a charge of domestic violence assault. 6:05 p.m., Miriah Jo Casey, 21, of New Portland, was arrested on charges of domestic violence assault and obstructing the report of a crime. 10:05 p.m., Danilo Guthro, of Waterville, was arrested on a charge of violating conditions of release. Sunday at 1:45 a.m., Catherine Josefa Gross, 28, of South China, was arrested on a charge of operating a vehicle under the influence. SUMMONSES IN WATERVILLE, Saturday at 3:01 p.m., Jennifer A. Eldredge, 43, of Fairfield, was summoned on a charge of shoplifting. 4:28 p.m., Brandon Dyer, 20, of Dover-Foxcroft, and a 14-year-old were both summoned on charges of theft. IN WINSLOW, Saturday at 9:38 p.m., Diane B. Cornforth, 56, of Waterville, was summoned on a charge of assault. Share Read or Post Comments Send questions/comments to the editors. Want the news vital to Maine? Our daily headlines email is delivered to your inbox each morning. Sign up by entering your email address below. Email* Newsletter Choices* Daily Headlines Breaking News High School Sports * I understand the Terms of Service. This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. Recent Read Shared Protesters face off in Oregon in wake of anti-Muslim tirade that led to 2 killings Islamic State group claims responsibility for deadly London attack Jimmie Johnson extends Dover track record with 11th victory Benintendi belts 2 homers to power Sox past Orioles Pending budget, Maine attorneys are defending the poor for free Augusta City Center closes after angry man unleashes 100 live bedbugs One person dies after Kennedy Memorial Drive crash that sent three to hospital Skowhegan police investigating discovery of body in woods Woman killed, 2 others severely injured in crash on Route 27 in Dresden Police identify man who died in Oakland crash Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret YMCA day care sued after asking mom to breastfeed out of boys’ sight Eagle sickened after feeding on dead animal Feedback from Hallowell residents key to Fire Department vote Augusta City Center closes after angry man unleashes 100 live bedbugs Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × On the Money On the Money Video Where to Watch The market comeback: Focus on 'economic data' and earnings, says Loop Capital president Beth Corsentino Sunday, 28 May 2017 | 3:12 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Stock market strength    Friday, 26 May 2017 | 4:00 AM ET | 02:03 Despite the gloomy budget headlines from Washington and the tragic events in Manchester, England, new records were set this week by both the Nasdaq and the S&P 500. Both have posted gains for seven consecutive sessions, matching seven-day win streaks for each that ran through Feb. 15. The Nasdaq last had an eight-day win streak in February 2015, while the S&P's most recent eight-day win streak happened in July 2013. Kourtney Gibson, president of Loop Capital Markets, told CNBC's "On The Money" this week that "I think the market is somewhat desensitized a little bit from some of these things. I think the good news is that we are actually focused on economic data and actually focused on the earnings that we are seeing coming out of the market right now" Recent earnings winners included Wal-Mart and Home Depot, signs of life in the dismal retail sector. Last week, HP, Medtronic and Best Buy all posted better-than-expected earnings. On the data front, a fresh reading on gross domestic product showed a better number than the first estimate. Manufacturing PMI for May also saw better-than-expected numbers with new orders at their best level of the year and employment improving. Looking ahead to next month's two-day Federal Reserve meeting, where a rate rise is expected, Gibson says a hike could ultimately be good news for savers. "For the average American raised interest rates obviously mean higher mortgage rates potentially on the long end of course, auto loan rates will go up. Hopefully we will begin to see some of those savings rates increase for the consumer," Gibson said. "I'd love to see some of the larger bulge-bracket investment banks and commercial banks begin to raise the savings rates for the average consumer as well." Gibson warns this week's big market headlines shouldn't throw a monkey wrench into your investment strategy. Just stay the course. "Hopefully you are investing for the long term and your financial advisor or whoever is helping you with determining your asset allocation is positioning you for the time horizon which you currently have, in which you'll actually need the money," she said. "So, changing something based just on this week is probably not advisable for most." Meanwhile, all three major indexes posted gains for the week, breaking two-week losing streaks for the Dow and S&P 500. "On the Money" airs on CNBC Saturdays at 5:30 am ET, or check listings for air times in local markets. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change DJIA --- S&P 500 --- NASD 100 --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
A Man Has Been Arrested For Allegedly Stealing Hundreds Of Dolla - WOWK 13 Charleston, Huntington WV News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home News Bizarre News Crime/Courts Education Emergencies Government Health Missing Persons More News Recalls Special Reports Weather StormTracker 13 Weather App 7 Day Forecast Weather Eyes Radar Local Temps Regional Sat/Rad Regional Temps Regional Sat School Closings Local Weather Warnings Sports College Sports High School Sports High School Sports Scores Hooked on the Outdoors Local Sports Marshall Sports West Virginia Illustrated WV Power Baseball Video Community Hidden History Events Calendar Journey WOWKitchen Recipe West Virginia Day What's On WOWK TV Schedule Contests About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us EEO/Public Files FCC Public Inspection File Meet the Team Tactive Digital Work For Us A Man Has Been Arrested For Allegedly Stealing Hundreds Of Dollars Worth Of Meat Posted: Sunday, May 28, 2017 4:59 PM EDT Updated: Sunday, May 28, 2017 4:59 PM EDT By Jeff Mitchell, Assignment Editor Email Connect jmitchell@wowktv.com Charles Nathan Riffle, 36, of Hurricane was arrested for allegedly stealing hundreds of dollars of meat from the Southridge Walmart. South Charleston Police sad Riffle left the store with a stolen shopping cart containing $416.24 worth of stolen meat. When approached by law enforcement, Riffle fled, but was quickly apprehended. Riffle also resisted arrest, and police found almost a gram of methamphetamine and 6 Xanax pills. Riffle is charged with three counts of obstructing an officer, fleeing, two counts of shoplifting, possession of a schedule I and schedule IV controlled substance. Riffle also gave a false name during booking to try to conceal the fact that he had two active warrants. We will update with any new information as it becomes available. Crime/CourtsCrime/CourtsMore>> UPDATE: 7 Victims Killed, 48 Injured Including 1 American UPDATE: 7 Victims Killed, 48 Injured Including 1 American Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 10:18 PM EDT2017-06-05 02:18:29 GMT British police are responding to an incident on the London Bridge amid reports of a vehicle slamming into pedestrians. A witness who was on the bridge told the BBC she saw a speeding van veer onto the pavement, striking as many as six people. Another witness told Reuters she saw three people who appeared to have their throats cut. "We are dealing with an incident on #LondonBridge, when we have more information we will update this twitter feed," the Metropolitan Police Dep... British police are responding to an incident on the London Bridge amid reports of a vehicle slamming into pedestrians. A witness who was on the bridge told the BBC she saw a speeding van veer onto the pavement, striking as many as six people. Another witness told Reuters she saw three people who appeared to have their throats cut. "We are dealing with an incident on #LondonBridge, when we have more information we will update this twitter feed," the Metropolitan Police Dep... Wayne County Drug Bust Yields Meth, Cash, And A Gun Wayne County Drug Bust Yields Meth, Cash, And A Gun Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 10:08 PM EDT2017-06-05 02:08:24 GMT Last night the DEU arrested a suspect from Kiahsville in the Wayne area. The suspect was in possession of a large quantity of Crystal Methamphetamine packaged for distribution and also in possession of Marijuana packaged for distribution. Patrol Deputies assisted the DEU. The suspect was charged with Possession with Intent to Deliver X 2, Pseudoephedrine Altered, and two misdemeanors. We will update with new information as it becomes available. Last night the DEU arrested a suspect from Kiahsville in the Wayne area. The suspect was in possession of a large quantity of Crystal Methamphetamine packaged for distribution and also in possession of Marijuana packaged for distribution. Patrol Deputies assisted the DEU. The suspect was charged with Possession with Intent to Deliver X 2, Pseudoephedrine Altered, and two misdemeanors. We will update with new information as it becomes available. UPDATE: Plaintiffs to Appeal Judge's Ruling in Nicholas BOE lawsuit Plaintiffs to Appeal Judge's Ruling in Nicholas BOE lawsuit Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 9:28 PM EDT2017-06-05 01:28:16 GMT Circuit Judge James Rowe ruled Friday there was not sufficient evidence to show the Nicholas County Board of Education violated Open Meeting Laws in regards to school consolidation. Several Richwood residents and the Richwood Alumni Association sued the Board and Superintendent Dr. Donna Burge-Tetrick, requesting Judge Rowe grant an injunction to stop the consolidation from moving forward. This comes after flooding in June 2016 destroyed more than 50% of the value o... Circuit Judge James Rowe ruled Friday there was not sufficient evidence to show the Nicholas County Board of Education violated Open Meeting Laws in regards to school consolidation. Several Richwood residents and the Richwood Alumni Association sued the Board and Superintendent Dr. Donna Burge-Tetrick, requesting Judge Rowe grant an injunction to stop the consolidation from moving forward. This comes after flooding in June 2016 destroyed more than 50% of the value o... Cabell County Sheriff's Warn Of Imposters And A Scam Cabell County Sheriff's Warn Of Imposters And A Scam Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 4:45 PM EDT2017-06-04 20:45:41 GMT The Cabell County Sheriffs Office has been notified that the public is receiving complaints from individuals representing themselves as Deputies from our agency. They are telling people that there is an outstanding warrant for the person missing Jury Duty. As a reminder, No law enforcement agency will contact the public to solicit monetary payment or to inform of warrants.  The Cabell County Sheriffs Office has been notified that the public is receiving complaints from individuals representing themselves as Deputies from our agency. They are telling people that there is an outstanding warrant for the person missing Jury Duty. As a reminder, No law enforcement agency will contact the public to solicit monetary payment or to inform of warrants.  Arrest Warrant Issued For Eric C. Conn Arrest Warrant Issued For Eric C. Conn Updated: Saturday, June 3 2017 7:41 PM EDT2017-06-03 23:41:17 GMT (WYMT) - The United States District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky has issued an arrest warrant for Eric C. Conn early Saturday. Officials said Conn removed his electronic monitoring device. His whereabouts are unknown. Conn pled guilty for his role in a $550 million dollar social security fraud scheme in March of 2017. He remained on bond pending his sentencing in July. If you have any information on Conn’s whereabouts please contact the FBI at 502-263-6000. (WYMT) - The United States District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky has issued an arrest warrant for Eric C. Conn early Saturday. Officials said Conn removed his electronic monitoring device. His whereabouts are unknown. Conn pled guilty for his role in a $550 million dollar social security fraud scheme in March of 2017. He remained on bond pending his sentencing in July. If you have any information on Conn’s whereabouts please contact the FBI at 502-263-6000. One Person Injured After Eastern Kentucky Shooting One Person Injured After Eastern Kentucky Shooting Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 9:58 PM EDT2017-06-03 01:58:59 GMT FLOYD COUNTY, KY (WOWK) - One person has been injured after shooting in eastern Kentucky Thursday. According to a release, the shooting occurred at the Branham Heights Apartment Complex in Wheelwright, Kentucky around 10:30 a.m. Thursday. Deputies say the investigation is early but at this time, one person has been shot and transported to a hospital. The shooter has been interviewed by law enforcement and is cooperating with the investigation. The incident was contained to one apa... FLOYD COUNTY, KY (WOWK) - One person has been injured after shooting in eastern Kentucky Thursday. According to a release, the shooting occurred at the Branham Heights Apartment Complex in Wheelwright, Kentucky around 10:30 a.m. Thursday. Deputies say the investigation is early but at this time, one person has been shot and transported to a hospital. The shooter has been interviewed by law enforcement and is cooperating with the investigation. The incident was contained to one apa... Police Identify 'Nude' Suspect After Woman's Body is Found in Huntington Police Identify 'Nude' Suspect After Woman's Body is Found in Huntington Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 10:29 AM EDT2017-06-02 14:29:30 GMT Police have an arrest warrant for a Huntington man wanted in connection with the beating death of a South Point, Ohio, woman. Police have an arrest warrant for a Huntington man wanted in connection with the beating death of a South Point, Ohio, woman. 1-year-old Ohio boy hospitalized after opioid overdose 1-year-old Ohio boy hospitalized after opioid overdose Police say a 1-year-old boy had to be revived with Narcan after he overdosed on opioids. Police say a 1-year-old Ohio boy had to be revived with Narcan after he overdosed on opioids. 5 Family Members Charged After Teen Weighing 56 Pounds Found Dead 5 Family Members Charged After Teen Weighing 56 Pounds Found Dead Updated: Thursday, June 1 2017 7:00 PM EDT2017-06-01 23:00:07 GMT PERRY, Iowa – Five members of an extended family are charged in connection with the death of a a teen girl who weighed 56 pounds, reports CBS affiliate KCCI. The girl's adoptive parents, Marc and Misty Ray, were on a trip to Disney World when 15-year-old Sabrina Ray was found dead May 12, reports the Des Moines Resgister. They are charged with kidnapping, child endangerment resulting in death and child neglect.  PERRY, Iowa – Five members of an extended family are charged in connection with the death of a a teen girl who weighed 56 pounds, reports CBS affiliate KCCI. The girl's adoptive parents, Marc and Misty Ray, were on a trip to Disney World when 15-year-old Sabrina Ray was found dead May 12, reports the Des Moines Resgister. They are charged with kidnapping, child endangerment resulting in death and child neglect.  Ohio bus driver gets jail for leaving disabled woman in hot bus Ohio bus driver gets jail for leaving disabled woman in hot bus A former Ohio bus driver has been sentenced to jail after being convicted of leaving a developmentally disabled woman inside a parked bus on a scorching day. A former Ohio bus driver has been sentenced to jail after being convicted of leaving a developmentally disabled woman inside a parked bus on a scorching day.    Top VideoMore>> Police Identify 'Nude' Suspect After Woman's Body is Found in Huntington Police Identify 'Nude' Suspect After Woman's Body is Found in Huntington St. Albans Election St. Albans Election West Virginia High School Baseball Championships (June 3, 2017) West Virginia High School Baseball Championships (June 3, 2017) 6th Annual Beyon The Backyard 6th Annual Beyon The Backyard Backpack Blessings Benefit Backpack Blessings Benefit    SlideshowsMore>> NWS Confirms Tornado Strikes Lawrence County, Ohio NWS Confirms Tornado Strikes Lawrence County, Ohio Updated: Thursday, May 25 2017 3:26 PM EDT2017-05-25 19:26:14 GMT A possible tornado struck Lawrence County, Ohio Wednesday evening. A possible tornado struck Lawrence County, Ohio Wednesday evening. Former Marshall Coach Sonny Randle Passes away at 81 Former Marshall Coach Sonny Randle Passes away at 81 Updated: Wednesday, May 24 2017 4:22 PM EDT2017-05-24 20:22:21 GMT The Marshall university community is mourning the loss of Former Coach Sonny Randle today. He was 81. The Marshall university community is mourning the loss of Former Coach Sonny Randle today. He was 81. Ohio Police Arrest Man Hauling Large Load of Marijuana, Oxycodone from Colorado Ohio Police Arrest Man Hauling Large Load of Marijuana, Oxycodone from Colorado Updated: Monday, May 22 2017 1:49 PM EDT2017-05-22 17:49:51 GMT Police said the man was arrested after they found a large shipment of marijuana and oxycodone from Colorado hidden inside horse bedding. Police said the man was arrested after they found a large shipment of marijuana and oxycodone from Colorado hidden inside horse bedding. Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood Kick Off Visit in Charleston, WV Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood Kick Off Visit in Charleston, WV Updated: Tuesday, October 25 2016 5:12 PM EDT2016-10-25 21:12:29 GMT Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood kicked off their four show weekend in Charleston, WV on October 21st. The show on Friday began at 7:30. The duo will also have two shows on October 22nd and one show on October 23rd.  The weekend event is expected to bring more than 50,000 people to the capital city.  Garth Brooks says that Charleston, WV is one of the funnest cities to play. "They come here to have fun and that's our kind of people. We are expecting this weekend to ... Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood kicked off their four show weekend in Charleston, WV on October 21st. The show on Friday began at 7:30. The duo will also have two shows on October 22nd and one show on October 23rd.  The weekend event is expected to bring more than 50,000 people to the capital city.  Garth Brooks says that Charleston, WV is one of the funnest cities to play. "They come here to have fun and that's our kind of people. We are expecting this weekend to ... Kenova Pumpkin House Preps for Halloween Kenova Pumpkin House Preps for Halloween Updated: Monday, October 24 2016 3:31 PM EDT2016-10-24 19:31:36 GMT Every year for the past 25 years, Ric Griffith's Kenova, WV home gets converted into the Pumpkin House. Every year for the past 25 years, Ric Griffith's Kenova, WV home gets converted into the Pumpkin House.    WeatherMore>> GO / View Larger >> 7 Day Forecast School Closings Predictor Email Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> Multiple Stations Respond To A Fire At South Central Regional Jail Multiple Stations Respond To A Fire At South Central Regional Jail Updated: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:16 PM EDT2017-06-03 18:16:36 GMT MGN Online Shortly after 12:00 p.m., 911 got a call of a structure fire reported at the South Central Regional Jail. Charleston and South Charleston Fire Departments responded to the scene. Metro tells us that a fire broke out in the laundry room. The details surrounding the fire are unclear at this time. We have a crew on scene and will provide further details as they come in. Shortly after 12:00 p.m., 911 got a call of a structure fire reported at the South Central Regional Jail. Charleston and South Charleston Fire Departments responded to the scene. Metro tells us that a fire broke out in the laundry room. The details surrounding the fire are unclear at this time. We have a crew on scene and will provide further details as they come in. ‘Lacey Shorts’ want to be the new men’s fashion trend this summer ‘Lacey Shorts’ want to be the new men’s fashion trend this summer Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 2:11 PM EDT2017-06-02 18:11:47 GMT Move over, RompHim. There’s a new men’s fashion trend that the Internet isn’t sure whether to love or hate. Move over, RompHim. There’s a new men’s fashion trend that the Internet isn’t sure whether to love or hate. Police Are Investigating The Discovery Of A Dead Body In Huntington Police Are Investigating The Discovery Of A Dead Body In Huntington Updated: Saturday, June 3 2017 3:25 PM EDT2017-06-03 19:25:16 GMT Cabell County 911 confirms that a dead body was discovered earlier today in Huntington. The body was discovered  in an alley on Lincoln Avenue off 9th Avenue and 26th Street in Huntington. The body of an African-American male was found near a garage in the alley. There is no details on how thew man died and Huntington Police are currently investigating. We will update with the latest information as it becomes available. Cabell County 911 confirms that a dead body was discovered earlier today in Huntington. The body was discovered  in an alley on Lincoln Avenue off 9th Avenue and 26th Street in Huntington. The body of an African-American male was found near a garage in the alley. There is no details on how thew man died and Huntington Police are currently investigating. We will update with the latest information as it becomes available. Police: WV Man Posing as Homeless Veteran Defrauding People Police: WV Man Posing as Homeless Veteran Defrauding People Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 9:28 PM EDT2017-06-03 01:28:06 GMT SUMMERSVILLE, WV (WOWK) - Have you seen this man? If so, police could use your help. According to Summersville Police, William Deweese is posing as a homeless veteran and is asking for money. The department says that Deweese lives in the Raleigh County area and has been arrested several times for this type of activity. Police say he came to the Summersville area for the sole purpose of defrauding people into giving him money. If you see him in the area, you are asked to contact Su... SUMMERSVILLE, WV (WOWK) - Have you seen this man? If so, police could use your help. According to Summersville Police, William Deweese is posing as a homeless veteran and is asking for money. The department says that Deweese lives in the Raleigh County area and has been arrested several times for this type of activity. Police say he came to the Summersville area for the sole purpose of defrauding people into giving him money. If you see him in the area, you are asked to contact Su... Disgruntled Man Releases Bed Bugs In Maine City Office Disgruntled Man Releases Bed Bugs In Maine City Office Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 1:12 PM EDT2017-06-04 17:12:08 GMT AUGUSTA, Maine (AP) -- The city manager in Augusta, Maine, says the municipal office building had to be sprayed for bedbugs after a man threw a cup of the pests onto an office counter and about 100 of them scattered off. City Manager William Bridgeo tells the Kennebec Journal (http://bit.ly/2sySI9f) the man apparently complained Friday to the code enforcement office about bedbugs at his former apartment then left, but returned after he showed the cup of bugs to a manager at his new a... AUGUSTA, Maine (AP) -- The city manager in Augusta, Maine, says the municipal office building had to be sprayed for bedbugs after a man threw a cup of the pests onto an office counter and about 100 of them scattered off. City Manager William Bridgeo tells the Kennebec Journal (http://bit.ly/2sySI9f) the man apparently complained Friday to the code enforcement office about bedbugs at his former apartment then left, but returned after he showed the cup of bugs to a manager at his new a... AEP Ohio Customers Receive Refund on June Electric Bill AEP Ohio Customers Receive Refund on June Electric Bill Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 12:00 PM EDT2017-06-02 16:00:24 GMT AEP Ohio announced that $84 million will be refunded to customers through a credit on their June 2017 electric bills. AEP Ohio announced that $84 million will be refunded to customers through a credit on their June 2017 electric bills. Red Cross offering free Kings Island, Cedar Point tickets for blood donation Red Cross offering free Kings Island, Cedar Point tickets for blood donation Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 7:27 PM EDT2017-06-02 23:27:54 GMT COLUMBUS (WCMH) — The American Red Cross is offering free tickets to Kings Island, Cedar Point and other Cedar Fair parks for those who donate blood this summer. Anyone who donates at select blood drives will receive one free ticket, valid for entry to any one U.S. Cedar Fair theme park, including Cedar Point, Kings Island and others, while supplies last. Tickets are valid for the 2017 season. Cedar Fair is also offering access to special price tickets and a chance to win... COLUMBUS (WCMH) — The American Red Cross is offering free tickets to Kings Island, Cedar Point and other Cedar Fair parks for those who donate blood this summer. Anyone who donates at select blood drives will receive one free ticket, valid for entry to any one U.S. Cedar Fair theme park, including Cedar Point, Kings Island and others, while supplies last. Tickets are valid for the 2017 season. Cedar Fair is also offering access to special price tickets and a chance to win... Wayne County Drug Bust Yields Meth, Cash, And A Gun Wayne County Drug Bust Yields Meth, Cash, And A Gun Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 10:08 PM EDT2017-06-05 02:08:24 GMT Last night the DEU arrested a suspect from Kiahsville in the Wayne area. The suspect was in possession of a large quantity of Crystal Methamphetamine packaged for distribution and also in possession of Marijuana packaged for distribution. Patrol Deputies assisted the DEU. The suspect was charged with Possession with Intent to Deliver X 2, Pseudoephedrine Altered, and two misdemeanors. We will update with new information as it becomes available. Last night the DEU arrested a suspect from Kiahsville in the Wayne area. The suspect was in possession of a large quantity of Crystal Methamphetamine packaged for distribution and also in possession of Marijuana packaged for distribution. Patrol Deputies assisted the DEU. The suspect was charged with Possession with Intent to Deliver X 2, Pseudoephedrine Altered, and two misdemeanors. We will update with new information as it becomes available. 110 Coal Mining Jobs to Be Added in Eastern Kentucky 110 Coal Mining Jobs to Be Added in Eastern Kentucky Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 3:37 PM EDT2017-06-02 19:37:59 GMT PIKE COUNTY, KY (WOWK) - Beech Creek Coal Company, an affiliate of Southern Coal Corporation, is restarting a large surface mine in Pike County, Kentucky. According to a release, the surface mine will be near Phelps, Kentucky.  Equipment is being assembled and hiring is in process. Once the mine is fully staffed, it will employ 110 workers and produce 500,000 tons of coal per year.  representative from the Company said this project will remain operational well into the f... PIKE COUNTY, KY (WOWK) - Beech Creek Coal Company, an affiliate of Southern Coal Corporation, is restarting a large surface mine in Pike County, Kentucky. According to a release, the surface mine will be near Phelps, Kentucky.  Equipment is being assembled and hiring is in process. Once the mine is fully staffed, it will employ 110 workers and produce 500,000 tons of coal per year.  representative from the Company said this project will remain operational well into the f... Photo: McDonald's Billboard garners laughs and shares online Photo: McDonald's Billboard garners laughs and shares online Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 10:10 PM EDT2017-06-03 02:10:16 GMT KRQE RATON, N.M. (KRQE) – A billboard in New Mexico is getting a lot of laughs and a lot of shares online. Someone posted a photo of a McDonald’s billboard near Raton. The billboard says, “Usually when you roll something this good it’s illegal,” and shows a Bueno green chile breakfast burrito. It has people laughing and many saying its placement is key. It’s right on the New Mexico-Colorado state line. Recreational marijuana is legal in Colorado,... RATON, N.M. (KRQE) – A billboard in New Mexico is getting a lot of laughs and a lot of shares online. Someone posted a photo of a McDonald’s billboard near Raton. The billboard says, “Usually when you roll something this good it’s illegal,” and shows a Bueno green chile breakfast burrito. It has people laughing and many saying its placement is key. It’s right on the New Mexico-Colorado state line. Recreational marijuana is legal in Colorado,...    WOWKTV.COM 350 Quarrier Street Charleston, WV 25301 Main (304) 343-1313 Fax (304) 343-6138 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 Frankly Media and WOWK. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
News Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Member Rewards log in Site Site Archive Word on the Street: Maybe South Peoria supermarket situation isn't so dire Sunday May 28, 2017 at 2:46 PM May 28, 2017 at 5:05 PM Chris Kaergard Journal Star political reporter @ChrisKaergardNick Vlahos Journal Star reporter @vlahosnick Perhaps a full-service grocery store in South Peoria no longer is the priority so many thought it might be. On Friday, the Save-A-Lot supermarket at 210 S. Western Ave. is to close for good. The store was underperforming financially, according to a statement a Save-A-Lot spokeswoman issued last week. Considering how briefly Save-A-Lot has been open, the store must have been underperforming pretty severely. The grocery in a space once occupied by an Aldi supermarket has been in business slightly more than 11 months. Aldi's departure in January 2014 left South Peoria bereft of a consistent place to purchase fresh vegetables and meats, among other things. Local officials, led by 1st District City Councilwoman Denise Moore, decried the "food desert" the area had become. They sought an Aldi replacement. Securing a commitment from Save-A-Lot appeared to be quite the coup at the time. But it's possible the most important people in the equation — potential customers — might not have been all that impressed. South Peoria residents must be going somewhere to purchase groceries. The most logical assumption is many shoppers have migrated to the closest full-service supermarket, the Kroger outlet at Madison Park Shopping Center in adjacent Limestone Township. But some shoppers must be venturing above the bluff in Peoria, or across the bridges into East Peoria. Moore said one constituent told her Save-A-Lot groceries were more expensive than those found at Walmart. Other South Peoria retailers that as a sideline offer a limited number of groceries also might have cut into Save-A-Lot's business, Moore suggested. Just up and across Western Avenue from Save-A-Lot is a Dollar General store. That wasn't there when Aldi was open. There also are two Family Dollar outlets located along that stretch of Western. Considering there was almost a 2½-year gap between the Aldi closing and the Save-A-Lot opening, area shoppers might have found other supermarkets to patronize. And nothing about Save-A-Lot might have been compelling enough for them to switch. Moore said she and others will attempt to lure another grocer to South Peoria, but it won't be easy. For Save-A-Lot to locate there took a fair amount of cajoling, it appears. "We tried every grocer out there," Moore said. "We'll go back to those grocers that we talked to, and maybe one of them will see a way they can come in and get profitable. "It's going to take a community effort to keep whoever comes in here in here." The beauty of the American system in this respect is the market, not the government, decides which businesses survive and which don't. In this case, maybe the community already has decided — with its feet, and with its wallets. (N.V.) Looking back at Bruce One thing readers should know about reporters: Most of us are pack rats. We'll keep notes in digital or printed form for years from interviews that we think might be interesting or important. Sometimes that merely means piles of things on our desks that grow to the point of teetering. Other times it pays off, like when your shorter columnist found his notes from his first telephone interview with a venture capitalist and philanthropist named Bruce Rauner who, in the spring of 2013, was mulling a run for governor. He'd take the plunge and announce about a month and a half after our April interview. Some of the rhetoric is the same as his current stump speech — "I never want to have to leave the state. I want my children to have good lives here, I want my grandchildren to have it good" and "I'm a hard worker, a workaholic by nature." He listed three priorities: • Changing the business climate — "We are a bad place to do business from a regulatory point of view." • Transforming state government and its operations — "Our government is wasteful, inefficient, self-dealing." • Improving education — "We used to be among the best states in the country for our education and we’re deteriorating." He also called for Illinois to "invest aggressively" in state universities — something that no doubt has people in Normal, Macomb, Charleston, DeKalb, Urbana, Springfield, Carbondale, Edwardsville and Chicago laughing ruefully. Rauner likewise wanted more money set aside for veterans' job retraining, early childhood education and K-12 education. On the latter, more has been budgeted, if one ignores the dollars that were promised but are caught up in the bill backlog and uncertain to ever be delivered. The first part of this statement from Rauner is unquestionably true: "I won’t worry about which special interest groups I alienate. ... I’m just on a mission to deliver results for our business climate and our taxpayers." Some things, it's up to the voters to decide if he's been successful: "I will never back down, and I will propose creative, doable solutions." "The governorship is very powerful. You can do a lot with executive orders." (C.K.)  Chris Kaergard (C.K.) covers politics and government. He can be reached at ckaergard@pjstar.com or 686-3255. Follow him on Twitter @ChrisKaergard. Nick Vlahos writes Nick in the Morning. He can be reached at nvlahos@pjstar.com or 686-3285. Follow him on Twitter @VlahosNick.   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile Advertise With Us Pay Your Ad Bill Customer Service Newspaper in Education Internships Contact Us Market Place Shop Cars Homes Free Classifieds Ad Classifieds Community Info Community Served About us Historic Headlines Peoria History Forms Anniversaries Births Engagements Weddings 100th Birthday Jobs in Peoria Pets Place a Classified Ad Real Estate Rentals Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Journal Star ~ Peoria, IL 61643 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Phil Luciano Police/Fire/Courts Word on the Street Nick in the AM Education State News Sports Preps Columns Rivermen Peoria Chiefs Sports Forums Bradley Hoops Auto Racing Entertainment Books Dining Out More Puzzles Movies TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Shareables Opinion Our Editorials Forum Letters Other Columns Write a letter Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Blogs Calendar Celebrations Games Contests Branded Content Submit Your News Member Rewards Subscriber My Profile Customer Service E-Edition All Access Signup Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Pay Your Ad Bill Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Local Directory Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications SUBSCRIBE TODAY Choose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery. Action
Tech Apple Science Cars Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 WWDC 2017 E3 2017 Prime Day 2017     Nintendo Switch Stock Tracking Report For May 28 Posted: May 28 2017, 1:44pm CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News     The latest Nintendo Switch stock tracking report for online and in store availability for Memorial Day weekend. On Sunday, May 28, the only option to buy a Nintendo Switch online is at gamestop.com. The video game retailer offers two new Nintendo Switch bundles priced for under $400.  Don't Miss: Today's Best Deals on Amazon.com Walmart for the first time in the past two months has not sold the Nintendo Switch online in a bundle on Friday at 5pm ET. The retailer finally reacts to the over selling problem. Our Nintendo Switch order from last Friday got put on backorder days after the order was placed. To find Nintendo Switch in stock online, shoppers can use our new The Tracker app, available as free download for iOS and Android. Further below this report features the latest on the in-store availability of the Nintendo Switch.  The weak rumor that Best Buy will have the $299.99 Nintendo Switch in stock today could not be confirmed yet. There is no other hint at a retailer restocking the Nintendo Switch on Memorial Day Weekend. Nintendo believes the Nintendo Switch will be as big as the extremely successful Nintendo Wii. Looking at the current shortage, the Japanese video game maker has a long road ahead of them to ship 101 million Nintendo Switch consoles. The positive reception and praise of the Nintendo Switch fuel the demand for the mobile and home console hybrid. Nintendo is also busy marketing the Nintendo Switch with hands-on events and at the E3 2017. Find below the latest Nintendo Switch online availability updates and stock tracking updates for stores. Nintendo Switch Stock at Online Stores GameStop offers two new Nintendo Switch bundles priced for under $400. Both bundles feature the Switch with Neon Joy-Con. One bundle is around Zeld and the other comes with Mario Kart game and gear.  GameStop also runs a big video game accessories sale, including discounts of 20% on select Switch accessories. Amazon restocked the Nintendo Switch the last time 10 days ago. Only Prime members got access to the Nintendo Switch stock. When the next Switch sale on Amazon takes place is not known. Use our new Tracker app to get notified when the Switch is in stock at Amazon. To get an notification when the Nintendo Switch is avaialble online again try our new Tracker app. At this point no online retailer is selling the $299.99 Nintendo Switch consoles. The Nintendo Switch will continue to be hard to find for the foreseeable future. Nintendo plans to ship 10 million consoles world-wide in the time from April 2017 to April 2018. From the launch on Mach 3 to April 27, the Mario company sold 2.74 million Switch consoles. Online stores restocked the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con and the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con in time for the launch of Mario Kart 8 Deluxe on April 28. Since then the Switch console was out of stock online, besides the TRU bundle offer, according to data from The Tracker. The Nintendo Switch reseller markups keep steady and range today between $88 to $110 for the Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con and $95 to $130 for the Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con on amazon.com. The Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con is more rare than the console with Gray controllers, resulting in considerable higher market value. Overall the Nintendo Switch market prices have risen slightly. To find Nintendo Switch in stock online, shoppers can use our new The Tracker app, available as free download for iOS and Android.  There are also several new accessories coming on the market from Nintendo in the next weeks. See the full list of new Nintendo Switch accessories. When is Nintendo Switch in stock online again? Nintendo is ramping up the production for the Nintendo Switch, but has not disclosed what the current production capacity per month is. The demand for the Nintendo Switch will spike during the Holiday Shopping season 2017. Nintendo will set aside a large part of the Switch production during the next months for November and December. This stock piling will keep the Nintendo Switch in short supply during the next 5 months. As Nintendo coordinated new Switch console shipment with the launch of Mario Kart 8, we expect the company to do the same for the next major Switch game launches. This means the next big wave of new Switch consoles comes in mid-June for the release of ARMS. The Nintendo Switch will likely be offered in special bundles in time for the Holidays. A Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Switch bundle has already surfaced in Russia. Because of the incredible demand for the Switch console, the monetary savings on these bundles will be limited. Usually bundles offer a way for consumers to get a free game. Nintendo can afford to just offer some savings, unless the demand is slowing down. Read the latest Nintendo Switch news. How to find a Nintendo Switch in Stock Online We developed the The Tracker app to make finding stock of rare products online as easy and stress free as possible. Download the free app for Apple iPhone or Android phones. From the list products you select to be notified for the Switch with Grey Joy-Con and/or Neon Joy-Con. That is it. It is set and forget. At the moment we detect the Nintendo Switch console in stock at major online retailers, you receive a notification on your smartphone. Now you are just a tap away from buying a Nintendo Switch. You can also see the current availability of the Nintendo Switch consoles in the web version of The Tracker: Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con, Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con. Nintendo Switch in Stock at Stores Best Buy stores had the Nintendo Switch in stock this morning. We prepared our readers for this Switch event before it was official. The Nintendo Switch is also available in 820 Walmart stores, 100 Target stores, 29 GameStop locations according to the Nintendo Switch inventory tracker iStockNow (2:45pm ET).  About 200 more Walmart stores are flagged to have the Nintendo Switch in stock today. The Nintendo flagship store in New York said on April 28 in a tweet to have the Nintendo Switch in stock each morning. People in New York or visitors can give this purchase option a try. Social media posts from people who visited the flagship store confirm the availability of the Switch at the Nintendo store in New York. Some even report that they saw the Switch still on the shelves late afternoon.  This week two new Switch games are released. The big upcoming Switch games are Arms on June 16 and Splatoon 2 on July 21. Amazon offers pre-order discounts on both of the titles for Prime members to the tune of 20%. Read the latest Nintendo Switch news. Updated: 2017-06-04 11:00:12pm Offers Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Store: Best Buy Price: $299.99 Availability: Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Store: Target Price: $299.99 Availability: Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Store: Gamestop Price: $299.99 Availability: Browse all current Offers This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Nintendo Switch Available for Purchase at GameStop in Five New Bundles 1 day ago, 4:09am CDT ‘WatchBox by Govberg’ App a Timely Father’s Day Find 2 days ago, 8:02pm CDT Killer Instinct Devs Release New Action Game Extinction Trailer 2 days ago, 10:47am CDT Xbox Game Pass Now Available for All Xbox One Owners 2 days ago, 8:22am CDT Nintendo Switch Online Services are Free until 2018 2 days ago, 5:40am CDT Top Science Stories of the Week 4 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 8 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 11 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 11 hours ago, 11:58am CDT iOS 10.3.1 Jailbreak august release finalized for iPhone 7, iPhone 6, iPad Air and iPad Mini 11 hours ago, 11:53am CDT Popular and useful iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks for you 11 hours ago, 11:51am CDT Rare Corpse Flowers Bloomed in Chicago 14 hours ago, 8:34am CDT Curiosity Rover Finds Ancient Mars Lake was Able to Support Diverse Microbial Life 19 hours ago, 3:10am CDT UNESCO Seriously Concerned over the World’s Largest Coral Reef System Die-off 1 day ago, 1:53pm CDT New Unique Material can lead to Unbreakable Smartphones 1 day ago, 5:39am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News Nintendo Switch is Playable after 1,000 feet Drop WWDC 2017 Could be Huge   Nintendo Switch: The Tracker App Had Its First Big Run Lego Nasa Apollo Saturn V Set in Stock on Amazon Technology News Nintendo Switch Available for Purchase at GameStop in Five New Bundles 1 day ago, 4:09am CDT ‘WatchBox by Govberg’ App a Timely Father’s Day Find 2 days ago, 8:02pm CDT Killer Instinct Devs Release New Action Game Extinction Trailer 2 days ago, 10:47am CDT Xbox Game Pass Now Available for All Xbox One Owners 2 days ago, 8:22am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Top Science Stories of the Week 4 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 8 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 11 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 11 hours ago, 11:58am CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Change Country United States United Kingdom Germany Featured Sections Video Style Beauty Work & Money Health Entertainment Food News Tech Follow Us Video Shatterbox Behind The Headlines Style Out There Beauty With Mi Try Living With Lucie Featured Docs Style Fashion Unstyled Travel Weddings Home Beauty How To Videos Hair Makeup Skin Care Nails Celebs & Influencers Work & Money Money Diaries Career Advice Personal Finance Tech Life Hacks Health Sex Horoscopes Body Mothership Spirit News 60 Seconds to Fit Entertainment News TV Movies Music Books Pop Culture Food News Tips & Tricks Easy Meals Restaurants Videos News Strong Opinions Politics Reproductive Rights Immigration Tech Follow refinery29 Refinery29 uk de Now Reading Arrest Of Beauty Queen Leads To Questions Texas Beauty Queen Arrested After Racist Road Rage Encounter Marquita Harris Photo: Courtesy of Carmen S Ponder Facebook. Carmen Ponder, Miss Black Texas of 2016, alleges she was unlawfully arrested after an encounter with an off-duty police officer and Chief Kerry Crews, the Dallas Morning News reports. While driving to a local Walmart in Commerce Texas, Ponder was cut off by a sporadic driver. "I thought it was a drunk driver so I [drove] around them," she said in a statement posted on Twitter. According to Ponder, after passing the vehicle, and pulling into the store’s parking lot, the car followed her. Upon exiting her vehicle, the 23-year-old Ponder was allegedly approached by the passenger. The man was apparently teaching his 14-year-old daughter how to drive and was incensed that Ponder would do such a thing. Advertisement “He continued yelling and cussing me out, and I finally turned around and said, 'It's illegal,' when he kept saying that it was a 14-year-old driving," she shared on Twitter. "That's when he screamed, 'Oh, whatever, you black bitch!'" @MeritLaw pic.twitter.com/LeHyS9JwHM— Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 24, 2017 Ponder brushed the encounter off and headed inside Walmart to shop. According to a statement from Ponder’s attorney, Lee Merritt, that was posted on The Root, that’s when the encounter took a turn. “A plain clothes unidentified officer wielding a badge informed her highness that the man she had pissed off was the chief of police and she had better apologize! She declined and continued graciously toward her vehicle,” Merritt explained. “The cop grabbed her and shouted you’re not going anywhere, you’re being detained. Carmen complied and used her cell phone to call the police. When they arrived (of course) they spoke with the other officers and was told Carmen was evading arrest (no idea for what) and she was handcuffed and taken into custody. Miss Black Texas spent the night in jail. Her only crime ... the color of her skin.” Advertisement The encounter caused some confusion. Ponder initially identified the man in the vehicle who confronted her was Crews, but that is in dispute. The City of Commerce issued a statement that the passenger in the car was not Crews, but that he became involved in the incident after being approached by a customer. Crews was not on duty at the time, according to the statement. "Since the incident there have been a number of statements made about the details of the incident, and many of these details do not align with the statements provided by Chief Crews and the responding officer. As such, the City is engaging an outside entity to conduct an investigation into the incident to objectively review and determine the facts," the City of Commerce statement reads. Crews has been placed on administrative leave, pending the results of the investigation. The city calls this action "in keeping with common practice." They also note it's not an admission of wrongdoing on Crews' part, nor a disciplinary action. Ponder has set up a crowdfunding page to assist with legal costs. "I will be using these funds for help with attorney's fees and city charges. I am not being charged for Civil Rights representation, but the city is pursuing criminal charges which will require a separate fee," she said in a statement on the page. "The money will be used to fight my unlawful charge of Evading Arrest/Detention. I refuse to take a plea deal and more than willing to go to trial, but that takes time and money." Plea bargains often work against many black and brown defendants, according to a study cited on NPR. Advertisement Beauty Queen Unlawfully Arrested After Racist Encounter Cultural Issues & Equal Rights • Feminism • News • Politics • US News Photo: Courtesy of Carmen S Ponder Facebook. More from US News How You Can Support The Paris Accord & The Fight Against Climate Change Politics Andrea Gonzalez-R... 11 hours ago Florida Will Begin Issuing Certificates Of Birth For Miscarriages US News Lauren Holter Jun 2, 2017 Trump Asks The Supreme Court To Reinstate The Travel Ban Politics The Associated Press Jun 2, 2017 The Internet Doesn't Even Know What To DO With Trump's Press Conference US News Natalie Gontcharova Feb 16, 2017 Rallies Against The Paris Agreement Withdrawal Are Everywhere The Environment Caitlin Flynn Jun 2, 2017 The Weather Channel Is Trolling Trump To The Max Donald Trump Caitlin Flynn Jun 2, 2017 Meet The Women Who Changed Your Life Paid Content Meghan DeMaria May 3, 2017 Trump Announces He Will Withdraw The U.S. From The Paris Climate Deal Politics The Associated Press Jun 1, 2017 A Timeline Of The Tangled Trump-Russia Scandal Politics Lauren Holter Jun 1, 2017 The Portland Survivor Had A Powerful Message For The Muslim Community & His City US News Andrea Gonzalez-R... Jun 1, 2017 Trump Is Expected To Withdraw The U.S. From The Paris Climate Deal US News The Associated Press Jun 1, 2017 Here's Why Jared Kushner Is Part Of The Trump-Russia Investigation US News Andrea Gonzalez-R... May 31, 2017 5 Things You (& Trump) Should Know About The Paris Accord Politics Sally Kohn May 31, 2017 A Student Missed His Graduation While Stuck On The Train, So Passengers Threw Him... US News Lauren Holter May 31, 2017 © 2016 Refinery29 Terms Privacy About Press Advertising Jobs Feedback R29 News Site Map RSS By using our service, you agree to our Terms (effective 2/07/2017) and Privacy (effective 2/07/2017). REFINERY29 name & logo and R29 logo are trademarks of Refinery 29 Inc.
null
Digital Trends Home > Mobile > Tips for buying a used smartphone Tips for buying a used smartphone By Simon Hill — Updated May 26, 2017 11:43 am Subscribe Share Jessica Lee Star/Digital Trends Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: The best smartphones pack tempting features into stylish bodies, but they don’t come cheap. You can easily spend upwards of $600 on a new smartphone — the Samsung Galaxy S8 starts at $750, for instance — but you don’t have to clean out your bank account to nab a snazzy smartphone. Buying a used device is a tried-and-true method of saving cash on a purchase. In this guide, we’re going to lay out your options and run through some tips for buying a used smartphone, helping ensure you don’t get ripped off. Not all second-hand smartphones are created equal, so let’s break this down by category. Buying refurbished smartphones The best kind of used smartphone to go for is a refurbished phone. These are phones that were returned to the manufacturer for one reason or another. They are fully tested, factory reset, and certified. They also usually come with some kind of warranty. When you buy a refurbished phone, it should be close to the experience of buying a new phone. If you buy a refurbished iPhone from Apple, for example, it will have a new battery, a pristine outer shell, and a box with all the necessary accessories. It will also come with a one-year warranty, but that won’t be the case if you buy elsewhere. Standards vary, so always check the details carefully. Whenever possible, buy directly from manufacturers, as they have the greatest incentive to ensure the refurbished phones they sell are problem-free. Before you get too excited about refurbished smartphones, however, it’s worth noting that they’re the most expensive kind of used smartphone around. You can often reap significant savings with little risk, but real bargain hunters will be unimpressed. If you want to shop for refurbished phones, then check out these stores: Amazon Apple Best Buy Samsung Walmart Buying certified pre-owned smartphones One step down from refurbished phones, you’ll find the certified pre-owned category. Once again, these phones have undergone some kind of testing, been factory reset, and should come with a limited warranty. They’ll be a bit cheaper than refurbished phones, too, though they probably won’t be in as good condition. Certified pre-owned phones have been tested to make sure that they work properly, but they’re not like-new — these are used smartphones and may have cosmetic damage or internal wear and tear. They also won’t necessarily be re-boxed or presented as new phones, and could be missing some accessories. Always check the details before you buy, because there may be differences when it comes to the definition of certified pre-owned from retailer to retailer. There will also be differences in the warranty they offer.. If you want to shop for certified pre-owned phones, then check out these stores: Amazon AT&T Best Buy Target Verizon Buying used smartphones The biggest bargains are to be found in the used smartphone category, but there are also greater risks in buying a used smartphone. You might be able to secure last year’s flagship with extra accessories at a knock-down price, but you could also end up with a dud and no way to get a refund. You need to check the seller’s description carefully, only consider listings with photos, and ask questions before you buy. Try to deal with sellers who have positive ratings, if possible. Some services offer listing verification and payment protection in the event something goes wrong, while others don’t. You should look for a return policy and use a service like PayPal, so you have some possibility of getting a refund if your new phone turns out to be damaged or stolen. If you’re going to meet in-person to buy a phone, always take someone with you and choose a well-lit public place to meet. Make it clear to the seller that you want to test the phone before you buy, and that you’ll be bringing a SIM card to do just that. This will discourage scammers. Some of the best places to buy used smartphones are: eBay Craigslist Glyde Swappa The price is right You should do some research to get an idea of how much you need to spend. Swappa is particularly helpful for this, because it shows a chart of the average selling prices for each smartphone over time. You can also search the “sold listings” on eBay, if you want to see what the going rate for your desired phone is. Remember that prices for older smartphone models — like the iPhone 5, or Samsung Galaxy S6 — will always fall when a new one is released, as people tend to sell their older devices in order to raise cash for a new one. When you settle on a target price, be patient. If you’re trying to get a better-than-average bargain, then you need avoid being drawn into a bidding war. There’s a ton of variance on sites like eBay, so it can be smart to wait to bid on items until the last moment. Choose listings that end mid-week, because they won’t attract as many buyers as listings that end on Saturday or Sunday. Important things to consider There are several things you need to keep in mind when buying a used smartphone, so here’s a checklist to run through. If any of these things aren’t clear in the listing, then you need to ask the seller before you buy. Is the phone on your network or unlocked? Smartphones that are locked to a carrier tend to be a bit cheaper, so if you’re happy on Verizon, for example, go for a device that’s locked to Verizon. Unlocked smartphones, on the other hand, can be used on any network. Does the phone come with any accessories? Find out if it comes in the original box, with the charger and cable that it shipped with. You need to know if there any extras being thrown in, such as cases or headphones. The original box is a good sign that the phone is not stolen and a case suggests the previous owner has been taking care of the device. Has it been factory reset? You want a phone that has been wiped clean. Make sure the previous owner has removed all personal accounts and watch out for Factory Reset Protection (FRP). It’s a safety feature that Google recently added to Android to discourage would-be thieves. If FRP is not disabled before the phone is sold, then, even after a factory reset, you’ll be prompted to enter the username and password for the last Google account that was registered with the device before you can use it. Is there any physical damage? Ideally, you’ll be able to review a good mix of photos before you buy, but it’s worth checking whether there’s any damage that isn’t obvious from the supplied photos. You may also want to ask about water damage before you make your purchase. Test your phone When your new phone arrives, make sure you test it immediately and thoroughly. Put your SIM in and make sure it works, insert your MicroSD card (if it accommodates one), try charging the phone, and test the headphone port. You should also watch out for battery problems, especially with older phones. After all, batteries deteriorate over time and may eventually struggle to hold a charge. You may also want to try a diagnostic app or use service codes. You can find them for most phones with a quick online search, and they’ll allow you to test the battery, screen, and a few other bits and pieces. If you’re going to find a problem, it’s better to isolate it sooner rather than later. If you have a warranty, then you can quickly make a claim. If not, you can try to return your phone or claim a refund via PayPal. If you’re meeting in person and paying cash, then go to the meeting equipped with a SIM card, cable, laptop, and headphones and perform the tests before making your purchase.
Home Radio TV Ghana Contact Login Login Forgot Password New User ! REGISTER.. FEATURED STORY Too Much “greedy Corruption” In Ghana – Jon Benjamin... Home News Sports Opinions Africa Politics Business Lifestyle Real Estates Members OnAIR NEWS SPORTS AFRICA WORLD OPINIONS POLITICS BUSINESS DIASPORA LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT REAL ESTATE CLASSIFIEDS MEDIA MEMBERS News Archive Dossiers Elections 2016 General News Health News Local News Corruption Scandals References OnAIR Columns Archive Woman 'locked children in car boot' to go shopping BBC 28 May 2017 | General News  0  A woman has been arrested in the US after allegedly locking her children, aged two and five, in the boot of her car while she went shopping. US media report that Tori Castillo, 39, is facing child abuse charges and the children are now with their father. Onlookers in the car park instructed the five-year-old on how to open the boot from the inside, reports say. Passersby had noticed the car shaking and noise coming from inside where it was parked outside a Walmart. The incident happened on Thursday in Riverdale, Utah. It is not clear how long the children were in the boot. Local police officer Casey Warren told KTVX : "It's never right to lock a child inside of a vehicle, let alone a trunk of a vehicle. "Obviously there's a lot of things that could go wrong." He praised the "good Samaritans" who helped the children get out. Under Utah state law, leaving a child under the age of nine unattended in a vehicle is punishable by a fine or jail time. The law was enacted in 2011 after repeated cases of children dying unattended in hot cars.  Add comment   Prev Next   Do you have a story for publication? Please email it to [email protected]  0  More General News Agona West Assembly Declare 'War' On Filth Monday, June 5, 2017 The Agrave;gona West Municipal Assembly in the Central Region led by its Mun ... ... 3 Ghanaian Ladies Flying The Flag Of Ghana High On... Monday, June 5, 2017 Three young Ghanaian ladies have become the talk of international News having ... ... Rawlings Calls For Comprehensive Solution To NDC's... Monday, June 5, 2017 The founder of NDC former President Rawlings has attributed NDC 39;s defeat ... ... Odeefour Owuau Amoaye II Shows The Way In Developm... Monday, June 5, 2017 Chiefs and their elders have for centuries played significant roles in the de ... ... Show More Stories    TOP STORIES I fired 'boy' Victor Smith over Nigeria cash - Rawlings 5 hours ago 'I am not here to unite good and bad' - Rawlings 7 hours ago LATEST POPULAR COMMENTS Abacha $2m was used for 'nationalistic purposes' - Rawlings Rawlings: I wanted to quit NDC but… I almost quit NDC - Rawlings I fired 'boy' Victor Smith over Nigeria cash - Rawlings Arthur Kennedy Writes: The Legacy Of June 4th Revolution Agona West Assembly Declare 'War' On Filth Back From The Claws Of Death – A Close Shave With Mob Injust ARCHIVE GET MORE Man Lynched At Kejetia Rev. Owusu Bempah Interprets "Spiritual" Captain Mahama's D Denkyira-Boase DCE Fired God Didn’t Speak To You – Mahama’s Family To “Liar” Bempah 'Respect Rights Of Captain Mahama’s Killers' Afia Tenge Nearly Lynched For 'Abominable' Dressing Former President Mahama Salutes Rawlings, NDC MOST POPULAR Arthur Kennedy Writes: The Legacy Of June 4th Revolution Agona West Assembly Declare 'War' On Filth I fired 'boy' Victor Smith over Nigeria cash - Rawlings NDC Must Stop Politicising Everything Under The Sun Netanyahu woos West African leaders at Liberia summit Rawlings Enskinned Bagrepie Naa Ho West: Pupils learn on ‘brick and wood’ desks HAVE YOUR SAY Couldn't our LOVE and CARE haven't been seen and proven by acts daily, isn't enough genuine and humble By: Abel Belo da Silva More Quotes Submit Quotes Inter Bank Rates Currency Buying Selling U.S Dollar 4.2906 4.2949 Euro 4.8399 4.8433 Pound Sterling 5.5272 5.5340 Swiss Franc 4.4541 4.4568 Canadian Dollar 3.1749 3.1772 S/African Rand 0.3348 0.3350 Australian Dollar 3.1908 3.1959 News News headlines General News Education Crime/Punishment Social Affairs Press Releases Regional News Health News Sports Sport News Premier League CAN 2013 CAN 2012 CAN 2010 CAN 2008 Worldcup 2010 Worldcup 2014 Politics Elections 2012 Elections 2008 CPP News NPP News NDC News PNC News PPP News Diaspora UK & Ireland United States Canada Germany Switzerland Netherlands Italy France Real Estate Homes For Sale Uncompleted Houses Bargain Houses Luxury Houses House For Rent Unserviced Plots Serviced Plots Entertainment News Online Radio Watch TV Photo Gallery Audio Releases Music Albums Video Clips Africa Nigeria Egypt Libya Uganda Congo Liberia Kenya Ivory Coast South Africa Opinions Columnists Featured Articles Opinions Editorial Letters Critics Commentaries Have Your Say Polls & Surveys Business Business News Real Estate Classifieds Business Directory Website Directory Book Directory LifeStyle Health Beauty/Fashion Family/Parenting Health/Fitness Home/Food Poetry Relationships Social Issues Women Issues Classifieds Announcements Business Services Jobs/Employment Computers/Software Car/Trucks Friendships/Penpals Datings/Relationship Members All Profiles Female Profiles Male Profiles Hot Or Not Home About us Contact Us Feedback Ghana Online Radio Online TV Advertise RSS Feeds Site Map Partners Links Terms of use Privacy Policy All trademarks and copyrights on this page are owned by their respective owners. 2005-2017 © Copyright ModernGhana.com
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Classifieds Place an Ad Homes Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 65° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Clear. Tonight A clear sky. Low 59F. Winds NNW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 10:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close 1 of 6 Buy Now BARRY ADAMS, STATE JOURNAL Brain Baldis, director of product development for Mongoose, shows off a three-pound aluminum frame that will be used in BMX bikes in 2018 at Pacific Cycle's Madison headquarters. The company is preparing for an event next month unveiling the 2018 line of Mongoose bikes for dealers, distributors and an international contingent of mountain and BMX bike media.   Buy Now BARRY ADAMS, STATE JOURNAL Matt Prest, a senior product manager for Mongoose, gives a final review of 2018 bike designs at Pacific Cycle in Madison. The company, which also owns the Schwinn brand, employs about 100 people in Madison and 350 others at four distribution centers around the country.  Buy Now BARRY ADAMS, STATE JOURNAL Brian Baldis, director of product development for Mongoose, walks past a mural in the Pacific Cycle's headquarters on Hammersley Road in Madison.  Buy Now BARRY ADAMS, STATE JOURNAL Dave Duecker, vice president of product for Madison-based Pacific Cycle, shows off the 2018 version of the Mongoose Boot'r. Improvements to the bike this year include a revamped dual suspension system and lighter components. The 2017 version retails for about $2,900. Buy Now BARRY ADAMS, STATE JOURNAL A line of Mongoose helmets are displayed at Pacific Cycle in Madison, which acquired the Mongoose brand in 2000. Buy Now BARRY ADAMS, STATE JOURNAL The Mongoose Boot'r features a dual suspension and a single front sprocket for simplicity and less weight. Pacific Cycle to showcase 2018 Mongoose models and Madison to an international audience BARRY ADAMS badams@madison.com May 28, 2017 0 Buy Now BARRY ADAMS, STATE JOURNAL Brain Baldis, director of product development for Mongoose, shows off a three-pound aluminum frame that will be used in BMX bikes in 2018 at Pacific Cycle's Madison headquarters. The company is preparing for an event next month unveiling the 2018 line of Mongoose bikes for dealers, distributors and an international contingent of mountain and BMX bike media.   When the newest line of Mongoose bicycles is unveiled next month by Madison-based Pacific Cycle, it won’t happen in a trade show in a tricked-out convention hall in California, Utah or Germany. Instead, global retailers and distributors, niche media and some of the world-class athletes who ride the brand will converge on Madison for a taste of the culture that plays a role in the design and development of the dirt-focused line of bikes. There will be group rides on the winding and undulating trails at Blue Mound State Park, spins around the Madtown BMX Track in DeForest and guided rides on one of the best public bike trail systems in the country. Attendees will explore the city, the region’s dining and craft beer scene and take tours of Pacific Cycle’s Hammersley Road headquarters, adjacent to the Southwest Commuter Path’s bridge over the Beltline. +5  Buy Now Brian Baldis, director of product development for Mongoose, walks past a mural in the Pacific Cycle's headquarters on Hammersley Road in Madison.  BARRY ADAMS, STATE JOURNAL In other words, a fully immersive Madison experience. “We have an opportunity to bring the focus back to Mongoose, hold it here in the building, showcase what Pacific Cycle brings to the development of the products that our customers are buying and bring the media in,” said Brian Baldis, director of product development for Mongoose. “They can really tie it back to the essence and the emotion of the brand once they come here.’” International exposure Pacific Cycle’s Mongoose line ranges from $79 children’s bikes that can be purchased at Wal-Mart, Target and Toys “R” Us to high-end models that sell at specialized bike shops and online for more than $3,000. In fact, the company has nearly 200 models with 100 more variations. The brand and sales showcase event, from June 8 to 10, will focus on bikes that range from $150 and up. Industry media invited to the event include representatives from Mountain Bike Magazine, BikeRumor.com, SingleTracks.com, PinkBike.com, BMX News and Montenbaik.com, a Chilean based website. “They have a lot of reach to Argentina, Mexico and Spain as well, as far as their site traffic is concerned,” said Steve Wilcox, sports marketing manager for Mongoose. “The majority of these are mountain-focused, which is amazing, really, because it’s a sub-segment of bicycling. It’s very specific, very particular.” Pacific Cycle is a house of brands that also includes Schwinn, purchased out of bankruptcy in 2001; InStep, a bicycle trailer company; and Kid Trax, a line of battery-powered ride-on toys for young children. +5  Buy Now A line of Mongoose helmets are displayed at Pacific Cycle in Madison, which acquired the Mongoose brand in 2000. BARRY ADAMS, STATE JOURNAL Mongoose was founded in 1974 in Simi Valley, California, and is one of the staples at Pacific Cycle, which acquired the Mongoose brand in 2000 with the purchase of Brunswick’s bicycle division. Pacific Cycle was founded in 1977 by Chris Hornung in a small space at Felland and Burke roads just east of High Crossing Boulevard on Madison’s Far East Side. The company later moved to McFarland and by 1999 had 24 employees and gross revenues topping $100 million. The company moved to its current home in 2000 and soon spent $2.2 million expanding and renovating the former television and radio studio space. In early 2004, the company, then with more than $325 million in annual sales, was sold to Dorel Industries, a Canadian company that sells baby strollers, car seats, furniture and other products. The Dorel sports division includes the Pacific Cycle brands plus Caloi, one of the largest bicycle brands in Latin America; and the GT and Cannondale bike lines. +5  Buy Now Dave Duecker, vice president of product for Madison-based Pacific Cycle, shows off the 2018 version of the Mongoose Boot'r. Improvements to the bike this year include a revamped dual suspension system and lighter components. The 2017 version retails for about $2,900. BARRY ADAMS, STATE JOURNAL Mongoose bikes are manufactured on contract in Asia, primarily in China. Pacific Cycle has 450 employees, about 100 of those at its Madison headquarters. The remainder work at four distribution centers — in Illinois, Georgia and two in California. “What makes Mongoose so unique is that we’re an extremely accessible brand and we make a really good bike at a number of price points,” said Dave Duecker, Pacific Cycle’s vice president of product. “If we can catch them young and catch them early and they have a great experience, we have a whole line of products that they can grow with.” The dirt experience Key changes to the 2018 Mongoose line include revamping the company’s dual-suspension bikes with lighter components, designs to improve performance and a new look with revised graphics. The BMX race category has been expanded from four to eight models thanks to more exposure from its debut in the 2008 Olympics and an increase of more organized racing leagues and events for youth. “The sport has taken to how parents like to put their kids in those kind of formatted sports, versus freestyle, which is still the bulk of the BMX marketplace,” Baldis said. “Racing is seeing some uptick because it has a time, location, adult supervision and feels very much like Little League in that way. It’s been great for youths getting back on bikes in that way.” +5  Buy Now The Mongoose Boot'r features a dual suspension and a single front sprocket for simplicity and less weight. BARRY ADAMS, STATE JOURNAL During a tour of the Pacific Cycle headquarters, Baldis showed off a new race frame for 2018 that uses hydro-formed aluminum and weighs about three pounds. The frame is used on BMX bikes that sell for between $230 and $250. The facility also includes a fitness studio, indoor employee bike racks, a locker room with showers and a tech center where bikes are fine-tuned. Table tennis in the warehouse is popular during breaks, while some employees head out for lunch-hour rides. Madison design hub In the company’s design and development center, an open-style office is filled with vintage bikes and prototypes, and developers and graphic designers using computers to come up with the next and best new products. Electric bikes are not part of the company’s portfolio, at least not yet. “We believe it’s a growing category and we are looking into that category and trying to determine the best routes in how to get into it. It’s a market that’s out there and growing throughout the U.S.,” Duecker said. “I think it’s in the future for every company out there.” +5  Buy Now Matt Prest, a senior product manager for Mongoose, gives a final review of 2018 bike designs at Pacific Cycle in Madison. The company, which also owns the Schwinn brand, employs about 100 people in Madison and 350 others at four distribution centers around the country.  BARRY ADAMS, STATE JOURNAL Matt Prest, a senior product manager for Mongoose, has been designing bikes for 15 years, six of those at Trek in Waterloo. Last week he was putting the finishing touches on 2018 designs for a downhill bike and a cross country bike, thinking about 2019 and contemplating his work out to 2025. When he first got into the industry, there was more physical construction in developing designs, but now much of it is contained to a computer until the latter stages. “You did a lot more prototypes, a lot more welding, which increased the lead time,” Prest said. “We’ve really reduced the amount of lead time and mistakes, and that helps us get a better product faster.” Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Bicycle Commerce Economics Marketing Company Gross Revenue Matt Prest Dorel Industries Line Of Products Product × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: Coulee Bank plans to expand into Holmen Creekside Grill & Pub opens in former Fieldhouse location Gasterland to succeed Sturm as Coulee Bank CEO next spring Local officials are optimistic about summer tourism season Convenience store Dawa agrees to change name after Wawa suit Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide Bike Trail Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Main Menu Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Business 25 Days of Black Biz Living Inspiration Entertainment All Access Politics Obama 44 Sports Opinion Video True Story Follow Us Search Miss Black Texas claims officer wrongfully arrested her in fit of road rage by thegrio | May 28, 2017 at 10:41 AM Filed in: News (Facebook/Commerce Police Department) There are conflicting accounts of what happened when the 2016 Miss Black Texas was arrested on Saturday. Carmen Ponder, a 23-year-old pre-law student at Texas A&M University-Commerce originally though the man who was involved in a “road rage” incident with her was Chief Kerry Crews but she now says she may have gotten that identification wrong. This, according to her attorney. Many of her statements do not line up with statements given by Crews who has been put on routine paid administrative leave while a third party investigation is conducted by Fort Worth law firm Lynn Ross & Gannaway. According to reports, Crews had been shopping at Wal-Mart when he saw two motorists in a dispute in the parking lot. One of the motorists “failed to comply with [Crews] requests.” That person was then arrested for “evading arrest or detention.” Ponder shared a very different story on Twitter. According to her, she was driving when she was cut off by a black truck that had been driving erratically. She thought the driver might be impaired so she signaled and drove past into the stores parking lot. — Video appears to show Texas officer striking teenage girl —  She says the man then followed her into the parking lot and began to yell profanities at her. Ponder says the man stated he was teaching his 14-year-old how to drive and she should not have driven around them. Ponder said it was illegal for a 14-year-old to drive and continued to walk towards the Wal-Mart. That was when she heard him say, “Oh whatever, you black [expletive].” According to her, when she exited the store she was approached by a plainclothes officer who flashed his badge and said the man she got into the altercation with was his chief and she needed to apologize. She said no and began to walk towards her car when the cop grabbed her arm and told her she was being detained. At this point, she called 911. When more officers arrived, they were told by the first one that she had been evading arrest. She was held for 24 hours and charged with that crime. Her lawyers are requesting all charges be dropped and for those involved to be punished appropriately. @MeritLaw pic.twitter.com/LeHyS9JwHM — Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 24, 2017 Related Posts Papa John’s employees accused of selling cocaine out of pizza boxes Oakland teen sexually abused by officers set to receive $1M settlement Woman talks 30 parishioners into beating gay church member to expel his ‘demons’ Father killed after he tries to break up fight at kindergarten graduation party Did Maxine Waters really “shove” a reporter? Pastor blames racist campus murder on the teaching of evolution Post navigation Previous Previous post: Uber CEO’s mother killed in boating accident Next Next post: Eric Trump: Russia controversy is a ‘total hoax’ Get news in your inbox TheGrio Favorites Worst NFL players who won the Heisman Trophy 15 richest NBA players of all time The 25 Most Influential Black American Leaders of All Time The top 10 greatest black quarterbacks of all time Infamous celebrity mugshots 15 films that hurt black America Papa John’s employees accused of selling cocaine out of pizza boxes Oakland teen sexually abused by officers set to receive $1M settlement Woman talks 30 parishioners into beating gay church member to expel his ‘demons’ Father killed after he tries to break up fight at kindergarten graduation party Did Maxine Waters really “shove” a reporter? Pastor blames racist campus murder on the teaching of evolution Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Terms of Service Privacy Policy About Intern with theGrio Advertise with TheGrio How to pitch to theGrio Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Politics Living Video Inspire Health Entertainment News Terms of Service Privacy Policy About Intern with theGrio Advertise with TheGrio How to pitch to theGrio ©2017 Entertainment Studios LLC Powered by PressHarbor.com theGrio Proudly powered by WordPress Theme: TheGrio Theme Prod (nbcthegrio).
GoSearch Replay: News at 11 News 3 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WTKR.com Menu News Good News Health Taking Action Sports Coast Live Contests Team 3 Events WGNT Traffic Weather 72° 72° Low 71° High 88° Mon 68° 82° Tue 63° 79° Wed 61° 75° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Utah woman locked kids in trunk while she shopped, police say Posted 9:52 am, May 28, 2017, by CNN Wire, Updated at 09:55AM, May 28, 2017 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email A woman is facing child abuse charges after she locked her two children in the trunk of her car while she shopped at a Walmart in Utah, police say. Tori Lee Castillo, 39, is facing child abuse allegations after she locked her two children in the trunk of her car while she shopped at a Walmart in Utah. Tori Lee Castillo, 39, was arrested after she returned to the car. Her children, ages 2 and 5, were taken by the Division of Child and Family Services and handed over to a responsible party, Riverdale City Police Department said in a statement. Police said they received a call Thursday after a witness saw the woman stuff the children in the trunk and leave her car at a parking lot. “The small children … began making noise and moving frantically, causing the vehicle to shake,” police said. “Several good Samaritans observed this and came to the aid of the children.” Bystanders coached the 5-year-old on how to open the trunk using the emergency latch in it, authorities say. Charity Maw told CNN affiliate KTVX that she was in the parking lot when she heard pounding from inside the trunk. When the children were finally freed, they were crying, she said. “I was shocked, I was shaken, and I was mad,” Maw told the affiliate. “And there’s two kids there, tears coming down their face. Bawling. They were scared.” A witness told CNN affiliate KSTU that when the woman returned to the car, she told them that her babysitter didn’t show up. Trademark and Copyright 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. Filed in: News Topics: Child abuse, Utah Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Southern Bank News 3’s Proud Community Partner! Popular Citizens in one Virginia town warned to boil water indefinitely Man dies after swimming with new tattoo NASA postpones early light show from rocket launch at NASA Wallops Local police departments warn card holders of skimmers on ATMs and gas pumps Latest News First Warning Forecast: Tracking showers and storms to start your work week Former dog owner says she warned FHRC of pit bull’s aggression before it killed a 91-year-old woman ODU Football brings out top-tier schools for College Exposure camp Man stabbed after verbal altercation in Virginia Beach News Watch the moment a kidnapped woman makes her big escape News Woman arrested after toddler left in car shoots out window News Child drove car while mom streamed it on Facebook News After surviving ex’s attack, woman discovers he was living in her attic ‘for some time’ News Portsmouth child abduction suspect turns herself in News Police find toddler locked in cage, 1-day-old baby left alone at Pennsylvania home News Kidnapped woman reveals how she used insulin pump to escape trunk News Couple accused of giving ‘chilling pills’ to 3-year-old who died of overdose News Police: Drunk Newport News grandma found holding child on sidewalk News Woman demanded to be injected with heroin or meth during labor, police say News Tortured boy told social worker of abuse 2 years before parents killed him News Only on 3: Portsmouth mom charged in AMBER Alert scare speaks from jail News Woman charged after listing boy, 14, as father of her unborn child Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App WTKR Weather Android App WTKR Weather iPhone App Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 720 Boush Street, Norfolk, VA 23510 • Copyright © 2017, WTKR • A Dreamcatcher station operated by Tribune Broadcasting • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Tech Apple Science Cars Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 WWDC 2017 E3 2017 Prime Day 2017     Best Memorial Day 2017 Deals And Sales Posted: May 28 2017, 5:15am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News   Photo Credit: Getty Images   Memorial Day sales are not comparable to Black Friday, but there are a number of sales available today at retailers online and in stores. Updated. Memorial Day weekend is in full swing. This is yet another holiday that retailers are adopting for sales events. The actual Memorial Day 2017 is on Monday May 29.  Don't Miss: Find Rare Products in Stock Online with The Tracker Memorial Day sales are not comparable to Black Friday sales, but there are deals out there. We have looked through our list of major Black Friday retailers and find the best Memorial Day 2017 sales. Online retailers have started to kicked off the full blown Memorial Day 2017 sales. Follow the links to find out the best Memorial Day deals offered by Best Buy, Target and Walmart. The latter is still holding back the full blown Memorial day sale. The Walmart Memorial Day 2017 sale will only be running on Monday. At Amazon, the Memorial Day 2017 sale is as usual not as big of a deal. The retailer is taking this sale not seriously and there are only a few deals that are Memorial Day themed featured in Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry. Amazon continues to offer discounts on Amazon devices. The best deals are on the new Amazon Show and the Echo.  The Amazon Prime Day 2017 will be the next huge sales day on Amazon. The retailer created a sales day out of thin air last year for the first time that matched deals offered on Black Friday.  Find below the details and best deal picks for each of the major retailers we identified offering great deals on tech. Best Buy Memorial Day 2017 Sale Sam's Club Memorial Day 2017 Sale Walmart Memorial Day 2017 Sale Target Memorial Day 2017 Sale Find also the best Memorial Day 2017 TV deals. Shoppers who want to find a Nintendo Switch on Memorial Day weekend have limited options. Refer to our latest Nintendo Switch availability report for the details on where to find the popular video game console in stock. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Nintendo Switch Available for Purchase at GameStop in Five New Bundles 1 day ago, 4:09am CDT ‘WatchBox by Govberg’ App a Timely Father’s Day Find 2 days ago, 8:02pm CDT Killer Instinct Devs Release New Action Game Extinction Trailer 2 days ago, 10:47am CDT Xbox Game Pass Now Available for All Xbox One Owners 2 days ago, 8:22am CDT Nintendo Switch Online Services are Free until 2018 2 days ago, 5:40am CDT Top Science Stories of the Week 3 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 8 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 10 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 10 hours ago, 11:58am CDT iOS 10.3.1 Jailbreak august release finalized for iPhone 7, iPhone 6, iPad Air and iPad Mini 10 hours ago, 11:53am CDT Popular and useful iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks for you 10 hours ago, 11:51am CDT Rare Corpse Flowers Bloomed in Chicago 13 hours ago, 8:34am CDT Curiosity Rover Finds Ancient Mars Lake was Able to Support Diverse Microbial Life 19 hours ago, 3:10am CDT UNESCO Seriously Concerned over the World’s Largest Coral Reef System Die-off 1 day ago, 1:53pm CDT New Unique Material can lead to Unbreakable Smartphones 1 day ago, 5:39am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News Nintendo Switch is Playable after 1,000 feet Drop WWDC 2017 Could be Huge   Nintendo Switch: The Tracker App Had Its First Big Run Lego Nasa Apollo Saturn V Set in Stock on Amazon Technology News Nintendo Switch Available for Purchase at GameStop in Five New Bundles 1 day ago, 4:09am CDT ‘WatchBox by Govberg’ App a Timely Father’s Day Find 2 days ago, 8:02pm CDT Killer Instinct Devs Release New Action Game Extinction Trailer 2 days ago, 10:47am CDT Xbox Game Pass Now Available for All Xbox One Owners 2 days ago, 8:22am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Top Science Stories of the Week 3 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 8 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 10 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 10 hours ago, 11:58am CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Breaking News U.S.+ Crime + JusticeEnergy + EnvironmentExtreme WeatherSpace + Science U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentTechStyleTravelSportsVideoVRLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica State Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z CNNVR How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram Utah woman locked kids in trunk while she shopped, police say By Faith Karimi, CNN Updated 8:39 AM ET, Sun May 28, 2017 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. JUST WATCHED Police: Woman locked kids in trunk Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH (10 Videos) Police: Woman locked kids in trunk Widow learns details of death, 13 years later Gunmen fire at Christian bus, 26 dead Police, family dispute facts in teen's arrest 3 teens arrested in killing of boy, 6 Woman jumps on car hood as thief drives Three home invaders killed at residence Storm chasers killed chasing tornado Woman falls off bridge taking selfie Escalator reverses, shoppers tumble Story highlights The children ages 2 and 5 made noises and moved frantically Bystanders instructed one of them to open emergency latch (CNN)A woman is facing child abuse charges after she locked her two children in the trunk of her car while she shopped at a Walmart in Utah, police say. Tori Lee Castillo, 39, was arrested after she returned to the car. Her children, ages 2 and 5, were taken by the Division of Child and Family Services and handed over to a responsible party, Riverdale City Police Department said in a statement. Police said they received a call Thursday after a witness saw the woman stuff the children in the trunk and leave her car at a parking lot. "The small children ... began making noise and moving frantically, causing the vehicle to shake," police said. "Several good Samaritans observed this and came to the aid of the children." Bystanders coached the 5-year-old on how to open the trunk using the emergency latch in it, authorities say. Read More Charity Maw told CNN affiliate KTVX that she was in the parking lot when she heard pounding from inside the trunk. When the children were finally freed, they were crying, she said. "I was shocked, I was shaken, and I was mad," Maw told the affiliate. "And there's two kids there, tears coming down their face. Bawling. They were scared." A witness told CNN affiliate KSTU that when the woman returned to the car, she told them that her babysitter didn't show up. CNN's Joe Sutton contributed to this report Content by LendingTree Mortgage rates just plummeted. Lock in now! Veterans hit the jackpot in 2017 Crush your debt by refinancing to a 15 year fixed loan Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Rates now at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) Do you qualify? Paid Partner Content Consumers rush to jaw-dropping savings rates Bankrate $55 & up: Greater Fort Lauderdale summer stays, save 30% Travelzoo Mark Cuban predicts world's first trillionaire The Motley Fool Hidden hotspots in NYC that only locals know Time Lifestyle Buffett reveals big bet on Apple as rumors swirl The Motley Fool Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica State Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z CNNVR How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Crime Stories» Child Killer's Brother Is Murdered in Family Home Lawyer Guilty in $600M Scam Is Suddenly Missing Girl, 16, Accused of Murdering Her Uber Driver Girl Missing 33 Years Tweets via Sheriff's Account UK Arrests 12 in London Bridge Attack Philippine Cops: Casino Attacker Was Indebted Gambler Police Say Papa John's Had More Than Pizza in Its Boxes Sect Members to Be Tried for Trying to Expel 'Gay Demons' Gunman in Casino Attack to Guests: 'Get Out! Get Out!' Dad Killed Over Fight Between Kids at Kindergarten Party Penn State Sex Abuse Scandal Sends 3 More to Jail WVa's Residents Are Taking ODs Into Their Own Hands Crime / child abuse Go to Grid|Next Story Utah Mom Stuffed Kids in Trunk While Shopping: Cops Tori Lee Castillo is facing child abuse charges By Polly Davis Doig,  Newser Staff Posted May 28, 2017 7:08 AM CDT 109 comments Comments This Thursday, May 25, 2017 booking photo shows Tori Lee Castillo, 39. The Utah woman was arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in her car's trunk while she went inside a Wal-Mart to shop.   (Weber County Sheriff's Office via AP)This Thursday, May 25, 2017 booking photo shows Tori Lee Castillo, 39. The Utah woman was arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in her car's trunk while she went inside a Wal-Mart...   (Weber County Sheriff's Office via AP) (Newser) – A 39-year-old woman in Utah is facing child abuse charges in what witnesses are describing as an appalling incident: Tori Lee Castillo is accused of locking her two children, ages 2 and 5, in the trunk of her car while she left to shop at a local Walmart. The Riverdale City Police Department got a call Thursday after a witness reported seeing Castillo put her kids in the trunk. "The small children ... began making noise and moving frantically, causing the vehicle to shake," Utah police tell CNN. "Several good Samaritans observed this and came to the aid of the children." Those good Samaritans coached the 5-year-old on how to open the trunk using an emergency latch. "I was shocked, I was shaken, and I was mad," a witness tells CNN. "And there's two kids there, tears coming down their face. Bawling. They were scared." Castillo was arrested after returning to her car, per the AP.   My Take on This Story Report a story error Show results without voting  |   4% Hilarious 1% Intriguing 47% Depressing 2% Brilliant 32% Scary 14% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 109 comments You Might Like Sponsored by ZergNet Next on Newser: Tenant Heard Tale of Missing Woman, Started to Dig Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 109 comments David Gervais May 29, 2017 10:07 PM CDT I am tired of people saying people like this are mentally ill and need help. She is ignorant and probably has a pretty low IQ which is becoming an epidemic. She is probably on social assistance. There are millions of her. They are out-breeding intelligent people and being supported by social programs to do so. Only God can help their children. Most will grow up to follow in their parent's footsteps. Kasey Greene May 29, 2017 4:05 PM CDT Whew, at least she's white.... Imagine the lawsuits & backlashes of "racism" if she had been blaq . . . Sammirah Meowski May 29, 2017 12:42 PM CDT Make sure that trailer trash never gets those kids back. Disgusting. View all 109 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser Ted Nugent: Don't Compare Me to Kathy Griffin 1 Londoners Fought Back With Bottles, Chairs During Attack 2 Teen Fatally Shoots Girlfriend; No Charges Are Expected 3 Man Fights City Hall by Releasing 100 Live Bedbugs 4 Police Say Papa John's Had More Than Pizza in Its Boxes 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Teacher Is Accused of Video-Taping Students in Disgusting Acts of Perversion The Weather Channel Trolls Trump's Decision to Pull Out of Climate Agreement Enter to Win a Trip to LA! Bill Cosby Is Reportedly Living in Constant Fear Ahead of His Upcoming Trial Clumsy Waitress Was Arrested for What She Dropped in a Police Officer's Drink This Is Trump’s Most Unpopular Tweet From the Past Year, According to Science How Drug Dealers Get Caught, as Told by a Police Officer Partner Links AROUND THE WEB Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners ‘Celebrate Israel’ Parade Marches Through Midtown; Cuomo Honors Shimon Peres ISIS Claims Responsibility As Investigators Work To Learn More About London... NYPD Officer Undergoes Surgery After Being Dragged By Car In Brooklyn Go to CBS Local How a Klutzy Chef Created a Cult Confection Meet Chicago's Teenage Lyricist Who Could Rival Solange Berlin's Hot Spot That Will Keep You Up Until Dawn Go to Ozy Remember when John Michael Montgomery made country fans everywhere swoon After twelve years, this infamous teacher-student marriage is coming to an end After President Trump said he was elected to represent the voters of... Go to Rare You Need To See The Emotional End To Ariana Grande’s Manchester Concert Ariana Grande And Miley Cyrus Sang A Duet At Manchester And Gave Fans All The... Ariana Grande & Mac Miller Are Couple Goals After Manchester Performance Go to Elite Daily Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, June 04, 2017, 11:17 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / BUSINESS PEOPLE Northwest Arkansas This article was published May 28, 2017 at 1:00 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Bob Crafton of Springdale received the University of Arkansas, Fayetteville College of Engineering’s hall of fame award during the April 29 annual banquet in Fayetteville. Crafton received a civil engineering degree from the university in 1957. He and Lem Tull founded Crafton Tull in 1963. Crafton retired in 2000. He is a member of the Arkansas Higher Education Coordinating Board and the Good Roads Transportation Council; is a founding member of the Arkansas Academy of Civil Engineering and was named a distinguished alumnus of the College of Engineering in 2007. This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Wal-Mart tests Scan and Go app Sam's Club shows off brand reinvention Business news in brief On the Agenda BUSINESS PEOPLE Northwest Arkansas INCORPORATIONS On the Agenda Business news in brief BUSINESS PEOPLE Northwest Arkansas Comments on: BUSINESS PEOPLE Northwest Arkansas To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 'Executive privilege' to quiet Comey called an option (29 comments) Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (31 comments) 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack (6 comments) Pulled from reality (4 comments) 2 leaders affirm climate pledges (2 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (35 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts £9.50 Hols Superdays News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Election 2017 Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All News All News UK News World News Politics Opinion CHILD ABUSE PROBE Mum arrested after ‘locking her children aged two and five in the boot of her car while she went shopping at Walmart’ Witnesses told cops the trapped children began 'moving frantically, causing the vehicle to shake' By Maryse Godden 28th May 2017, 12:10 pm Updated: 28th May 2017, 1:27 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) A MUM has been arrested after allegedly leaving her young children in the boot of a car while she went shopping. Tori Castillo, 39, is accused of locking her kids, ages two and five, in the back of her vehicle before popping into Walmart in Riverdale, Utah. AP:Associated Press 2 Tori Castillo allegedly locked her two children in the boot of her car Officers arrived at the scene after they were called to a report of child neglect. Witnesses told police the children began “moving frantically, causing the vehicle to shake” before “several good Samaritans observed this and came to their aid”, Gephardt Daily reported. One of the witnesses guided the five-year-old to pull the emergency latch to release the door and the children were then freed. Google 2 The children were spotted outside Walmart in Riverdale Recalling the incident, Heidi, an eyewitness, told Fox 13: “I could hear some kids crying. I turned to my friend and I’m like, ‘There’s people in this trunk. There’s kids in this trunk!'” She said when the boot was finally opened, the children were scared and sweating from the heat. Heidi added: “It was kind of heartbreaking to see that somebody could do something so cruel.” Most read in news TRAGIC TOT Newborn baby girl dies after trainee midwife mistakenly monitors MUM'S heart rate instead of the child's seconds from slaughter ISIS claims responsibility for London Bridge terror attack as chilling video shows jihadi killers stalking pubs looking for revellers to slaughter in deadly rampage DODGING DEATH Tourist reveals he survived London Bridge terror attack by 'ducking and weaving' after being stabbed in the neck 'OLIVIA WOULDN'T WANT US TO CRY' Ariana Grande pays tribute to Manchester terror victim Olivia Campbell, 15, in front of 50,000 defiant fans before emotional performance with schoolgirl, 12 BRAINWASHED ON YOUTUBE? Ex-Tube worker and Arsenal-supporting family man 'Abz' who tried to radicalise young kids in park 'watched extremist YouTube videos' before London Bridge rampage 'SHE HAD ROOM IN HER HEART FOR EVERYONE' First picture of 'beautiful and loving' Canadian charity worker killed in London Bridge terror attack after moving to Europe to be with her fiancé When the mother returned, she was interviewed by police before being arrested. Castillo faces four counts of child abuse with physical injury and one charge of theft. The Division of Child and Family Services were contacted and the children were put into the care of a responsible party. Florida man filmed walking down busy road carrying a baby while 'high on MDMA' We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 The Sun Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Most Popular TRAGIC TOT Newborn baby girl dies after trainee midwife mistakenly monitors MUM'S heart rate instead of the child's News seconds from slaughter ISIS claims responsibility for London Bridge terror attack as chilling video shows jihadi killers stalking pubs looking for revellers to slaughter in deadly rampage News DODGING DEATH Tourist reveals he survived London Bridge terror attack by 'ducking and weaving' after being stabbed in the neck News 'OLIVIA WOULDN'T WANT US TO CRY' Ariana Grande pays tribute to Manchester terror victim Olivia Campbell, 15, in front of 50,000 defiant fans before emotional performance with schoolgirl, 12 News Revealed BRAINWASHED ON YOUTUBE? Ex-Tube worker and Arsenal-supporting family man 'Abz' who tried to radicalise young kids in park 'watched extremist YouTube videos' before London Bridge rampage News body makeover Alex Reid drops ten per cent of his body fat to take part in a bodybuilding competition TV & Showbiz GRANDE GESTURE Ariana Grande changed whole Manchester One Love set list for fan who passed away TV & Showbiz Pictured 'SHE HAD ROOM IN HER HEART FOR EVERYONE' First picture of 'beautiful and loving' Canadian charity worker killed in London Bridge terror attack after moving to Europe to be with her fiancé News ‘THE WOLVES HAVE AWAKENED’ Sick ISIS thugs celebrate London Bridge terror rampage and call for more attacks News Comment DOUGLAS MURRAY Never mind singing John Lennon songs... if we want peace then we need one thing - less Islam News Exclusive holiday reading Antonio Conte is spending summer break poring over Chelsea player data... to avoid repeat of Jose Mourinho's disastrous title defence Football BOUNCER'S BRAVE CHARGE Doorman 'saved countless lives' by pelting jihadis with bottles, glasses and bar stools and driving them into gun cops' sights News DEAD MEN WALKING London Bridge attack killers filmed striding calmly through market ‘like outlaws from a Western’ News Exclusive this gnawing Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield furious after plagues of mice and moths invade This Morning set TV & Showbiz Gossip In the Vic of time Manchester United to confirm £30million signing of Benfica youngster Victor Lindelof next week Football Just Published Breaking TERROR IN DAGENHAM Gunfire heard in Dagenham as armed cops and police helicopter swoop on 'terror suspect' News FEARS FOR MISSING SPANIARD Spanish HSBC worker, 39, who confronted London bridge attacker as he stabbed woman near Borough Market is still missing News Revealed BRAINWASHED ON YOUTUBE? Ex-Tube worker and Arsenal-supporting family man 'Abz' who tried to radicalise young kids in park 'watched extremist YouTube videos' before London Bridge rampage News THE SUN SAYS Your choice is clear - a PM who will root out extremists or one who has made a career cheering them on News Video 'BRITISH SPIRIT CAPTURED IN SIX SECONDS' Heartwarming moment uniformed cop melts hearts by dancing with young fans at Manchester tribute concert in wake of terror attacks News TOO SOON? Jeremy Corbyn attacks PM over terror and police cuts accusing her of trying to protect Brits on the cheap News Moaner's booze gaffe Dozy motorist who followed a cop to a police station to complain about his driving is arrested for being over booze limit News MEW DUNNIT? Police hunt weirdo serial cat shaver who's targeted as many as TEN Ginger moggies around Tonbridge News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
× Thank you for Reading. Please log in, or sign up for a new account and purchase a subscription to continue reading. Please purchase a subscription to continue reading. Your current subscription does not provide access to this content. Sign Up Log In Purchase a Subscription × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Local Crime Community Economy E-edition Education Environment Health National/World Special Reports Multimedia Submit News Sports Local National Submit a Score Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Columnists Op-ed Out & About Movie Listings Local Arts Calendar ELF Obituaries Publications Subscriptions Classifieds Place an Ad Merchandise Yard Sales Autos Homes Jobs ( on kscareerfinder.com ) Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 64° Overcast Keene, NH (03431) Today Cloudy, periods of rain. Tonight A steady rain this evening. Showers continuing overnight. Thunder possible. Low 52F. Winds SSE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 90%. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 3:56 pm Full Forecast We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit news Toggle navigation Home News Local Crime Community Economy E-edition Education Environment Health National/World Special Reports Multimedia Submit News Sports Local National Submit a Score Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Columnists Op-ed Out & About Movie Listings Local Arts Calendar ELF Obituaries Publications Subscriptions Classifieds Place an Ad Merchandise Yard Sales Autos Homes Jobs ( on kscareerfinder.com ) Close 1 of 2 Courtesy photos Courtesy photos The group from The Compass School in Westminster, Vt., makes a stop in front of the memorial to Camilo Cienfuegos in the Plaza de la Revolucion in Havana recently. Below, a Cuban band performs on the street. Courtesy A Cuban band performs on the street. top story Trip of a lifetime: Compass School juniors travel to Cuba by Isaac Stein Sentinel Staff May 28, 2017 (…) Courtesy photos Courtesy photos Courtesy A Cuban band performs on the street. A s summer’s gearing up, many of us are thinking about warm sun and the ocean. But what if you could add The Malecón, ’50s cars, hiking, street food and a cultural experience that just recently opened up to Americans? Then you’d be like the 14 juniors at The Compass School in Westminster, Vt., who journeyed to Cuba late last month for the 11th grade’s annual class trip, which ran for 10 days. While an exhaustive list of what they did could go on for pages, the students explored Old Havana and Old Trinidad, visited the Museum of the Revolution in Havana, hiked and cliff-jumped in Parque el Cubano (a park in Trinidad, Cuba, that’s renowned for picturesque waterfalls) and stayed with host families in multiple Cuban towns. To Olivia Veale, 16, of Springfield, Vt., one memorable time was when she was staying with woman in her 50s or 60s in Trinidad, and the two carried on a conversation about politics, entirely in Spanish. Olivia paraphrased the woman as saying that while she didn’t particularly care for Raul Castro’s current government (as compared to Fidel Castro), she generally preferred socialism over capitalism as an economic system. Rick Gordon, the director of the grade 7-12 independent school in Vermont, accompanied the students to Cuba and added that he also was able to converse frankly about politics with the Cubans he met. “(I met) a barber who said, ‘The Castros? They’re crooks!’ ” Gordon said, adding that his impression was that the Cuban government allows citizens “to do and say whatever you want … until you can’t.” Gordon also said that roughly two-thirds of the people he spoke to about the issue believe Raul Castro is going to keep his promise to step down as president of Cuba in 2018, but the word on the street was “most people said it doesn’t matter who’s the head (of the government); the system is never going to change.” But perhaps political cynicism doesn’t mean apathy. Elijah Alexander, 16, of Claremont remarked that he was impressed with “how happy the people were there,” even when they didn’t have much in the way of personal belongings, and suggested that Cuban culture values family and personal happiness over material success. Elijah added that he was surprised that the Museum of the Revolution preserved revolution-era bullet holes in the building, saying he thinks “The Smithsonian probably wouldn’t keep bullet holes in the wall.” For his part, Gordon elaborated on his observations about the scarcity of goods in Cuba; for instance, he went to a dry goods market in Havana that had less than 50 items — and some of them weren’t complementary. For instance, one could leave a Cuban market with “a can of tomatoes, a pair of underwear and a match.” He also noted that the school fundraises to make the trip possible for all of its students, many of whom come from low-income families. As for where The Compass School juniors head next, only time and a vote among the next crop of 11th-graders will tell. “Water, water everywhere/nor any drop to drink,” goes the The Rime of the Ancient Mariner. But when you think about quantities of water, are you as creative as Anna DuMond, 9? If one inch of rain fell on Keene, she noted, the runoff from the Wal-Mart parking lot alone would be able to fill a bathtub more than 4,000 times. Anna, a 4th-grader at Wheelock School in Keene, took first place in the 2017 New Hampshire Fourth Grade Water Science Fair, which coincided with the state Drinking Water Festival on May 10. It was held at the Recreation Center on Washington Street in Keene, and organized by the N.H. Drinking Water Coalition, which includes members Aaron Costa and Eric Swope, both of Keene’s Public Works Department. For context, 4th-graders at all Keene elementary schools participated in the science fair, as well as 4th-graders from Harrisville, Marlborough, Manchester and Westmoreland. Keene and Manchester also held city fairs with the top few projects from each of the schools; students like Anna had to place at those events, which were held in April, Swope said. Swope also said he’s always impressed at the level of complexity of the student projects, and added a few water-related jests in a news release about the event. “Though we were celebrating all things water, we also celebrated that the skies did NOT open up and douse us with the water that had been the weather pattern during the preceding days,” Swope wrote. Back to Anna’s project: She demonstrated how an aquifer works and also explained the environmental impact of runoff and impervious surfaces. For example, she explained, pavement, unlike gravel, is impervious, which means water can’t pass through. The effect is that the runoff (and pollutants) transfer quickly to nearby bodies of water. Anna’s presentation certainly impressed the judges, though she was also humble in victory. She expressed appreciation for her friend Maia Chretien’s project on osmosis; Maia, of Symonds School, took fourth place. Colleen Brophy, Anna’s mom, added that when she saw the other projects, she was impressed with their quality, realizing “it’s anybody’s game here.” As for Anna, she’s getting back to her studies. She said that her class’s science unit, which discussed surface tension and cohesion, has been completed, and they’re “studying Egypt now.” In a previous Quick Studies column, we featured the Extended Learning Opportunities (ELO) program at Hinsdale High School. Earlier this month, students in the program demonstrated what they learned this year as part of a school-wide event. On Wednesday, they’ll be giving back to their ELO supervisor, or mentor, during the Mentor Recognition Dinner, a catered event at the school, according to Karen Thompson, Hinsdale’s extended learning coordinator. An ELO can, for example, take the form of an internship, an apprenticeship or independent study, according to the N.H. Department of Education website. While she was certainly excited for the students’ learning demonstrations, Thompson said she’s also looking forward to the dinner. “Each student spends time thanking their mentors for their learning experience and shares how the experience has helped shape their lives. It is my favorite night of the year,” Thompson said. In the near future, local college students will be able to converse with international scholars on topics of Holocaust and genocide studies. Keene State College is welcoming international genocide scholars to campus as part of a joint initiative with the Auschwitz Institute for Peace and Reconciliation. Keene State hosts the Cohen Center for Holocaust and Genocide Studies and also offers a bachelor’s degree in Holocaust and Genocide Studies. Every fall semester, starting with this upcoming one, Keene State will host one fellow as part of the program. As part of the arrangement, the visiting scholar will live on campus, have a meal plan, and is eligible to enroll in two full classes (and audit as many as they like), all with a full waiver of tuition and fees. The first scholar to arrive in Keene as part of the program is Hikmet Karcic, a Ph.D. candidate at the International University of Sarajevo, Bosnia-Herzegovina, and a researcher at the Institute for Islamic Tradition of Bosniaks. His research focuses on mass atrocities that have occurred in the Balkans, especially those committed during the Bosnian War (1992-95), according to a news release from the college. Bosniaks are a Muslim-majority nation and ethnic group that live mostly in Bosnia-Herzegovina; during the Bosnian War, which occurred during the breakup of the former Yugoslavia, they were targeted for genocide by units of the Bosnian Serb Army of Republika Srpska. Isaac Stein can be reached at 352-1234, extension 1435, or Istein@keenesentinel.com. Follow him on Twitter @ISteinKS Contact Isaac Email him at istein@keenesentinel.com Latest e-Edition Keene Sentinel To view our latest e-Edition click the image on the left. Connect with Us sentinelsource.com 60 West Street Keene, NH 03431 Phone: 603-352-1234 Email: webmaster@keenesentinel.com Services Login About Us Contact Us Advertising Rates Place an Ad Subscription Services Submit News Sections The Keene Sentinel News Sports Opinion Out & About Obituaries Publications Subscriptions Classifieds © Copyright 2017 SentinelSource.com, 60 West Street Keene, NH | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
NorthEscambia.com News for Molino, Bratt, Walnut Hill McDavid, Century & Cantonment     Home News Events Features Blog Sports About Contact Advertise Free Classifieds | Obituaries | Latest Headlines Alligator Sightings Close Krul Lake To Swimming Northview High School Class Of 2017 Graduates Winning $78K Fantasy Five Ticket Sold In Century NOAA: Above-Normal Hurricane Season This Year Ag Department Data Breach: Social Security Numbers, Concealed Weapons Info Stolen UF/IFAS: How To Freeze Strawberries Gandy Scholarship Winners Announced Florida Gov’t Weekly Roundup: The Ripple Effect Wahoos Top Mississippi Braves 4-2 To Take Series Video: Replay School Graduations Florida Gov’t Weekly Roundup: The Ripple Effect May 28, 2017 The end of the legislative session each spring is rarely the end of the story. The ripples from the fall of the final gavel keep traveling for weeks, either in the form of bills that make their way to the governor’s desk, or things left undone. Both of those kinds of consequences led to disappointment or confusion in two substance-related industries that backers paint as trying to move forward. Big-box retailers that supported the right to sell liquor alongside groceries saw their efforts rebuffed by Gov. Rick Scott, who vetoed a hard-fought measure aimed at tearing down the state’s “liquor wall.” Meanwhile, disputes continued over the state’s medical-marijuana market, a reminder that the system of nurseries is just as much of a business as corner drug stores, even if the legal footing for the latter is firmer in the eyes of federal officials. And with plenty of uncertainty about just how final the Legislature’s decision on the state’s annual spending plan will be, one departing state official announced he would stay on the job a bit longer — even as the churn of agency heads continued. POUR ONE OUT FOR THE LIQUOR WALL BILL After hours of debate and House approval that rested on a dubious one-vote margin, there was no final victory toast for those who supported getting rid of a decades-old law requiring hard spirits to be sold in separate facilities from groceries and other retail goods. Scott might be a Republican, but he saw no reason to tear down this wall. In typical Scott fashion, he attributed the decision to one thing: jobs, and specifically those that small-business owners said would be lost if the bill was approved. The veto was a victory for independent liquor-store owners, ABC Fine Wine & Spirits and Publix Super Markets, which fought the bill during the legislative session that ended May 8. “I carefully reviewed this bill and I have met with stakeholders on both sides,” Scott said. “I listened closely to what they had to say and I understand that both positions have merit. Nevertheless, I have heard concerns as to how this bill could affect many small businesses across Florida. I was a small business owner and many locally owned businesses have told me how this bill will impact their families and their ability to create jobs.” Left to cry in their beers — which, along with wine, can already be sold in big-box stores — were supporters of the proposal (SB 106) like Target, Costco and Walmart. They had banked on a free-market and convenience argument that came up short, even as the bill got closer to becoming law than it has in earlier attempts. “We have made tremendous progress in the last four years, and there is a clear momentum in Florida for this common-sense approach to liquor sales,” said Michael Williams, a spokesman for the group Floridians for Fair Business Practices, which supported the repeal. “While Governor Scott ultimately chose to veto Senate Bill 106, we look forward to working with state leaders in the future to finally put an end to this outdated, Prohibition-era law.” It was Scott’s first veto of the year, but if the Tallahassee rumor and speculation mill is to be believed, it probably won’t be his last. The governor also gave approval to some big-ticket or even medium-sized items this week. He signed a tax-cut package that was much smaller than the one he requested but includes some consumer-friendly items like tax-free holidays for back-to-school shopping and hurricane gear and a repeal of the “tampon tax.” “Since I’ve been in office, I’ve fought to cut taxes and reduce burdensome regulations to help boost Florida’s economy and ensure our children and grandchildren have the opportunity to succeed in our great state,” Scott said in a prepared statement. “Every time we cut taxes, we are encouraging businesses of all sizes to create opportunities for families across the state, and more money is put back in taxpayers’ pockets.” The savings are projected to reach $180 million over two years due to some permanent cuts. Scott had requested $618.4 million in cuts before the legislative session, and an initial House package approached $300 million. But the package was scaled back substantially as the House and Senate negotiated a budget for the fiscal year that starts July 1. Business groups also got some goodies, including a reduction in the commercial lease tax from 6 percent to 5.8 percent. That’s projected to save businesses $25.4 million next fiscal year, with that total growing to $61 million when the cut is in effect for a full year. Business groups have long argued that the state should repeal the tax, and Scott had asked for the lease tax to be dropped to 4.5 percent. “The most significant steps are often the first ones we take on an issue, and this cut opens the door for future reductions of this burdensome tax,” said Maria Wells, Florida Realtors president, in a release following the signing of the tax-cut package. Scott also signed a bill establishing state criminal charges for engaging in or supporting terrorism or terrorist activities that result in death or injuries, and legislation authorizing the payment of $3.75 million in the child-abuse case that resulted in the death of Nubia Barahona. Lawmakers said the Florida Department of Children and Families failed to prevent abuse of Nubia and her twin brother, Victor. Nubia Barahona’s decomposing body was found in February 2011 in the bed of her adoptive father’s pickup truck. Victor Barahona was convulsing in the truck, as both children had been doused with toxic chemicals, authorities said. MONEY-JUANA Lawmakers might not have passed a measure during the session to implement the constitutional amendment allowing full-fledged medical marijuana that voters approved last year, but the nascent ganja industry keeps rolling. In a long-awaited decision, an administrative law judge Tuesday called for the state to issue two new licenses to medical marijuana operators, saying competing businesses — which lost out to another operator selected by Florida health officials in 2015 — were virtually tied. Administrative Law Judge John Van Laningham’s recommended order came months after a hearing in the matter and long after he decided that the winning licensee, Alpha Foliage, known as Surterra Therapeutics, should have been ineligible to apply for a license because of changes in ownership. Van Laningham’s order could boost from seven to nine the number of operators licensed by the state to grow, process and distribute marijuana and derivative products to patients. Licenses have been awarded in five different regions of the state. On Tuesday, Van Laningham recommended that the Department of Health issue new licenses to Tornello Landscape, also known as “3 Boys Farm,” and Plants of Ruskin. The two nurseries, both based in Ruskin, challenged health officials’ decision to issue a “dispensing organization” license in the Southwest Florida region to Surterra. Under administrative law, Van Laningham’s recommended order will have to go back to the department for final action. If the agency decides not to authorize two licenses, then 3 Boys should win because it received the highest score, “if only by a mathematically insignificant margin,” Van Laningham wrote. Whether the agency will issue two new licenses is questionable; state officials have maintained in the past that current state law restricts the Department of Health to granting only one new license in each of the state’s five regions, based on administrative or court rulings. The challenges are rooted in a 2014 law that initially called for one license to be awarded in each region of the state for nurseries to grow, process and distribute medical marijuana. That law allowed limited types of non-euphoric cannabis for some patients and was expanded last year to allow full-strength pot for people who are terminally ill. But the already coveted licenses are even more desirable after the passage in November of a constitutional amendment that legalized medical marijuana for a broad swath of patients with debilitating conditions. Under every scenario envisioned thus far, the current license holders will automatically be eligible to grow and sell pot products for an exponentially larger patient base in Florida, which experts predict could quickly become one of the nation’s biggest markets. SOMEONE OLD, SOMEONE NEW Departing Chief Financial Officer Jeff Atwater knows what he’s going to do next. When he’s going to do it is still up in the air. When he originally announced that he would step down to take a job at Florida Atlantic University, Atwater said he would leave at the end of the legislative session, which came on May 8. The week before that, he released a farewell letter. But Atwater said this week he’s waiting until action on the budget wraps up. “We had a responsibility, when we said to finish session, maybe I should have been more clear about that, that all the work is completed, and not put it in the hands of someone who will be coming in for just a couple of days, to try to learn the systems and get it uploaded to start the fiscal year,” Atwater said. “Hopefully, it comes in for a landing soon.” Atwater said Florida Atlantic University officials are “being very patient” and made clear he expects to switch jobs before the start of the school year. “Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes, absolutely,” he said. Atwater was on hand for the meeting Tuesday of Scott and the Cabinet, where Noah Valenstein was named as Florida’s next environmental secretary. Valenstein, a former Scott aide who is executive director of the Suwannee River Water Management District, will take over at the Department of Environmental Protection on June 5. Unlike most agency heads who answer only to the governor, the secretary of the Department of Environmental Protection falls under Scott and the Cabinet. Valenstein said after the meeting he wants to bring the “philosophy I’ve had at Suwannee River” to the state department. “The issues are the same everywhere,” said Valenstein, who grew up in Alachua County. “All Floridians care about the environment, it’s the underpinning of what makes the state such a great place to live.” Environmental groups, who haven’t always seen eye-to-eye with Scott and other Republicans, seemed optimistic. Anna Upton, outside general counsel for the Everglades Foundation, said she expects Valenstein to do well because of his background with environmental law and the inner workings of state agencies. “He understands that people come to the state of Florida for our beaches, for our springs, for our national parks, our state parks, and of course the Everglades,” Upton said. STORY OF THE WEEK: Gov. Rick Scott vetoed hard-fought legislation that would have torn down the state’s “liquor wall,” a defeat for retailers that had hoped to sell hard spirits alongside groceries and other goods. QUOTE OF THE WEEK: “Walmart has a competitive edge. They buy in such large quantities, that there is no way the person with two or three liquor stores can compete with them price-wise.”— Mike Doolan, a manager at Market Square Liquors in Tallahassee, arguing against the “liquor wall” repeal. by Brandon Larrabee, The News Service of Florida Comments Name (required) Email Address (will not be published) (required) Website (enter your own site, if any; not northescambia.com) Your Comments: Have a comment on this story? We welcome your comments on this story, but there are some rules to follow:: (1) Be Nice. No comments that slander another, no racism, no sexism, no personal attacks. (2) No Harrassing Comments. If someone says something bad about you, don't respond. That's childish. (3) No Libel. That's saying something is not true about someone. Don't do it. (4) Keep it clean. Nothing vulgar, obscene or sexually related. No profanity or obvious substitutions. Period. (5) NorthEscambia.com reserves the right to remove any comments that violate our rules or we think to be inappropriate. We are not responsible for what is posted. Comments may not appear right away until they are approved by a moderator. (6) Limit your comments to the subject in this story only, and limit comments to 300 words or less. Do not post copyrighted material. Comments will not be added to stories that are over 30 days old. (7) No posts may advertise a commercial business or political group, or link to another commercial web site or political site of any kind. Written by William · Filed Under News    Copyright © 2007-2017 NorthEscambia.com · P.O. Box 105 · Walnut Hill, FL 32568 · All Rights Reserved.
Utah woman locked kids in trunk while she shopped, police say - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Utah woman locked kids in trunk while she shopped, police say Posted: Sunday, May 28, 2017 4:10 AM EDT Updated: Sunday, May 28, 2017 9:10 AM EDT Tori Lee Castillo, 39, is facing child abuse allegations after she locked her two children in the trunk of her car while she shopped at a Walmart in Utah. By Faith Karimi CNN (CNN) -- A woman is facing child abuse allegations after she locked her two children in the trunk of her car while she shopped at a Walmart in Utah, police say. Tori Lee Castillo, 39, was arrested after she returned to the car. Her children, ages 2 and 5, were taken by the Division of Child and Family Services and handed over to a responsible party, Riverdale City Police Department said in a statement. Police said they received a call Thursday after a witness saw the woman stuff the children in the trunk and leave her car at a parking lot. "The small children ... began making noise and moving frantically, causing the vehicle to shake," police said. "Several good Samaritans observed this and came to the aid of the children." Bystanders instructed the 5-year-old on how to open the trunk using the emergency latch in it, authorities say. Charity Maw told CNN affiliate KTVX that she was in the parking lot when she heard pounding from inside the trunk. When the children were finally freed, they were crying, she said. "I was shocked, I was shaken, and I was mad," Maw told the affiliate. "And there's two kids there, tears coming down their face. Bawling. They were scared." CNN's Joe Sutton contributed to this report TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, June 04, 2017, 11:17 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / From shelves to facility: Pair build a food pantry By Cary Jenkins This article was published May 28, 2017 at 2:39 a.m. PHOTO BY CARY JENKINS Part of the charm of New Hope Outreach Food Pantry is the home-like atmosphere created with the help of volunteers including the fireplace behind Tim and Linda Jordan. In addition to it being a place for clients to wait, the space has been used for community programs including movie night and a community Christmas. Comments aAFont Size When Tim and Linda Jordan were given the Arkansas Hunger Relief Alliance’s Out Against Hunger Award a few years ago, the nomination letter by Lynn Sud... Point Cedar is a tiny community -- not much more than a spot in the road -- in Hot Spring County. An aging population, lack of jobs and a stagnant local economy have had an impact on the area. When Tim and Linda Jordan were given the Arkansas Hunger Relief Alliance’s Out Against Hunger Award a few years ago, the nomination letter by Lynn Sud... This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: From shelves to facility: Pair build a food pantry Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Lip sync battle boosts heart health Local notes Ask a Master Gardener Francis Clark Trim From shelves to facility: Pair build a food p... Red letter day She was smitten from his first swig of her so... Pleats make subtle comeback to redress lanky-... Villains with heart Comments on: From shelves to facility: Pair build a food pantry To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 'Executive privilege' to quiet Comey called an option (29 comments) Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (31 comments) 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack (6 comments) Pulled from reality (4 comments) 2 leaders affirm climate pledges (2 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (35 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
St George News 91 103/71 Mon 100/71 Tue 100/71 Police: Woman locks her kids in trunk while shopping at Wal-Mart Written by Joseph Witham May 27, 2017 Stock image, St. George News ST. GEORGE — A 39-year-old woman was arrested in Riverdale, Utah, after she allegedly locked her two young children in the trunk of her car while she went inside a Wal-Mart store to shop. Witnesses heard the children ages 2 and 5 making noise and saw the car shaking, got the older child to pull the emergency latch and called 911, Riverdale Police said. The woman, Tori Lee Castillo, was jailed on suspicion of child abuse after being arrested Thursday evening when she returned to the car. The state child welfare was contacted and the children were turned over to a responsible party, Riverdale Police Lt. Casey Warren said. Read more: What to do if you spot people, pets inside a deadly hot car Castillo was charged with four counts of child abuse and held on $4,000 bond. She was also charged with one count of retail theft. This report is based on preliminary information provided by law enforcement and may not contain the full scope of findings. Persons arrested or charged are presumed innocent until found guilty in a court of law or as otherwise decided by a trier-of-fact. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Email: jwitham@stgnews.com Twitter: @STGnews Copyright St. George News, SaintGeorgeUtah.com LLC, 2017, all rights reserved. Related Stories Baby left in hot car for 2.5 hours flown to hospital in critical condition 13 What to do if you spot people, pets inside a deadly hot car 12 Death of Texas autistic child in hot car raises national toll to 15 for 2015 2 New car seat design helps prevent children from being left in hot cars 8 Free News Delivery by Email Would you like to have the day's news stories delivered right to your inbox every evening? Enter your email below to start! About the Author Joseph Witham is a Utah Valley University graduate with a bachelor's degree in communication. He loves the Utah outdoors scene and is likely to be found camping or hiking in any one of the state's epic landscapes on a given weekend. He is equally passionate about writing and was published in various news media, including The Daily Herald in Utah County, before joining St. George News. Posted in Local, NewsTagged cedar city, child abuse, child left in car, Class C misdemeanor, kids in trunk, Riverdale, Tori Lee Castillo, Wal-Mart, Weber County Sheriff's Office 2 Comments 42214 May 28, 2017 at 8:06 pm Log in to Reply The bad part of the story is she should not have locked the kids in the trunk, the good news is there were 2 less scraming kids raising cane in Walmart disrupting the peace and quiet of innocent shoppers. Now go ahead and pile on using your secret monikers like Voice of Reason but you gotta admit I make a good point. SteveSGU May 29, 2017 at 3:17 pm Log in to Reply Children locked in like that can die. D-E-A-D. Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. New   See Local Sale Circulars St George News Facebook Google+ Twitter Youtube Subscribe to RSS Submit News Advertise With Us Contact Us Employment About Us | Archives | Editorial Policy | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Copyright © 2010 - 2017 StGeorgeUtah.com LLC, all rights reserved News Sports Local Experts Coupons Arrests Obituaries Autos Classifieds No Filter Calendar Dining Movies Jobs Hotels Golf News Menu News Series Arrests Obituaries Events Lifestyle Health and Wellness Opinion / Shows Sports Announcements Local National Business Financial Politics Utah Legislature 2017 General Election 2016 St. George Crashes Series Days Series Road Respect Series Zion National Park Traffic Jam Series Thanksgiving Arrests Most Wanted Arts & Entertainment Events Explore Health & Wellness Health and Wellness Directory Education Home and Garden Health and Wellness Articles Local Experts Health and Wellness Directory Columnists Letters to the Editor No Filter Show TGIF Show Film Fanatics Sponsored Content Top Sports Stories DSU Region 9 Round Table Red Storm Round Table St. George News Live Video High School Sports Dixie High Desert Hills Pine View Snow Canyon Hurricane Enterprise Dixie Rebels Submit Your Own See All Announcements Anniversaries Animals Arts and Entertainment Books Business Community service Education, achievement Events Fundraisers Garage Sales and such Health Jobs Politics Meet Ups Military Announcements Religious Scholarships and grants School functions Shopping Sports and Recreation Weddings Writers Sports Menu Top Sports Stories Live / Sports Video High School Stats DSU Dixie High Desert Hills Pine View Snow Canyon Hurricane Enterprise Dixie Rebels Region 9 Round Table Red Storm Round Table Local Experts Menu Ask a Local Expert Coupons Menu Weekly Sale Circulars Local Coupons Arrests Menu Recent Arrests Most Wanted Obituaries Menu View Obituaries Autos Menu Auto Classifieds Classifieds Menu Classifieds Autos Jobs Outdoors and Sporting Pets and Livestock Recreational Vehicles Yard Sales Submissions New Classified New Auto No-Filter Menu The No Filter Show Calendar Menu Upcoming Events Submit Event Dining Menu Dining Movies Menu All Theaters Pineview Stadium 10 St George Stadium 8 Main Street Jobs Menu Jobs Hotels Menu Area Lodging Golf Menu Golf In St George Utah X Free News Delivery by Email Would you like to have the day's news stories delivered right to your inbox every evening? Enter your email below to start! No Thanks
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 74° F Clear Wind NE at 2 MPH Pressure 1008 MB Dewpoint 35° F Visibility 9 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE Blotter, May 28, 2017 By Staff Sunday, May 28, 2017 Authorities seek suspect in stolen debit card case Crime Stoppers of Mesa County hopes someone recognizes a man accused of using a stolen debit card last year. On Nov. 30, 2016, video cameras at Walmart, 2881 North Ave., caught a man entering a victim’s debit card number to purchase items. He’s described as having long dark hair, and wearing glasses and a blue button-up long-sleeve shirt. Total estimated property loss is more than $800. Anyone with information is asked to call 241-7867. Tips can be left anonymously, and could lead to a reward if an arrest is made in the case. More information can be found at 241STOP.com.   According to the Mesa County Sheriff’s Office: ■ Someone stole property from the 500 block of 32 1/2 Road on May 1. ■ Deputies took a report of theft in the 2800 block of Caboose Avenue on Tuesday.   According to the Garfield County Sheriff’s Office: ■ Abran Gutierrez, 21, Rifle, is accused of drug possession and distribution on Wednesday. COMMENTS TOP JOBS Qi Accreditation And Compliance Manager, Rn Home Health - Ft Or Pt QI Accreditation and Compliance ManagerUtilize knowledge of health pl... Sales & Customer Service Rep Garage Flooring LLC.is seeking aSales &Customer Service Rep Interior Installer & Upholstery Tech Interior Installer &Upholstery Tech Full time w/benefitsD... Accounting/human Resource Manager ACCOUNTING/HUMANRESOURCE MANAGERDuties: Full-time posi... Project Analyst / Scheduler Grand Junction, COThe Project Analyst/ Scheduler would (u... Registered Nurses Find Your Life's Work at HopeWestImmediate Openings for Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2017 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 79° Full Menu 79° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:07 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 6.5 Pause 1:12 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 6.4 1:31 Miracle League hosts Baseball and Beyond event 1:41 Participants dance at Baseball and Beyond with the Miracle League 1:13 New Horry County Racepath Community Center months away, but leaders not giving up hope 0:12 Police respond to possible shooting in Myrtle Beach 1:01 Local shelter struggles to care for large intake of kittens 1:16 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 5.31 1:26 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 5.30 1:01 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 5.29 Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Traffic could barely move on Kings Highway as locals and tourists were aggravated with the traffic patterns and the loop created for Memorial Weekend Bikefest on Saturday. Janet Blackmon Morgan jblackmon@thesunnews.com Traffic could barely move on Kings Highway as locals and tourists were aggravated with the traffic patterns and the loop created for Memorial Weekend Bikefest on Saturday. Janet Blackmon Morgan jblackmon@thesunnews.com Local May 27, 2017 11:23 PM Side streets take drivers nowhere on Kings Highway, Ocean Boulevard By Emily Weaver eweaver@thesunnews.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Traffic was jamming on South Kings Highway on Saturday with passengers of cars, souped-up mo-peds and tricked-out motorcycles dancing to tunes as they crept northward at a snail’s pace. It took Cindy Goodwin’s neighbor an hour and 17 minutes to make a two-block trek to Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market at 17th Avenue South and Kings Highway, Goodwin said outside her 15th Avenue apartment. Goodwin made the same journey in 30 minutes, she said, but only because she avoided Kings Highway by navigating alleyways and parking lots. “I’ve never seen it like this — ever,” Goodwin said. “And it’s going to be like this until Monday!” The heavy traffic congestion on the northbound lanes of South Kings Highway was compounded by the one-way only traffic on Ocean Boulevard and the closure of most side streets leading to it along with a barricaded Yaupon Avenue. Bikers and motorists in attempts to escape the slow-to-no-go traffic on Kings Highway ventured down the side streets anyway, only to be turned around. “All these cars and motorcycles will come zipping down here, thinking they’re going to get on Ocean Boulevard, they get to that little hill right there and they all turn around,” Goodwin said. The southbound-only traffic on the boulevard and the metal barricades, blocking street accesses, were up Friday and will remain up through Monday, adding to congestion through the weekend. “People that have brought their families down here for vacation, Memorial holiday, they’ll never come back,” Goodwin said. Tru Legendz, a club of bikers out of Fayetteville, N.C., rolled into a parking garage of a south-end hotel around 7 p.m., gearing up for a night of vacation fun. But the roadway congestion and the nightly 23-mile traffic loop puts a damper on the good times, they said. “The loop is kind of killing the fun for us,” said Kenneth Maxson, who’s been making the annual trek to Myrtle Beach with the 4-year-old club for two years now. “I understand they’re trying to control the traffic and make sure the locals are not stuck out in traffic and everything, but for us, if we get caught in the loop and we’re trying to get back here, it takes anywhere from three to four hours just to get back here because there’s so much traffic and so much congestion.” And stalled traffic is bad news for a motorcycle’s engine. “It’s not good for the bikes because the engines start running hot. If you let it run too hot, it will blow your engine,” Maxson said. “So what we usually do, once we hear our fans kick on, we’ll just cut the whole bike off and then we have to walk it down whatever road we’re on … until it cools down or until it opens up fast enough for us to get air to the engine.” Maxson says his club does a lot of community service projects and that Tru Legendz comes to Myrtle Beach to have a good time and mingle with other bikers. They don’t come to cause drama, he said. “I know some people come out here and cause trouble, but I think the people that’s coming out here to have a good time, we shouldn’t be punished for the troublemakers,” Maxson said. “It feels like that’s what they’re doing. They’re punishing everybody for the actions of a few.” Traffic-inspired headaches exist for visitors and residents alike. But some passengers made the most of it, jamming on tunes in the traffic jam, hours before the loop would bring more delays. Kings Highway is at a standstill in Myrtle Beach for the annual Memorial Day Bikefest on Saturday. Janet Blackmon Morgan jblackmon@thesunnews.com Kings Highway is at a standstill in Myrtle Beach for the annual Memorial Day Bikefest on Saturday. Janet Blackmon Morgan jblackmon@thesunnews.com Folks fill empty parking lots for a break from the Kings Highway traffic in Myrtle Beach for the annual Memorial Day Bikefest on Saturday. Janet Blackmon Morgan jblackmon@thesunnews.com 1 of 3 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:07 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 6.5 Pause 1:12 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 6.4 1:31 Miracle League hosts Baseball and Beyond event 1:41 Participants dance at Baseball and Beyond with the Miracle League 1:13 New Horry County Racepath Community Center months away, but leaders not giving up hope 0:12 Police respond to possible shooting in Myrtle Beach 1:01 Local shelter struggles to care for large intake of kittens 1:16 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 5.31 1:26 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 5.30 1:01 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 5.29 Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 6.5 1:07 2 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 6.5 1:12 a day ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 6.4 1:31 2 days ago Miracle League hosts Baseball and Beyond event View More Video Local Myrtle Beach weather forecast for June 5 Police found them sleeping in a car at the landing. They also found a mobile meth lab They were waiting to begin work when a man ran up to them with a gun, they said Surveillance footage shows burglar sneaking in for lobsters and liquor Police investigating possible meth lab in car at landing Local Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 04:17 GMT, Jun 05, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More Qatar kicked out of Saudi-led coalition bombing Yemen over alleged support for ISIS & Al-Qaeda HomeAmerica Woman locked kids in car trunk and went shopping – police Published time: 28 May, 2017 03:12 Edited time: 28 May, 2017 08:27 Get short URL © Robyn Beck / AFP A woman in Utah has been arrested on suspicion of child abuse after witnesses reported to police that she locked her two kids in her car’s trunk at a Walmart parking lot and went shopping. Tori Lee Castillo, 39, was arrested Thursday evening in a suspected case of child abuse, AP reports citing the Riverdale Police Department. Eyewitnesses told officers that the woman locked her two children – aged 2 and 5 – in the trunk of her car before going to the local Walmart to shop. They heard the kids scratching and making other noises inside the car and guided them to reach for an emergency latch to free themselves. Police: Utah woman locked her kids in trunk while she shopped https://t.co/c3hKBRu7M4— Supra1BqTeam (@supra1Bqteam) May 27, 2017 The police were called to the scene and arrested the careless woman on her return to the parking lot. She remains in custody while her children have been taken away by social workers and handed over to a responsible party. The reasons behind the woman’s actions remained unknown. READ MORE: Baby rescued from boiling hot car as mother auditions at strip club The bizarre incident with a fortunate ending, stands out among many similar cases where parents often “forget” their children and lock them inside their cars, but rarely deliberately put them in the trunk. READ MORE: Israeli baby dies after mother drives her to daycare but forgets her in hot car Besides being a criminal offense in some states, locking children in cars is potentially fatal as they can suffocate or die of heat stroke if the vehicle is left in the sun. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
SUBSCRIBE NOW$.56 a week Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 8 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Police: Utah woman locked kids in trunk while shopping A 39-year-old Utah woman has been arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in her car’s trunk Post to Facebook Police: Utah woman locked kids in trunk while shopping A 39-year-old Utah woman has been arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in her car’s trunk  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2rakICL {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 8 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Police: Utah woman locked kids in trunk while shopping Associated Press 6:26 p.m. ET May 27, 2017 This Thursday, May 25, 2017 booking photo released by the Weber County Sheriff's Office shows Tori Lee Castillo, 39. The Utah woman was arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in her car's trunk while she went inside a Wal-Mart store to shop. (Photo: Uncredited / AP) 8 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE Riverdale, Utah — A 39-year-old Utah woman has been arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in her car’s trunk while she went inside a Wal-Mart store to shop. Riverdale police say witnesses heard the children ages 2 and 5 making noise and saw the car shaking, got the older child to pull the emergency latch and called 911. Tori Lee Castillo remains jailed on suspicion of child abuse after being arrested Thursday evening when she returned to the car. Police Lt. Casey Warren says the state child welfare was contacted and the children were turned over to a responsible party. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2rakICL TOP VIDEOS 100th anniversary of Salvation Army Donut Girls 2:06 Impressions of Thursday's Mackinac Policy Conference 7:53 U.S. labor secretary visits with Detroit workers 1:15 Water main break in Westland 0:25 Officer Rose's death inspires Thin Blue Line USA fundraisers 3:51 Impressions of Wednesday's Mackinac Conference 6:41 Artist Louise "Ouizi" Jones 3:25 Flyover of the Little Caesars Arena neighborhood 0:38 Spirit airlines unveils new maintenance hangar at DTW 1:24 Race car drivers Fittipaldi and Barbosa on Detroit 1:48
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Lions 2017 French Open Cricket Boxing Formula 1 Racing Other Sports WWE UFC Rugby League Golf AthleticsExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Loans Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited Home News UK News Child abuse News Mum arrested after 'locking her two children in the boot of car' as she went shopping Onlookers saw the children trying to shake the car from the boot  Share  Comments ByHelen Whitehouse 22:45, 27 MAY 2017 News Tori-Lee Castillo allegedly locked her two children in the boot  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email A woman has been accused of child abuse after leaving two young children in a locked car boot. Tori Castillo, 39, allegedly locked two children, aged two and five, in the boot of her car while she visited a Walmart. A witness told officers the children began "moving frantically, causing the vehicle to shake" before "several good Samaritans observed this and came to the aid of the children". One of the witnesses told the five-year-old to pull the emergency latch on the inside of the vehicle to release the door and the children were then freed from the vehicle, reports Gephardt Daily. Read More Popular schoolboy who died after cliff fall sent 'goodbye' message to friends moments before he plunged over edge The children were spotted outside Walmart in Riverdale, US Police then contacted Child and Family services and the children were put in the care of a responsible person. When Castillo, from Riverdale, Utah, US, returned to her vehicle she was interviewed by police and booked into Weber County Jail for investigation of child abuse. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @DailyMirror Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Hospitals Child abuse Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. News all Most Read Most Recent London Bridge terror attackMan flees London Bridge terror attack still holding pint of beer in his hand - and Brits couldn't be more proud The image has been shared thousands of times, with Brits defending it as using "our dark humour helping us to cope" LionsLions rescued from circus and flown to Africa to keep them 'safe' butchered in suspected witchcraft killing Male lions Jose and Liso were found with their heads severed and their paws hacked off for potions and charms London Bridge terror attackFirst police officer at London Bridge attack "was rugby player who took on all terrorists until forced to ground" A British Transport Police officer stabbed during the London terror incident took on the knifemen armed only with his baton, and has been praised for his bravery London Bridge terror attackLondon Bridge terrorist 'ringleader' was former Underground and KFC worker who tried to brainwash kids in local park The 27-year-old attacker, currently identified only as 'Abz', lived in Barking, East London with his wife and two young children London Bridge terror attackFirst victim of London Bridge massacre identified as "beautiful" Canadian bride-to-be Chrissy Archibald Chrissy, who used to work in a homeless shelter, was among seven people killed in the atrocity last night, her grieving family confirmed London Bridge terror attackFamily of London Bridge terrorist killed by police say 'we just want to grieve in peace' The 27-year-old attacker, currently identified only as 'Abz', lived in Barking, East London with his wife and two young children TerrorismSecurity barriers installed at London bridges after terror attack killed seven and injured 48 Many have questioned why barriers weren't installed after the Westminster attack General election pollsUK general election 2017 poll tracker: All the latest results as Conservatives battle Labour Polls are a crucial part of the election wallchart - even if they've got a bad rep. Here are the latest results and analysis of what it all means London Bridge terror attackSchoolboy feared he would die in terror attack and 'said goodbye to family and friends' Miles Clarke, 14, ran for his life as the three jihadis stormed the Black and Blue steakhouse in London Bridge London Bridge terror attack“It was like a horror show": Traumatised drinker sees woman stumble into pub with blood spurting from her neck Jeff Witsey, 54, saw the young woman stagger into the The Mudlark pub after having her throat cut by terrorists Most Read Most Recent WWEWWE Extreme Rules 2017 LIVE: Final card, results and updates Five men will battle for the right to face WWE Universal Champion Brock Lesnar Cristiano RonaldoCristiano Ronaldo celebrates Real Madrid Champions League triumph by getting BRUTAL new haircut The world's most famous footballer just shaved off all his hair. THIS IS NOT A DRILL, PEOPLE London Bridge terror attackMan flees London Bridge terror attack still holding pint of beer in his hand - and Brits couldn't be more proud The image has been shared thousands of times, with Brits defending it as using "our dark humour helping us to cope" LionsLions rescued from circus and flown to Africa to keep them 'safe' butchered in suspected witchcraft killing Male lions Jose and Liso were found with their heads severed and their paws hacked off for potions and charms Wayne RooneyWayne Rooney took Michael Carrick's testimonial VERY seriously - and got mocked mercilessly The Manchester United captain played like it was his final game at Old Trafford... Manchester United FCManchester United transfer news and rumours: Red Devils 'prepared to pay more than £100m for Gareth Bale' PLUS: Antoine Griezmann confirms he will stay at Atletico...for now Liverpool transfer newsLiverpool transfer news and rumours: Roma owner responds to Mohamed Salah reports PLUS: Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is ready to snub Liverpool to stay at Arsenal WWEWWE Extreme Rules 2017 results as five men fought to face Brock Lesnar Titles changed hands and a Fatal 5-Way match determined the new number one contender One Love ManchesterIs Ariana Grande engaged? Singer confuses fans with ring on finger as she's supported by boyfriend at One Love Manchester Ariana, 23, and boyfriend Mac Miller performed together but the huge sparkler on her finger sent speculation into overdrive 3amOne Love Concert - Manchester Top Stories London Bridge terror attackFamily of London Bridge terrorist killed by police say 'we just want to grieve in peace' The 27-year-old attacker, currently identified only as 'Abz', lived in Barking, East London with his wife and two young children One Love ManchesterThe song that made Arianna cry: Star weeps as she closes One Love concert with Somewhere Over The Rainbow It was an emotional performance London Bridge terror attackLondon Bridge hero who used martial arts skills to tackle terrorists cannot speak after being stabbed in the neck Geoff Ho, a business editor with the Sunday Express, is in intensive care after confronting the terrorists in a bid to save strangers' lives London Bridge terror attack'This is for my family, this is for Islam': Mum relives terrorists' cry before 'putting knife into her son' Daniel O'Neill was one of the scores of people attacked by three terrorists in the London Bridge area last night London Bridge terror attack“It was like a horror show": Traumatised drinker sees woman stumble into pub with blood spurting from her neck Jeff Witsey, 54, saw the young woman stagger into the The Mudlark pub after having her throat cut by terrorists TerrorismSecurity barriers installed at London bridges after terror attack killed seven and injured 48 Many have questioned why barriers weren't installed after the Westminster attack London Bridge terror attackSchoolboy feared he would die in terror attack and 'said goodbye to family and friends' Miles Clarke, 14, ran for his life as the three jihadis stormed the Black and Blue steakhouse in London Bridge London Bridge terror attackISIS claim responsibility for London Bridge terror attack which left 7 dead and 48 injured Three killers mowed down pedestrians by driving a van at high speed along the kerb across London Bridge London Bridge terror attackBlue Thunder choppers and police 'gunships': Inside crack SAS operation during London Bridge terror attack The Dauphin helicopters, dubbed Blue Thunder, dropped off two teams of eight heavily armed special forces troops London Bridge terror attackChilling video shows London Bridge terrorists calmly hunting for victims The harrowing images show the murderous trio stride past the Market Porter pub ahead of the second part of their killing spree that left seven dead and 48 injured One Love ManchesterAriana Grande says emotional meeting with mum of girl killed in bombing changed One Love gig The star said she cried when she hugged Olivia's mum One Love ManchesterAriana's mum walked through One Love Manchester crowd telling fans "do not be afraid" She wanted to share her message with fans gathered at the tribute concert for victims of the Manchester attack London Bridge terror attackMan flees London Bridge terror attack still holding pint of beer in his hand - and Brits couldn't be more proud The image has been shared thousands of times, with Brits defending it as using "our dark humour helping us to cope" LionsLions rescued from circus and flown to Africa to keep them 'safe' butchered in suspected witchcraft killing Male lions Jose and Liso were found with their heads severed and their paws hacked off for potions and charms London Bridge terror attackFirst police officer at London Bridge attack "was rugby player who took on all terrorists until forced to ground" A British Transport Police officer stabbed during the London terror incident took on the knifemen armed only with his baton, and has been praised for his bravery London Bridge terror attackLondon Bridge terrorist 'ringleader' was former Underground and KFC worker who tried to brainwash kids in local park The 27-year-old attacker, currently identified only as 'Abz', lived in Barking, East London with his wife and two young children London Bridge terror attackFirst victim of London Bridge massacre identified as "beautiful" Canadian bride-to-be Chrissy Archibald Chrissy, who used to work in a homeless shelter, was among seven people killed in the atrocity last night, her grieving family confirmed London Bridge terror attackChilling video shows London Bridge terrorists brazenly walking into Borough Market hunting for victims after mowing down pedestrians The harrowing images show the murderous trio stride past the Market Porter pub ahead of the second part of their killing spree that left seven dead and 48 injured London Bridge terror attackDramatic footage captures moment armed police kill three London Bridge terrorists by firing 50 bullets at them The attackers killed seven people and injured 48, with 21 in a critical condition, by ploughing into pedestrians before abandoning the vehicle and stabbing bystanders on Saturday night London Bridge terror attackLondon Bridge hero who used martial arts skills to tackle terrorists cannot speak after being stabbed in the neck Geoff Ho, a business editor with the Sunday Express, is in intensive care after confronting the terrorists in a bid to save strangers' lives London Bridge terror attackLondon Bridge terror attack live: Canadian woman identified as first victim as ISIS claim responsibility for horror attack Three terrorists wearing fake suicide vests ploughed into pedestrians in a van before leaping out and knifing people at random London Bridge terror attackFamily of London Bridge terrorist killed by police say 'we just want to grieve in peace' The 27-year-old attacker, currently identified only as 'Abz', lived in Barking, East London with his wife and two young children London Bridge terror attackWhat is Blue Thunder? SAS crack troops dropped on London Bridge terror scene by super-nimble helicopters The Dauphin helicopters, dubbed Blue Thunder, dropped off two teams of eight heavily armed special forces troops London Bridge terror attack'This is for my family, this is for Islam': Mum describes terrorists' chilling cry before 'putting knife into her son' Daniel O'Neill was one of the scores of people attacked by three terrorists in the London Bridge area last night ArchaeologyAstonishing 3D face of 10,000-YEAR-OLD African caveman discovered in Brazil could settle historic debate The relic, nicknamed Apiuna, was found deep inside a cave in Brazil some 50 years ago, Mirror Online can exclusively reveal London Bridge terror attackWhy you shouldn't share these photos of 'missing' people from London terror attacks - and sick truth behind them Don't share anything until you're confident the source is trustworthy and their claim is legitimate London Bridge terror attackLondon Bridge terror attack 'was revenge for Love from Manchester message scrawled on RAF missile' ISIS supporters claimed "the wolves have awakened," asking "where is your great kingdom now?" London Bridge terror attackLondon Bridge terrorists shot dead in hail of 50 bullets as first victim identified and ISIS claims responsibility Police have made 12 arrests in connection with the attacks which injured 48 people, and 21 are in a critical condition London Bridge terror attack"He's a soldier": Dad-of-three 'stabbed four times' in London terror attack pictured lying in hospital bed after doctors saved his life Brett Freeman was stabbed four times during the murderous rampage which claimed the lives of seven people MurderPregnant celebrity chef and her husband run over, dismembered and burnt by handyman A TV star and her husband came to the rescue of a friend, but he repaid them with murder Harry PotterHarry Potter is 20 years old - and the boy wizard is worth a staggering £19billion JK Rowling's phenomenon brought us books, films and even a theme park - but what keeps muggles under his spell? London Bridge terror attackHero Romanian baker hit London Bridge terrorist over the head with crate before giving 20 terrified people shelter Florin Morariu was filmed helping a policeman to lead a stabbing victim to safety after terrorists went on a knife rampage in Borough Market News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Monday, June 5th, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sticky: ENTER OUR ANNUAL FATHER'S DAY CONTEST Game 2: Warriors 132, Cavaliers 113 (final) 10:46 p.m. Sun Yearly cost to hold one felon in prison soar... 11:59 a.m. Sun Cosby plans not to testify as his sex-assaul... 11:52 a.m. Sun OSU considers revising policy on benefits fo... 11:39 a.m. Sun Ohio braces for avalanche of marijuana-growi... 11:35 a.m. Sun More than 1,200 take part in first Youngstow... 11:35 a.m. Sun all posts   - Advertisement -   « News Home Summary of police activity in Canfield and Austintown | Print Tweet Published: Sat, May 27, 2017 @ 5:18 p.m. A summary of police activity in the city of Canfield and Austintown Township: CANFIELD May 11 Theft: Dana Landis, 53, W. Garfield Road, Salem, was indicted for theft after a report of jewelry missing from a residence in the 100 block of Garwood Drive. Suicidal statements: Police responded to a female making suicidal statements at the Mahoning County Carrer and Technial Center, 7300 N. Palmyra Road. She was transported to the hospital involuntarily. May 15 Suicidal statements: Police responded for a male making suicidal statements at a home on E. Main St., and he was ultimately transported to the hospital involuntarily. May 16 Breaking and entering: Stephen Hogan, 47, of Marmion Avenue, Youngstown was arrested for breaking and entering and theft after a break-in at a home in the 500 block of West Main Street. Money was reported missing. May 19 Drug abuse: Rodney Smith, 29, of Trumbull Avenue, Warren was arrested for drug abuse. Drug abuse: Mark DiGiacomo, 30, of North Edgehill Avenue, Austintown, was arrested for drug abuse and possession of drug paraphernalia. AUSTINTOWN May 15 Protection order: A protection order was violated when gifts were sent at a home in the 3000 block of Ayrshire Drive. Theft: Six Ohio State pictures were taken from the men’s restroom at Brunch Bowl Cafe, 31 N. Canfield-Niles Road. Theft: A television and a PlayStation were taken from a home in the 4000 block of Woodmere Drive. Sex offense: Emily Haggerty, 18, of Risher Road, Youngstown was issued a summons for public indecency after she and a juvenile male were found undressed in varying degrees in the back seat of a vehicle at Austintown Township Park, 6000 Kirk Road. Warrant: Jason Bova, 41, of Wilson St., Struthers, was arrested on a warrant for Violation of a Protection Order. May 16 Sex offense: Kathryn Unick, 27, of Meadowbrook Ave., Youngstown was arrested for soliciting and possession of criminal tools, for advertising massage services and possession of heroin. May 17 Criminal mischief: A message was written on a vehicle at a home in the 2000 block of South Raccoon Road. May 18 Warrant: Tina Scritchfield, 59, of Meridian Road was arrested on a warrant for inducing panic at Phoenix House, 850 Meridian Road. Breaking and entering: Tools were taken after a break-in at a home in the 700 block of Notre Dame Avenue. Theft: A handicapped placard was stolen from an auto while the window was down at Walmart, 6001 Mahoning Ave. Theft: Jeffrey Anglin, 22, of Shady Court, New Middletown was arrested for theft, accused of taking $134.32 worth of rib-eye steaks at Giant Eagle, 5220 Mahoning Ave. Theft: Jeffrey Shorter, 48, of W. Delason Ave., Youngstown was arrested, accused of taking $140.64 worth of steaks; and Sylvia Rogers, 57, of Braeden St., Youngstown was arrested for theft of $100.41 in shrimp merchandise at Giant Eagle. Theft: A wallet and its contents were stolen at Walmart. Recovered property: A check was recovered at Huntmere Ave. at Rosemont Ave. Aggravated menacing: Aggravated menacing was reported on social media at a home in the 50 block of N. Roanoke Ave. May 19 Criminal mischief: Sugar in a gas tank was reported at a home in the 4000 block of New Road. Theft: Two UPS packages from Amazon.com were stolen from a home in the 30 block of South Yorkshire Boulevard. Overdose: An overdose was reported at a home in the 4000 block of Warwick South and the victim was transported to St. Elizabeth Youngstown Hospital. May 20 Drug overdose: An overdose was reported at Shekinah Trimz, 1408 S. Raccoon Road and the patient was transported to St. Elizabeth. Theft: A debit card was stolen from the ATM machine at the bank and used to spend $239.56 in unauthorized charges at Chemical Bank, 101 S. Canfield-Niles Road. The owner was a woman from Griffith St., Youngstown. Theft: Earrings were reported stolen at Pilot Oil, 1150 N. Canfield-Niles Road. Warrant: Salvatore Mineo, 59, of New Road, was arrested on a warrant for criminal damaging or endangering. Drug offense: Milford Sponaugle, 56, of Mahoning Ave., was arrested for possession of crack cocaine and drug paraphernalia. Drug offense: Brandon Zikeli, 32, of Compass West was issued a summons for possession of drug paraphernalia and turned over to Youngstown for a warrant for failure to comply on a theft charge. May 21 Weapons offense: Eric Smith, 31, of West Hylda Avenue, Youngstown was arrested for improper handling of a firearm. Felonious assault: A house was shot up at a home in the 200 block of North Edgehill Avenue. Other stories of interest Police officer placed on unpaid leave after arraignment Two Trumbull County men indicted in theft of Army Humvee Man indicted on drug charges Thursday, arrested hours later on same charges Two more armed robberies brings Warren’s total to 10 in the past month Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
CBS News Logo News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log In CBSN CBS/AP May 27, 2017, 6:00 PM Mom locked kids in trunk while she shopped at Wal-Mart, police say Tori Lee Castillo Weber County Jail/AP Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email RIVERDALE, Utah -- A 39-year-old Utah woman has been arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in her car's trunk while she went inside a Wal-Mart store to shop. 56 Photos The month's most shocking crimes These are the types of criminal allegations that need to be seen to be believed Riverdale police say witnesses heard the children ages 2 and 5 making noise and saw the car shaking, got the older child to pull the emergency latch and called 911. "Several good Samaritans observed this and came to the aid of the children," Police Lt. Casey Warren told Deseret News in Utah. Why hot cars are so hazardous for kids Mom accused of leaving son alone in car overnight during snowstorm Tori Lee Castillo remains jailed on suspicion of child abuse after being arrested Thursday evening when she returned to the car. Warren says the state child welfare was contacted and the children were turned over to a responsible party.  © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in U.S. What the last Nuremberg prosecutor alive wants the world to know At 97, Ben Ferencz is the last Nuremberg prosecutor alive and he has a far-reaching message for today’s world Creighton killings: Was revenge the motive behind Omaha stabbing deaths? Two double murders five years apart in quiet Omaha neighborhoods -- the trail would lead police to a local hospital and an unlikely suspect Popular CBSN Live pop-out From 60 Minutes Gorilla Doctors Poisoned Chief of Chobani Poisoned again? What 60 Minutes learned about Russia's "love of poison" Chobani's chief taster Play Video London attack timeline Play Video London victims Play Video Terror arrests Play Video Manchester tribute concert Play Video Trump reacts to London Play Video Breaking fast with tacos Previous Next 21 Photos London Bridge terror attack 24 Photos 75 years ago: The Battle of Midway 28 Photos The art of Kerry James Marshall 26 Photos Anti-Trump protesters "March for Truth" 32 Photos Wonder Woman through the years Previous Next Most Discussed McCain weighs in on Kushner's reported request for Russia back channel Will U.S. exit from Paris agreement spur job growth? London Bridge terror attack -- live updates Trump pulls out of climate deal Ex-Trump adviser dodges questions on Russian meddling but maintains innocence New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Search Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Woman `locked her children in car boot´ while she shopped By Press Association Published: 16:33 EDT, 27 May 2017 | Updated: 16:33 EDT, 27 May 2017 e-mail A woman has been arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in the boot of her car while she went inside a Wal-Mart store to shop. Police in Riverdale, Utah, in the US, say witnesses heard the children, aged two and five, making a noise and saw the car shaking. They got the older child to pull the emergency latch and called for help. Tori Lee Castillo was arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in the boot of her car while she went inside a Wal-Mart store to shop (Uncredited/AP/Press A) Tori Lee Castillo, 39, is in custody on suspicion of child abuse after being arrested Thursday when she returned to the car. Police said welfare services were contacted and the children were turned over to a responsible party. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim said to her during Manchester concert PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Proud parents Sugar and spice: Rhian Sugden puts on a busty display in a candy cane swimsuit on holiday in Turkey as she gets intimate with fiancé Oliver Mellor Little Mix are criticised for their 'naked' stage outfits at family-friendly One Love benefit concert Divided opinion with their racy costumes Ariana Grande sparks engagement confusion with a rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at One Love Manchester 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologises to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her 'cracking voice'... after criticising her for jetting home following attack 'That was painful': Anthea Turner's ex-husband Grant Bovey told her he 'might' have stayed if they had been able to conceive together... despite FIVE failed bouts of IVF Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies  Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht in Cannes with Rod Stewart, 72 England ace Raheem Sterling arrives in Jamaica with the stunning model he whisked away 'while his girlfriend was left at home with their baby' Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA That'll get his attention Pregnant Charlotte Church shows off her mum-to-be figure in fishnets and knee-high boots as she hits the stage AGAIN in tiny pants Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at One Love concert in Manchester... but fans are left disappointed as brother Noel doesn't join for Oasis reunion 'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Heart-wrenching 'I was out of control': Louise Thompson flaunts her fit figure... as she reveals she's quit drinking for 'zen' life after 'jumping from one relationship to the next' 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Radiated glamour and celeb status 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Something for the ex-girlfriend? 'I missed my family and friends': Michelle Keegan cuts her 30th birthday cake as she's spoiled by Our Girl cast... while Mark Wright parties in Magaluf  What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Kendall, 21, went casual, Hailey smart Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig Braless pop star Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Joined Pharrell onstage Robbie Williams finally reunites with Take That onstage - but NOT for a song - as both acts take the stage at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester gig Will.i.am insists he MEANT to say hello to London at One Love gig as he hits back after awkwardly mistaking Manchester for the capital twice 'As a father, this has made me truly sad': Family man David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' Manchester as he sends video to One Love gig Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her The group took the stage to wow the crowd Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Put romance aside Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Snapped leaving a fitness facility  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Happy families Sophie Ellis-Sex-tor! Hitmaker dresses in uncharacteristically racy negligee to perform at Mighty Hoopla festival Murder On The Dancefloor singer Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards She wore a green and grey frock 'I'm not afraid': Ashley James heads to Might Hoopla festival in rock-chic attire... as she shares her defiance against London attack Bold display Louisa Johnson flashes her toned midriff in sporty cropped tee and TINY denim hotpants as she parties the day away at the Mighty Hoopla festival  Bra-vo: Fleur East steals show at London festival in very revealing red fishnet blouse and tartan kilt ensemble Former X Factor runner-up Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Cute twosome Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Strutted into Los Angeles International Airport  Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation 'I've been crying so much today': Pregnant Erin McNaught reveals her 'overwhelming deep sadness' after the London terror attacks Overwhelming sadness Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his bikini-clad girlfriend Vogue Williams lives it up in Marbella Time apart Coronation Street's Brooke Vincent indulges in a cigarette and a glass of rosé as she celebrates her 25th birthday with a knees-up in Manchester Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Out for a family day as a threesome Leggy Laura Whitmore looks festival-ready in a plunging blouse and tiny shorts at Mighty Hoopla event Dared to show off more skin Britain's got talent, but there wasn't much in the BGT final: Claudia Connell reviews last weekend's TV  Summed up Saturday night's lacklustre viewing 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car Plump pout Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Commanding attention Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe Reunited Dean Gaffney's, 39, girlfriend Rebekah Ward, 23, goes braless in a summer top as they head home from British Soap Awards after he teases his soap return Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Three kids Camden Jaxon and Saylor She has a sizzling Ora! Rita sends the temperature soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy beachwear shoot That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Real Housewives Of New York City star   Is that you, Seal? Sonia Kruger shares incredible flashback snap of the singer with dreadlocks before he shaved his head in 1994 Who's that guy? They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort on whirlwind honeymoon The one lesson I've learned from life: Singer Corinne Bailey Rae on why we should all help others more Grammy award-winning British singer Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Want their five-year-old daughter Blue Ivy there SPOILER ALERT: Jack Branning breaks down as he prepares to give up stepson Matthew to Charlie Cotton as EastEnders tease sad farewell Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' Rugby WAG Camilla Kerslake shows off her svelte figure in a pink and cream striped jumpsuit as she joins glamorous guests at restaurant event Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program Off-duty Lily Donaldson puts her feet up as she enjoys cocktails with a mystery male companion in Portofino A low key outing A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Family time Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City The 29-year-old strolled with a friend Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Attention-grabbing Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Third time's a charm? Dragon's Den star Duncan Bannatyne, 68, marries fiancee Nigora Whitehorn, 38, at intimate beach ceremony in Portugal Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving a restaurant Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals She takes time out for causes she believes in 'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' Staging a photo Yellow fever! Rhian Sugden puts on an eye-popping display in a tiny canary bikini in Turkey... and jokingly poses in belly dancing outfit with fiancé Oliver Mellor The morning after the night before: Make-up free Coronation Street star Lucy Fallon looks sheepish after looking worse for wear at British Soap Awards afterparty Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Delfin 'was one of the most charismatic designers in Spain' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Honorary degree They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Bright and beautiful  Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert in aid of Manchester terror attack victims Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Family outing New father Shayne Ward goes arm-in-arm with girlfriend Sophie Austin at British Soap Awards five months after birth of their baby New parents Jacqueline Jossa and Dan Osborne are glued to their phones inside British Soap Awards... but Catherine Tyldesley and Faye Brookes can't stop gossiping 'It's been a heartbreaking time': Coronation Street actress Catherine Tyldesley pays tribute to the Manchester bombing victims with symbolic bee clutch bag Love Island's Olivia Buckland threatens to spill out of her skimpy bikini top... as she packs on the PDA with fiancé Alex Bowen during getaway to Cape Verde Not her usual style! Nicole Kidman wears a mustard yellow sports jersey as she watches a hockey match with husband Keith Urban PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Raheem Sterling, 22, 'jetted off to Jamaica with model, 23, a day after taking teenage PC World worker back to his hotel after shisha bar date' Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Restaurant row Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage Tied the knot in 2013 Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas 'She has no idea how anyone got hold of them': Corrie's Kym Marsh 'upset and shocked after intimate photos were leaked online ahead of British Soap Awards triumph' 'We have spoken about it': Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has 'changed' him Bust have been a good night! Scott Disick cuddles up to a topless beauty as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Catherine Tyldesley leads eye-popping style in sizzling slinky floor-length gown alongside Nikki Sanderson and Stephanie Waring at the British Soap Awards Pianist Tokio Myers is crowned the winner of BGT after being inspired to enter by 'big sister' Amy Winehouse... as he beats child magician Issy Simpson in final 'Deeply uncomfortable viewing': BGT viewers are outraged by child comic Ned Woodman, 9, as he savages the judges and stars in action-packed final  'Is she getting married?' BGT's Amanda Holden shocks viewers AGAIN with bridal inspired gown as Alesha Dixon puts on a VERY leggy display 'The money has gone to her head': Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil' Looking bow-tiful: Ashley James puts on a leggy display in a monochrome mini dress at the British Soap Awards after party Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in Chelsea Geordie Shore star Marnie Simpson flashes her legs in a colourful minidress as she continues her book signing tour in Sheffield 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin in a series of tweets and insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in PAJAMAS Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off her plump pout as she strips off to flaunt her pert derriere during chilled out beach day in Barbados 'It's been incredible fun!' Thomas Cocquerel discusses playing the 'incredibly complex' Hollywood star Errol Flynn in new biopic Nothing but praise 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Emmerdale sweeps the board at the British Soap Awards 2017 with SIX gongs including Best Soap as EastEnders go home virtually empty handed 'I'm going home to my family': Katie Price looks shaken as she is escorted out of G-A-Y nightclub after cancelling performance in wake of London terror attack 'I don't give two ****s!' Defiant Tina Malone, 54, confirms surrogacy plans after revealing ambitions for third child... and she will CHOOSE the sex of baby Coronation star Lucy Fallon appears worse for wear following the British Soap Awards afterparty after losing out on Best Actress gong  Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Greg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs 'She was standing there and I fell in love with her': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife Richard Branson pays for hen party who were chucked off a flight because they were wearing 'B****es on tour' T-shirts to go on 'dream holiday' to Las Vegas David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out' their £5 million country estate... because 'the roof colours don't match' Princess Charlene exudes glamour in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for water bike challenge in Nice Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica Issy Simpson, eight, scolds Ant McPartlin after he gets the magician's name wrong during Britain's Got Talent final 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Lionel Richie's bassist Ethan Farmer 'hospitalised after he repeatedly stabbed himself following a horrific reaction to marijuana-filled snacks' Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Heavily pregnant Chelsee Healey cradles her baby bump in clingy scarlet jumpsuit as she rocks the red carpet at the British Soap Awards 2017 Sealed with a kiss! Strictly champ Ore Oduba and his wife Portia pack on PDA as they can't keep their hands off each other at the British Soap Awards  Something getting you down? Eastenders actress Jacqueline Jossa looks stony-faced at the British Soap Awards afterparty with fiancé Dan Osborne Chained to the rhythm! Katy Perry will perform at The Voice Australia grand final as she returns Down Under for Witness concert tour Live shows have begun GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with posh tradition by donning a wedding ring Unlike other high-society husbands Amy Childs shows off her slender post-baby body in chic blouse and skinny jeans as she cradles newborn baby Polly on morning stroll New mum 'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims 'You just proved how powerful music is': Alesha Dixon bursts into tears as the Missing People Choir leave the judges overwhelmed in Britain's Got Talent final Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' Tearful Kym Marsh dedicates her Best Female Dramatic Performance win at the British Soap Awards 2017 to her late son Archie  'This one's for you, angel': Zoe Ball returns to Radio 2 for the first time since her lover was found dead by dedicating to him the song Do I Love You (Indeed I Do) 'You're in with a shot tonight': Simon Cowell praises MerseyGirls as they wow at BGT final... and confirms he'll fund £78,000 life-changing spine surgery for teen dancer Julia Carlile Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top and high-waisted jeans as she spends the day with friends Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony in the early hours  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan Just do it! Bella Hadid embraces a sporty look as she flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms Top of the crops Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills The 21-year-old stunner is enjoying life GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since It was a two-day rave Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel Coronation Street's Lucy Fallon dazzles in a plunging peach gown at Soap Awards... after leaving Corrie viewers 'heartbroken' with grooming storyline 'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat She switched up her game 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Natural Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
dailyrecordLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Scottish News UK & World News Politics Crime Health Real Life Business & Consumer Weird News Science & TechnologyExpand Politics Football Scottish Premiership Scottish Championship Scottish Cup Betfred Cup Scotland Football Team Transfer News English Premier LeagueExpand Sport Latest Sport Football Rugby Golf Tennis Boxing DartsExpand TV & Celebs Latest Celebs Celebrity News TV & Radio News Celebrity InterviewsExpand Life & Style Scotland Now In Your Area Aberdeen Dundee Glasgow Edinburgh Inverness See all locationsExpand Business Travel My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter Motoring Property Bingo Competitions Horoscopes BuySell Dating Directory Jobs Advertising InYourArea About Us Contact Us Got A Story? Local News Cookie Policy Advertising Jobs Buy a Photo Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Contact the Judge Sunday Mail Centenary Fund Paper Subscription to the Daily Record and Sunday Mail Paper Subscription to the Paisley Daily Express Terms and Conditions © 2017 Scottish Daily Record and Sunday Mail Ltd Home News UK & World Children News Cruel mum locked two young kids in boot of her car while she went shopping Witnesses heard the children aged two and five making a noise and saw the car shaking before alerting cops in Utah.  Share ByRecord Reporter 21:01, 27 MAY 2017 News Tori Lee Castillo locked her kids in the boot of her car before going shopping  Share Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email A cruel mum has been arrested after she locked her two young children in the boot of her car while she went inside a Wal-Mart store to shop. Police in Riverdale, Utah, in the USA, say witnesses heard the children , aged two and five, making a noise and saw the car shaking. They got the older child to pull the emergency latch and called for help. Read More Paramedics in desperate battle to save baby who died 'after dad left her in car for hours on hottest day of the year' Tori Lee Castillo, 39, is in custody on suspicion of child abuse after being arrested on Thursday when she returned to the car. Police said welfare services were contacted and the children were turned over to a responsible party. Read More Top news stories today Mum slain and son left fighting for life SAS troops deployed for first time Rangers close in on double deal Scholes: Brown not good enough for EPL Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @Daily_Record Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe More On Children News all Most Read Most Recent NewsPoliceman's sweet gesture in crowd at One Love as Justin Bieber gives emotional speech was moment Manchester "broke" Justin Bieber may have been given an emotional speech, but the crowd was in love with this policeman UK & WorldWhy you shouldn't share these photos of 'missing' people from London terror attacks - and sick truth behind them Don't share anything until you're confident the source is trustworthy and their claim is legitimate NewsLondon Bridge hero who used martial arts skills to tackle terrorists cannot speak after being stabbed in the neck Geoff Ho, a business editor with the Sunday Express, is in intensive care after confronting the terrorists in a bid to save strangers' lives London Bridge terror attackFirst victim named in London Bridge Terror Attack was a 'beautiful bride-to-be': Everything we know so far Overnight update: Canadian killed by the terrorists in London on Saturday night was Chrissy Archibald. TerrorismPolice warn Scots to be on alert after London Bridge attack with severe terror warning in place The Scottish Government's Resilience committee will meet later today to discuss the situation and review country's security. Manchester terror attackAriana Grande reveals emotional meeting with mum of girl killed by bomb changed One Love Manchester The star says she broke down in tears when she hugged Olivia Campbell-Hardy's mum. TrafficForth Road Bridge reopens after reports of 'person climbing towers' closes major route Traffic Scotland advised drivers to take an alternative route as road is closed due to a 'police incident'. RutherglenWhat's on in Rutherglen and Cambuslang this summer... A busy summer of events will be taking place London Bridge terror attackFirst victim named in London Bridge Terror Attack was a 'beautiful bride-to-be': Everything we know so far Overnight update: Canadian killed by the terrorists in London on Saturday night was Chrissy Archibald. Manchester terror attackAriana Grande's One Love Manchester concert recap: Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at benefit concert alongside Justin Bieber, Katy Perry and more Ariana Grande was joined by a host of megastars when she returned to Manchester for the huge fundraising concert at Old Trafford. Most Read Most Recent Rangers FCRangers target Eduardo Herrera arrives in Glasgow to seal £1.5m Ibrox move The Mexican international is set to become Pedro Caixinha's latest summer signing and is set to be followed by Fabio Cardoso and Dalcio. Celebrity NewsPiers Morgan apologises to Ariana Grande and admits he 'misjudged' her after watching One Love Manchester concert The Good Morning Britain presenter has eaten his words after criticising the star for failing to visit the Manchester victims Celtic FCCeltic in 'advanced talks' with Manchester City over deal for Patrick Roberts A fee for the winger, who enjoyed a stunning season on loan at Celtic, remains the sticking point with City expected to hold out for close to £10m. NewsPoliceman's sweet gesture in crowd at One Love as Justin Bieber gives emotional speech was moment Manchester "broke" Justin Bieber may have been given an emotional speech, but the crowd was in love with this policeman UK & WorldWhy you shouldn't share these photos of 'missing' people from London terror attacks - and sick truth behind them Don't share anything until you're confident the source is trustworthy and their claim is legitimate Manchester terror attackAriana Grande reveals emotional meeting with mum of girl killed by bomb changed One Love Manchester The star says she broke down in tears when she hugged Olivia Campbell-Hardy's mum. TrafficForth Road Bridge reopens after reports of 'person climbing towers' closes major route Traffic Scotland advised drivers to take an alternative route as road is closed due to a 'police incident'. RutherglenWhat's on in Rutherglen and Cambuslang this summer... A busy summer of events will be taking place London Bridge terror attackFirst victim named in London Bridge Terror Attack was a 'beautiful bride-to-be': Everything we know so far Overnight update: Canadian killed by the terrorists in London on Saturday night was Chrissy Archibald. Rangers FCRangers target Eduardo Herrera arrives in Glasgow to seal £1.5m Ibrox move The Mexican international is set to become Pedro Caixinha's latest summer signing and is set to be followed by Fabio Cardoso and Dalcio. Top Stories London Bridge terror attackFirst victim named in London Bridge Terror Attack was a 'beautiful bride-to-be': Everything we know so far Overnight update: Canadian killed by the terrorists in London on Saturday night was Chrissy Archibald. Manchester terror attackManchester Arena bombing victim Eilidh MacLeod's body arrives back in Barra for funeral Eilidh was among 22 people who died in the terrorist attack at the Ariana Grande concert on Monday May 22, which also left dozens injured. TerrorismPolice warn Scots to be on alert after London Bridge attack with severe terror warning in place The Scottish Government's Resilience committee will meet later today to discuss the situation and review country's security. London Bridge terror attack'He's a soldier': Pal praises Dad-of-three 'stabbed four times' in London terror attack Brett Freeman was stabbed four times during the murderous rampage which claimed the lives of seven people TrafficForth Road Bridge reopens after reports of 'person climbing towers' closes major route Traffic Scotland advised drivers to take an alternative route as road is closed due to a 'police incident'. Politics'You can't protect the public on the cheap': Jeremy Corbyn slams Theresa May's police cuts in first speech after London Bridge attack Labour Leader Jeremy Corbyn is set to give his first public speech since last night's deadly terror attack in London. NewsLondon Bridge hero who used martial arts skills to tackle terrorists cannot speak after being stabbed in the neck Geoff Ho, a business editor with the Sunday Express, is in intensive care after confronting the terrorists in a bid to save strangers' lives. Nicola Sturgeon'Scotland will be independent by 2025 and we won't be told to shut up': Nicola Sturgeon The SNP leader reveals a steely determination to progress in a new interview. TerrorismElite SAS terror troops deployed on British streets for the first time after London Bridge attack The special group was formed in 2015 to respond to terrorists on the loose and is now being used for the first time. London Bridge terror attackLondon mayor Sadiq Khan hits back at Donald Trump insult saying he 'has more important things to do' The President has taken to Twitter to make a political point out of the atrocity which has left seven people dead in central London. Kilmarnock FCFormer Kilmarnock ace Souleymane Coulibaly claims he was treated like a slave as he explains why he walked out on Al Ahly Coulibaly released an astonishing statement on Twitter this evening claiming the club withheld his passport and made his family feel uncomfortable practising their religion. UK & WorldWhy you shouldn't share these photos of 'missing' people from London terror attacks - and sick truth behind them Don't share anything until you're confident the source is trustworthy and their claim is legitimate NewsPoliceman's sweet gesture in crowd at One Love as Justin Bieber gives emotional speech was moment Manchester "broke" Justin Bieber may have been given an emotional speech, but the crowd was in love with this policeman UK & WorldWhy you shouldn't share these photos of 'missing' people from London terror attacks - and sick truth behind them Don't share anything until you're confident the source is trustworthy and their claim is legitimate NewsLondon Bridge hero who used martial arts skills to tackle terrorists cannot speak after being stabbed in the neck Geoff Ho, a business editor with the Sunday Express, is in intensive care after confronting the terrorists in a bid to save strangers' lives London Bridge terror attackFirst victim named in London Bridge Terror Attack was a 'beautiful bride-to-be': Everything we know so far Overnight update: Canadian killed by the terrorists in London on Saturday night was Chrissy Archibald. TerrorismPolice warn Scots to be on alert after London Bridge attack with severe terror warning in place The Scottish Government's Resilience committee will meet later today to discuss the situation and review country's security. Manchester terror attackAriana Grande's One Love Manchester concert recap: Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at benefit concert alongside Justin Bieber, Katy Perry and more Ariana Grande was joined by a host of megastars when she returned to Manchester for the huge fundraising concert at Old Trafford. London Bridge terror attack'He's a soldier': Pal praises Dad-of-three 'stabbed four times' in London terror attack pictured in hospital bed after medics saved his life Brett Freeman was stabbed four times during the murderous rampage which claimed the lives of seven people Nicola Sturgeon'Scotland will be independent by 2025 and we won't be told to shut up': Nicola Sturgeon The SNP leader reveals a steely determination to progress in a new interview. TerrorismElite SAS terror troops deployed on British streets for the first time after London Bridge attack The special group was formed in 2015 to respond to terrorists on the loose and is now being used for the first time. Manchester terror attackManchester Arena bombing victim Eilidh MacLeod's body arrives back in Barra for funeral Eilidh was among 22 people who died in the terrorist attack at the Ariana Grande concert on Monday May 22, which also left dozens injured. London Bridge terror attackLondon mayor Sadiq Khan hits back at Donald Trump insult saying he 'has more important things to do' The President has taken to Twitter to make a political point out of the atrocity which has left seven people dead in central London. London Bridge terror attack'Come get me ISIS' Anger erupts over man offering £50k reward for terrorist to kill him while brandishing sword Andre Walker has caused controversy on social media by standing at Westminster and demanding to fight a terrorist. gadgetsFidget spinner safety fears as gadgets sent for tests by Trading Standards Some businesses have been asked to removed the must-have gadgets from sale after concerns that some imports are dodgy and can cause nasty injuries. UK & WorldGrandmother brutally attacked at wedding had head smashed into granite post so hard her eyelid was 'hanging off' Vivienne Street was left unconscious and bloodied in the street after the horrific attack - and now the 41-year-old is terrified to be alone TrafficForth Road Bridge reopens after reports of 'person climbing towers' closes major route Traffic Scotland advised drivers to take an alternative route as road is closed due to a 'police incident'. UK & WorldMy dad drowned my son in the bath - but I still can't stop loving him Jo Greene' son Alex, 9, was drowned in the bath by her father Stewart two days before Christmas TerrorismDiners fought off terrorist with chairs and bottles after knife man burst into restaurant Terrified customers in Borough Market fought off the assailants as a can ploughed into pedestrians on London Bridge. TerrorismLondon Bridge terror attack suspect pictured with canisters strapped to his chest Up to seven people are feared dead after terrorists strike in the heart of the UK capital at London Bridge and Borough Market. Manchester terror attackAriana Grande reveals emotional meeting with mum of girl killed by bomb changed One Love Manchester The star says she broke down in tears when she hugged Olivia Campbell-Hardy's mum. General ElectionNew poll reveals SNP support dropping in Scotland as Labour on the rise The poll by Survation found that SNP support has dropped since the start of the General Election campaign. News Sport Celebs Life & Style Follow us facebook twitter InYourArea About Us Contact Us Got A Story? Local News Cookie Policy Advertising Jobs Buy a Photo Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Contact the Judge Sunday Mail Centenary Fund Paper Subscription to the Daily Record and Sunday Mail Paper Subscription to the Paisley Daily Express Terms and Conditions © 2017 Scottish Daily Record and Sunday Mail Ltd This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
You are the owner of this collection. Edit Collection Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Crime News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds enterprise web only ICYMI: Top stories of the week May 27, 2017 The most-read stories on NWI.com during the past week. 1 of 20 1 Buy Now Son takes mom to Valpo prom Deborah Laverty Times Correspondent Updated May 30, 2017 Prom night, a fun rite of passage for most teens, is one Ali Clark, 43, of Lowell, didn't get to experience while in high school. That changed Friday night when her son, Tyler Clark, 18, took her as his date to his Valparaiso High School prom. "I'm excited and nervous. I'm all of it in one," Ali said. Ali, dressed in a strapless deep pink colored long gown she had borrowed from a friend, posed proudly for photos with her son, who had donned a white tux with matching pink bow tie. Prior to the photo session, Tyler carefully placed a corsage of pink roses on his mom's wrist while she pinned a pink rose boutonnière on his lapel. Ali said her son had earlier told her she looked beautiful after seeing her dressed in her formal gown. "I love you. Thank you," she said to her son. Tyler had asked her to the prom back in October, around her birthday, knowing his mom hadn't gone to prom as a teenager. "I'm blessed that I had a child that thought that much of me. It melts my heart to think he'd give up his senior prom to take his mom," Ali said. Ali said she became pregnant while a teenager at Hobart High School and quit her sophomore year. "I missed out on a lot," Ali said. Tyler said he got the idea sometime last fall to ask his mom to the prom but first had to check out if it was OK with school officials. Valparaiso High School Principal Reid Amones said Tyler had approached him with the idea and told him rules don't allow someone to take a date over 21 but that they could instead list his mom as a chaperone. "It will be a little special. He wanted to do something nice for his mom," Amones said. Prom night preparations for Ali started early in the day when she went to get her nails done at a Crown Point nail salon and continued with a tanning session and upsweep hairdo at Lowell businesses. "I took the day off," Ali said. Ali works at Omni Tech, making medical equipment. Ali's friend and neighbor, Brenda Anderson, and her daughter, Dani Ebert, volunteered to do her makeup for the event. Ali's husband, Alan Clark, after declaring he thought his wife going to the prom was awesome, joked with Tyler that he didn't realize it took so many hours of preparation for women to get ready. Tyler said activities for the prom night with his mom included dinner at Chili's in Hobart then off to Valparaiso High School for the grand march starting at 6:15 p.m. Prom night was to end with dancing at the Expo Center with the theme, "The Great Gatsby," Tyler said. While dining at Chili's, the two planned to meet Ashlie Tussey, Ali's 26-year-old daughter. Ali's other children include Brian Zarakas, 25, and Megan Clark, 11. She also has four grandsons and one granddaughter. 2 Buy Now Strack & Van Til, Marsh both face existential crisis Joseph S. Pete joseph.pete@nwi.com, 219-933-3316 Updated May 31, 2017 Indiana’s two largest independent grocers, Strack & Van Til and Marsh down in central Indiana, ended up in bankruptcy court in recent weeks amid one of the toughest environments for supermarkets in decades. Neither grocer may survive, despite being woven into the cultural fabric, with a rich tradition of serving shoppers over generations. Jewel-Osco is looking to buy the 19 remaining Strack & Van Til and Town & Country stores, and suggested it could rebrand them as Jewels. Marsh warned it could lay off thousands of workers across the state if it doesn't find a buyer within 60 days. “The challenges faced by Strack & Van Til and Marsh are ones that have been affecting the industry nationwide,” Indiana University Northwest Assistant Professor of Economics Micah Pollak said. “The grocery industry is built on razor-thin profit margins coupled with highly perishable products such as produce, meat, dairy and prepared foods. As a result, sudden upheavals in the industry can be difficult for firms, and especially smaller independent chains, to weather.” Strack & Van Til has coped with changes to the grocery industry, including the arrival of Whole Foods in Northwest Indiana, the emergence of non-traditional competitors like Menards and online rivals like Blue Apron. “In the case of Strack & Van Til, they fought hard to adapt by expanding higher-end offerings, updating stores and experimenting with new services like home delivery,” Pollak said. “Unfortunately, these changes are very capital expensive. With such narrow profit margins, the grocery industry is hard-pressed to turn on a penny, much less a dime.” University of Indianapolis Associate Professor of Finance Matthew Will said local grocers can only survive if they innovate or find a niche consumers will pay for. “Remember, this is not a big business conspiracy,” he said. “This is consumers deciding who wins and loses. Amazon, Zappo, Jet, etc., did not exist 15 years ago. And now they may put Macy's, Sears, etc., out of business. Even Walmart is closing stores. No one is or should be immune from progress.” But there are consequences.  “The loss of consumer choice is bad,” Will said. “The failure of a company, unable to satisfy consumer demands, is a normal part of economic progress. People will still buy the same amount of groceries. Some will merely change where they shop. It may be an emotional loss for the region, but their failure is a result of consumer choice... The new Super Meijers and Super Krogers drove Marsh out of business. They have greatly enhanced the shopping experience. Marsh did not.” Consumers will ultimately lose out if Strack & Van Til vanishes from the Northwest Indiana landscape, Pollak said. “What this means for Northwest Indiana and the state is continued consolidation in the grocery industry, a more limited range in terms of where to shop and what is available, and very likely higher prices,” he said. “We will likely have fewer independent grocery businesses, at least until the grocery industry stabilizes further.” He’s especially concerned about the future of the discount Ultra Foods stores, which sometimes served low-income communities. Most are slated for closure, and Strack & Van Til parent company Central Grocers is still trying to find a buyer for the remaining three Ultra stores in Highland, Merrillville and Kankakee. “Many of these stores are the sole grocery store in lower-income areas that would otherwise be vast food deserts,” Pollak said. "Some Ultra Foods have already been closed, and without a prospective buyer more may close. The closure of these stores risks significantly expanding the problem of food deserts in Northwest Indiana, which has dire consequences on the health of our residents and ultimately represents a burden on all Hoosiers.” Highland resident Chadd Huizenga said he would love to continue to have a local, independent supermarket chain in Northwest Indiana. “It is good for the local economy,” he said. “The money people of the Region spend gets recycled back into the Region. Also, more people of the Region are employed.” Highland-based Strack & Van Til once operated 38 stores, grossed more than $1.1 billion a year and employed more than 4,000 in Northwest Indiana alone. It was a staple of Region life — its catered fried chicken, for instance, was widely enjoyed at social gatherings, business functions and church get-togethers. As lore would have it, people have even averted wedding reception catastrophes with last-minute runs to Stracks. “What is more important to me, is maintaining a cultural identity,” Huizenga said. “In Northwest Indiana, Strack & Van Til is part of our local identity. We are different from the rest of Chicagoland, because we shop at Strack & Van Til, not Jewel or Mariano's. With the global culture becoming more homogenized and bland, it is important to maintain local culture and identity. This is what makes Northwest Indiana 'Da Region.'” He hopes prospective owner Jewel-Osco at least preserves the Strack & Van Til name. “When it comes down to it, it is just a name, but names are important,” he said. “The name of our grocery store is what keeps Northwest Indiana from being just another boring bland Chicagoland suburb like Orland Park.” Valparaiso resident Dawn Brown considered the Strack & Van Til on U.S. 30 in Valparaiso her store, her Stracks. She visits weekly and counts on employees to tell her which cantaloupe is the sweetest, gets recipes from the meat department, chats with stockers and has favorite cashiers she'll wait longer to see. They'll ask about her daughter's school and swimming, and brag about their grandchildren. The baggers know she wants paper inside of plastic. "The Deli folks started treating my 1-year-old with a slice of co-jack cheese," she said. "As the years went by, my daughter gained confidence by standing in line on her own to ask politely for her piece of cheese. I know it is a small thing, but it is one of her favorite memories of learning to be independent." Her daughter's Girl Scout troop has sold hundreds of boxes of cookies at the Valpo Strack & Van Til, which also helped her swim club by donating boxes of fresh fruit for races.  "Change is inevitable, and a national corporation will more than likely be purchasing my Stracks," Brown said. "What I want them to know is that it will not matter what name is on the sign. What will matter will be the employees inside the store. They are the heartbeat that keeps the business alive. It is my hope that the future buyer will remember that fact and treat them with the respect they have earned over the many, many years inside the store." 3 Buy Now Second-graders get Lucky in their lessons Carmen McCollum carmen.mccollum@nwi.com, 219-662-5337 May 22, 2017 VALPARAISO — For several years, Lucky, the wheaten terrier, and her handler, Nancy Starewicz, traveled the Region helping young and old with her unique lessons. She came back recently, for a one-day special visit. Lucky and Starewicz, who now divide their time between Florida and Minnesota, visited John Simatovich Elementary School second-graders Wednesday to meet Lucky's pen pals. Simatovich second-grade teacher Angela Ross said each year Principal Leigh Barnes asks teachers to create goals for the school year. "We always work on life skills and have animals in our room," Ross said, about coming up with a new goal involving animals to help pupils learn. "I remembered there used to be a lady who traveled to the different schools, and some people remembered her name. I Googled her and found out she wasn't in this area anymore." Ross connected with Starewicz through social media, and her students began a "pup pal" relationship with Lucky. Students wrote letters about their life, school days and adventures, and in return, Starewicz in Lucky's "voice," wrote back to them. That was last fall. A portion of each day, students work with Ross on their letters, reading the books Starewicz created around the dog and going to Starewicz's blog to read about Lucky. Starewicz also sent videos to students about Lucky's different adventures in Florida. Neither Ross nor the students ever expected to meet Starewicz and Lucky face-to-face; instead, they had a stuffed dog they named Lucky. But when Starewicz found she might have a little extra time while traveling to Minnesota, she decided to stop by for a visit. Starewicz, a former school psychologist, worked with students and families for more than 30 years in the Crown Point Community School Corp. and School City of Hobart. She retired in 2008, and she and her husband, a retired educator, got Lucky as a puppy. The dog is now 11 1/2 years old. Over the years, Starewicz has written six books about her wheaten terrier, and the important life lessons she's learned from her pet. They have visited thousands of students over the years, mostly in Northwest Indiana. Lucky a role model During their interactive programs, students and parents hear about Lucky and see her demonstrate good behavior. All the Lucky books have universal messages for all ages emphasizing empathy, listening, trust, being thankful and friendship. As Starewicz demonstrated Lucky's skills, she told students Lucky likes people and pays close attention to their hands. "To a dog, people are their hands; Lucky has never been hurt by hands, so she thinks the whole world has good hands because no one has ever hurt her with their hands," Starewicz said. "Hands are for helping, never hurting. So take a look at your hands. Be as friendly as Lucky." She said Lucky is especially good at waiting patiently and paying attention, and she encouraged the children always to pay attention to their teachers and parents. Second-grader Ava Lukawski said in one of her letters, she wrote about how Lucky taught students to always have "good" hands. "I made a picture of two hands shaped like a heart," Ava said. "It's fun seeing Lucky in person. We always write to him, and we always think about him. We were thinking we really wanted to see Lucky in person." Second-grader Nick Brazeau said he likes dogs and has one at home. "My dog is really small," he said, adding he was excited Lucky came to his classroom. Ross said the students love animals, and Lucky has been an excellent connection for them. "Lucky has made lifelong memories for the students and me," she said. "One student asked me, 'Was I dreaming, or was Lucky really here?' Nancy and Lucky also inspired our class to apply for a grant so we could donate supplies and money for Lakeshore Paws animal rescue." The students intend to make 18 fleece blankets to donate to the animal shelter. They made a blanket for Lucky and presented it to her during the visit, laughing as she planted her paws on it and seemed to take a nap. 4 Girlfriend charged with providing gun in Portage shooting Bob Kasarda bob.kasarda@nwi.com, 219-548-4345 May 22, 2017 VALPARAISO — A second person has been charged in connection with last week's shooting in Portage over allegations of infidelity, according to police. Nya Zhane Celeste Lewis, 19, of the 700 block of Fremont Road in South Haven, is accused of providing the illegal handgun used in the shooting, according to court documents. She is charged with a felony count of assisting a criminal and misdemeanor possession of a handgun without a permit. Lewis is the girlfriend of Daniel Moro, also of South Haven, who is accused of shooting another man over accusations both men were having sex with each other's girlfriends, police said. Police said Moro shot the other man in the side of the head around 1 a.m. May 15 along Creekview Court, west of Ash Street in Portage, according to charging information. The victim survived the shooting. Lewis reportedly told police the pink-handled .380-caliber semi-automatic handgun was hers and that it was on the floorboard of her vehicle when she and Moro arrived at the shooting scene. She said she was going back to the vehicle to call 911 and saw the gun on the floorboard when she heard the shots being fired. Lewis said she threw the gun out of the vehicle window following the shooting; police recovered it from a ditch along the south side of County Road 700 North, about 470 feet west of McCool Road, according to police. Rounds of ammunition collected from the gun are the same caliber and brand name as the spent casings found at the shooting scene, police said.  A witness told police he watched Moro pull the gun out of the vehicle and fire it at the victim four or five times. "Lewis claimed that she never saw Moro fire the weapon or even possess it," according to charging information. "She denied firing it, and she said that Daniel did not fire it." Lewis reportedly told police she bought the gun from a friend for safety purposes and does not have a permit. Moro, who is charged with attempted murder, aggravated battery and possession of a handgun without a permit after having a felony conviction within 15 years, made an initial court appearance Monday before Porter Superior Judge Roger Bradford. Pleas of not guilty were entered on his behalf. A bond hearing was scheduled for June 12. He is being held without bond. Additional hearings are scheduled for Aug. 7 and Sept. 11. 5 Two people charged in East Chicago drug raid Steve Garrison steve.garrison@nwi.com, 219-662-5331 May 22, 2017 CROWN POINT — Two people arrested last week in a police raid at El Sombrero Bar in East Chicago face drug charges in Lake Criminal Court. Glorivette Bonilla, 40, of Hammond, was charged Friday with dealing cocaine and cocaine possession. Gustavo A. Zamora, 56, of East Chicago, is charged with dealing cocaine, cocaine possession and maintaining a common nuisance. Bonilla was arrested Thursday night at El Sombrero Bar, 2001 Broadway, where she worked as a bartender, according to a probable cause affidavit. Police allegedly found 31 grams of cocaine individually packaged in Bonilla's purse during a search of the premises, the affidavit states. Bonilla admitted it was her purse, the affidavit states, but claimed she was holding the cocaine for someone else. Zamora was arrested in an apartment above the bar, the affidavit states. Police found 6 grams of cocaine in the apartment, as well as boxes of sandwich bags, a small scale and “a large sum” of cash. The Indiana Excise State Police said in a press release last week that its yearlong investigation into drug distribution at the bar started because of a resident's complaint. Both defendants have been released on bond pending trial, according to court records. A court date has not been scheduled for either defendant, records state. 6 Yet another reason to avoid I-94 this summer Bob Kasarda bob.kasarda@nwi.com, 219-548-4345 Updated Jun 2, 2017 Just when it appeared that traffic congestion would not be getting any worse across the Region this summer, a whole new set of construction barriers have appeared along a Porter County stretch of Interstate 94 just ahead of the busy Memorial Day weekend. The lane restrictions, which are part of a paving and bridge repair project that was carried over from last year, will impact the highway through Nov. 6 from an area just east of Ind. 249 in Portage to two miles east of Chesterton, according to Doug Moats, media relations director for the Northwest District of the Indiana Department of Transportation. The area includes the Ind. 49 ramps, which provide access to the popular Indiana Dunes State Park and various National Lakeshore properties. More than 3 million people visit the Indiana Dunes each year, making the dunes the single most popular tourist attraction in the state, according to a study of the economic impact of Porter County tourism prepared for Indiana Dunes Tourism. Lane closures will vary in the I-94 construction zone as paving progresses, Moats said. Work will take place mainly at night, he said, but daytime paving could occur. The left shoulder and lane are currently closed, he said. There will be intermittent nightly restrictions closing the center lane and ramps at Ind. 49. This latest project comes in addition to work on several other major highways across the Region that are already resulting in traffic delays, including elsewhere on I-94. The state is replacing the bridge carrying I-94 over the Indiana Toll Road a little further west in Portage and the highway is undergoing restoration and paving work through September even further west in Lake County. The state is also resurfacing Ind. 49 from the Indiana Toll Road south to U.S. 30, and repair work is underway on U.S. 30 from Industrial Drive in Valparaiso east to U.S. 421 in Wanatah. U.S. 421 is closed in Wanatah south of U.S. 30 for a bridge replacement and north of U.S. 30 for repair work. Interstate 65 also underwent resurfacing north of I-94, and repair work was done along Ind. 49 between U.S. 20 and U.S. 12. This is the last year of such an intense road construction season, Moats said. The state had to squeeze in many projects as part of the Restore 94 project to take advantage of funding received a couple of years ago from the Indiana General Assembly. Local road projects are further complicating matters by thwarting motorists' attempts to detour their way around the inevitable traffic delays. Among these will be a repaving and striping project planned this summer along Calumet Road north from the Valparaiso city limits to U.S. 6, according to Porter County Commissioner Jim Biggs, R-North. Motorists attempting to dodge the work on nearby Ind. 49 will be further challenged by another repaving project planned this summer along Meridian Road north of U.S. 6. "Welcome to Northwest Indiana during the summer," Biggs joked, "where the state emblem should be an orange cone, at least during the summer months." 7 Man charged with OWI in Merrillville teen pedestrian's death Steve Garrison steve.garrison@nwi.com, 219-662-5331 May 23, 2017 CROWN POINT — Police allege a 43-year-old man accused of fatally striking a teenager with his vehicle last fall was under the influence of marijuana and prescription medication at the time of the crash. Christopher E. Campbell was charged Monday in Lake Criminal Court with two felony counts of intoxicated driving, causing death, and one count of operating a vehicle as a habitual traffic violator. Police allege in a probable cause affidavit Campbell has had his driver's license suspended 49 times since 1991. He has been convicted of drunken driving in Indiana on two occasions before the incident last fall, according to court records. Campbell is accused of striking 17-year-old Andrew Salka with his vehicle the afternoon of Oct. 17 in the 800 block of East 73rd Avenue in Merrillville, the affidavit states. Salka, a junior at Merrillville High School, was transported to Methodist Hospitals Northlake Campus in Gary and then Loyola University Medical Center in Illinois, where he was pronounced dead, the affidavit states. Campbell underwent a medical evaluation at Methodist Hospitals Southlake Campus, where police obtained a blood sample that was later submitted to the Indiana Department of Toxicology, according to the affidavit. The toxicology report indicated Campbell had pain medication, anti-anxiety medication and THC — a primary compound of marijuana — in his system at the time of the crash, the affidavit states. The drugs found in his system are all central nervous system depressants, the affidavit states, which can in combination cause impaired thoughts and actions. Police found a prescription bottle for hydrocodone, a pain medication, in the pocket of Campbell's shorts at the scene of the crash, the affidavit states. Campbell's bond is set at $55,000, according to court records. 8 Buy Now Macy's to open outlet store inside Southlake Mall location Joseph S. Pete joseph.pete@nwi.com, 219-933-3316 May 23, 2017 Macy's is going to open a store-within-a-store outlet inside its department store at Southlake Mall in Hobart. The Cincinnati-based retailer will open its first Chicago area Macy’s Backstage The Outlet Store at the super-regional mall at U.S. 30 and Mississippi Street on June 17. Macy's is carving 17,000 square feet out of the first floor of the 165,000-square-foot store to make room for the new outlet store, with items marked down from 20 percent to 80 percent, while the rest of the store will remain a full-line department store. “Macy’s Backstage is a new experience for our customers who enjoys the thrill of the hunt, providing fashion and brands at a great value,” Macy's Chief Merchandising Officer Tim Baxter said. “The Backstage concept caters to the fashion-savvy, cost-conscious shopper that expects her local store to keep up with her fast-paced lifestyle. The layout is designed for maximum efficiency, while the merchandise offering changes constantly to reflect the newest trends.” While Macy's is closing stores across the nation amid a tough retail environment, it's hiring in Northwest Indiana's busiest commercial area. Macy's spokeswoman Carolyn Ng said the Southlake Mall store would add 10 to 12 more workers to serve as its "Backstage Crew." "At this time, the Macy’s Backstage at Southlake will be the only one in Chicago/Indiana," she said. More and more new stores opening in Northwest Indiana have been outlet or discount stores, including the Nordstrom Rack and Talbots Company Store at Shops on Main in Schererville.  Macy's has been one of the five anchors of the two-story, 1.4 million-square-foot mall in Hobart since it replaced L.S. Ayres after buying out that defunct Indianapolis-based retailer in 2006. It describes the new store-within-a-store at Southlake as "a cross between a department store and an outlet." Macy’s Backstage at Southlake will feature "trend boards" that highlight the latest seasonal looks, "Juice Bars" for phone charging, free Wi-Fi, mobile check-out stations and fitting rooms with three-way mirrors. "Carving retail space within the full-line department store on the first floor, this new retail combination of an outlet store-within-a-store gives shoppers a new discount destination located right inside of their favorite store," Macy's said in a press release. Macy's Backstage will stock a wide range of products, including shoes, accessories, beauty products, housewares, home textiles, toys, tech, gadgets and men’s, women’s and children’s apparel, including some celebrity lines. It will carry top brands like Maybelline and E.L.F. The new store opens June 17 and the first 100 customers will get a $20 gift card. Macy’s Backstage at Southlake will be open from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. Monday through Saturday and from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. on Sundays. For more information, call 219-769-9100. 9 2 killed in less than a day in Gary Sarah Reese sarah.reese@nwi.com, 219-933-3351 May 23, 2017 GARY — A 28-year-old man was killed Tuesday morning in the city's second homicide within 24 hours. DeAngelo Spencer, of Gary, died after a shooting in the 2400 block of Pierce Street, according to Gary police and the Lake County coroner's office. Gary police were dispatched to the area about 8:40 a.m. for a report of a man with a gunshot wound. Upon arrival, a man was found inside a residence, police said.  Coroner's investigators were called to the scene about 8:50 a.m. and pronounced Spencer dead at 9 a.m. In a separate shooting, Sherrod Carter, 39, of Gary, was fatally wounded Monday night in the 2100 block of Carolina Street, according to police and a coroner's release. Gary police were called to that area about 7:30 p.m. for a report of a gunshot victim. Officers located Carter, who was taken to a local hospital but pronounced dead about 8 p.m., officials said. Anyone with information about the homicides is asked to call the Lake County/Gary Metro Homicide Unit at 219-755-3855. To remain anonymous, call 866-CRIME-GP. 10 Buy Now Hammond church sued over former deacon's fraud scheme Ed Bierschenk edwin.bierschenk@nwi.com, 219-933-4195 May 23, 2017 HAMMOND — The First Baptist Church of Hammond faces another lawsuit in connection with a fraud scheme operated by a former deacon. The former deacon, William Kimmel, was sentenced in 2014 to 22 years in prison and ordered to pay more than $16.4 million in restitution after being convicted in federal court in Raleigh, North Carolina, of defrauding hundreds of investors around the country. The lawsuit filed against the church earlier this month by Cricket Boyd, individually and as a trustee of the William Boyd Family Trust, is the second civil lawsuit filed locally against the church. Boyd said she lost her entire $175,000 investment. A year ago, First Baptist Church of Hammond Inc., was sued by Crystal Elwell, Robert Baldwin and Deborah Baldwin, individually and as custodian for her two minor children. Elwell, according to the lawsuit, was a former employee of the church and served as North American and Caribbean director for its Fundamental Baptist Mission Board. That lawsuit is still in the deposition phase. In response to the filing of the first lawsuit, Rick Hammond, an attorney representing the church, said last year that the church “believes the charges are baseless. That there has been absolutely no wrongdoing on behalf of the church, and the church stands by its good works and the missionary work it has been doing in the community and around the world” for decades. The Times was unable to reach Hammond to comment on the latest lawsuit. The latest lawsuit filed by Boyd seeks class action certification and contends more than 100 people could be part of the class. The lawsuit claims the members of the potential class action lost more than $5 million in investments they made with Kimmel. It contends First Baptist should have known of Kimmel's "exploitative propensities." It further states the church had the duty of ordinary care to investigate and not retain Kimmel as a financial adviser for the church. The lawsuit contends the church "ratified Kimmel's acts and omissions by taking kickbacks from the money he stole from plaintiff and class members." According to federal prosecutors, Kimmel sold investments in Sure Line Acceptance Corp. in churches across the country. The federal indictments against Kimmel characterized the corporation as a Ponzi scheme where investors were paid their interest from new investor money. 11 Buy Now Local grad rates up in NWI overall, down in state Carmen McCollum carmen.mccollum@nwi.com, 219-662-5337 May 24, 2017 As graduation season gets underway, local high school officials say their graduation rate is inching up each year. Data also show an increasing number of minority students in local schools are earning their high school diploma. The Indiana Department of Education recently released the 2016 graduation rates, and data show a slight decline in Indiana's graduation rate overall, to 82.36 percent in 2016, from 82.83 percent in 2015. Indiana state Superintendent Jennifer McCormick said ensuring that students graduate prepared and ready for life beyond high school is vital to the state. "Over the next four years, the department will continue to closely partner with our schools to increase the number of students who walk out of high school, degree in hand,” she said Monday. Educators say credit recovery programs and alternative schools play a role in helping students catch up on credits they may have missed. They also say teachers, administrators and guidance counselors play a key role in helping students be successful. Credit recovery programs across Northwest Indiana public and public charter schools are just that — a way for a nontraditional student or a student who had some personal issues and didn't make it through some required classes to "recover" those lost credits. Many such classes are offered online, but some are offered on site either at the school or at an affiliated alternative school. Much of the class work at an alternative school also is offered online, but licensed teachers are available to explain concepts and grade tests and perform other assessments. Portage High School Principal Max Gill said the high school's graduation rate went to 90.62 percent in 2016, with 541 of 597 seniors graduating, from 87.9 percent in 2015, with 529 of 602 seniors graduating. "I feel this is because the students and teachers worked hard for senior graduation success," he said. "Our guidance counselors also worked hard by calling students down that were struggling to update them and offer words of encouragement. At the end of the school year, the administration team worked with the counselors to call in all students who did not graduate, to work on a summer plan (summer school and credit recovery) to help them succeed." Gill said they offer credit recovery through an online program, and students can take up to four classes that way. "We attempt to place the students first in summer school; if we are not offering the course or they have multiple classes, we then place them in credit recovery," he said. "Last year we had 65 credit recovery students of which approximately 15 were summer students. It takes the hard work of students, parents/guardians, teachers, principals and guidance counselors all working together with a common goal, the success of the students." According to state data, 94.9 percent of Portage's black students graduated in 2016, up from 83.9 percent the year before, while 93.8 percent of the school's Hispanic students graduated in 2016 compared with 86 percent the year before. Of the school's white student population, 88.5 percent graduated in 2016, compared with 89.1 percent in 3015. Credit recovery used across Region Porter Township Superintendent Stacey Schmidt said the credit recovery program has been a valuable tool to help students graduate. "We also started a south county (Union Township, Porter Township, Hebron, East Porter) alternative school at Boone Grove High School in our district," she said. "We have seen kids find success through this program that would have struggled to graduate in the traditional high school setting." Duneland Superintendent David Pruis said when he looks at the trends, Chesterton High School always has been above the state average. Despite the fact there are different students each year and that has an effect on the graduation rate, Pruis said students perform well. "We have a comprehensive curriculum, and we do have a credit recovery program," he said. "We offer a morning and afternoon alternative school. We have that available because sometimes life gets in the way of young adults. We have high expectations for our students, and they rise to the challenge. We have staff members who look at our curriculum and the sequencing of the coursework so that students who fall behind, sometimes through no fault of their own, get through it." Jennifer Zinth, director of High School and STEM for the Denver-based Education Commission of the States, a nonprofit, nonpartisan organization, said schools are finding more ways to help students graduate. "There are different models for credit recovery," she said. "Some are online, some are face-to-face and some are a combination. The research is mixed on how effective credit recovery programs are and how they are implemented. Credit recovery can work, but if the standards and instruction are not there, students won't see the outcome that educators are hoping for." Michigan City High School had a graduation rate of 88.4 percent for 2016, with 311 of 352 students graduating. Of that number, the graduation rate for black students was 82.4 percent, with 89 of 108 graduating. Of Hispanic students, 28 out of 30 graduated for 93.3 percent, and 161 of 176 white students graduated for a rate of 91.5 percent. At LaPorte High School, the graduation rate for 2016 was 88.5 percent, with 393 of 444 students graduating. Of that total, 10 of 13 black students graduated for a rate of 76.9 percent; 34 of 45 Hispanic students graduated for 75.6 percent; and 326 of 360 white students graduated for a rate of 90.6 percent. Tweaking programs, approaches for success Sean Egan, principal at Hammond Academy of Science and Technology, said the public charter school has three years of data. In 2014, 56 of 62 students graduated; in 2015, 62 of 63 students graduated and in 2016, 62 of 64 students graduated. He said he anticipates that in 2017, 93 percent or 65 students will graduate. He said the school uses credit recovery, summer school and online coursework to assist students to graduate on time. "Our guidance counselors begin meeting with students and their parents starting in 10th grade if it seems that the student is not earning credits at the correct rate," Egan said. "Additionally, the HAST daily schedule allows students to earn seven credits per semester, whereas most schools provide five credits per semester. As such, a HAST student has the opportunity to earn up to 56 credits prior to graduation, whereas the state requires only the Core 40 diploma." Gary schools Superintendent Cheryl Pruitt said in 2012, the overall school graduation rate for the three high schools — Gary New Tech, Wirt/Emerson and West Side — was 60.3 percent compared to the rate in 2016 of 85.9 percent, a significant jump. "Much of the change can be attributed to a change in leadership style," Pruitt said. "Our administrators worked closely with counselors to review every transcript and every piece of data that had been collected on students. From there, students were given specific academic plans, so that they would graduate on time." Pruitt said the district uses credit recovery but says it is a last resort, and students are first given every opportunity to succeed in the classroom. Graduation waiver rate State officials said in 2016, Indiana’s waiver graduation rate was 89.07 percent, and the nonwaiver rate was 82.36 percent. In 2015, the waiver graduation rate was 88.89 percent, with a nonwaiver graduation rate of 82.83 percent. A graduation waiver allows a student to graduate who has not met the basic expectation that each student pass the state's graduation examination and graduate with a Core 40 diploma. So, the waiver rate is usually higher than the nonwaiver rate. Even if a student does not pass the graduation qualifying exam tests, or GQE, currently in English and math, the student still has a chance to receive a diploma. This alternative diploma route often is used for students with disabilities. To graduate with a waiver diploma, a student still must have achieved the following: all the classes required to graduate, taken the GQE once a year, received remediation every year, four-year attendance rate of 95 percent or better, GPA of 1.667 or better in core subjects and a teacher recommendation. If all that is satisfied, then the student is issued a waiver diploma. 12 Buy Now 'Slimy' business looks to open in Hobart downtown Chas Reilly Times Correspondent May 24, 2017 HOBART — A brick-and-mortar store in Hobart's downtown could get a little gooey on the inside. Resident Julia Wade has plans to open The Slime Factory at 218 Main St. Wade said the business looks to provide opportunities for children to use their creativity and learn about science through projects involving slime. She said children often are focused on their electronic devices, but The Slime Factory will offer an alternative in which they can participate in hands-on and interactive activities. Customers will be able to create slime at stations at the business, Wade said. Prepared slime and kits to make slime at home also will be available for purchase there. Wade said she plans to expand the offerings at The Slime Factory to include additional science programs. "I'm still in the beginning stages," Wade said. She said her business also would have activities for adults by featuring a soap-making program there. Wade plans to have the business open by mid-June. She would need a sign advertising her business before operations start there and Wade went before the city's Historic Preservation Commission seeking approval for signage on the building The Slime Factory will occupy. The panel deferred voting on the matter, because more details are needed about the sign, including its dimensions. The commission will continue reviewing the matter at its June 20 meeting. Wade is expected to work with city officials to discuss using a temporary sign so she could open before the commission acts on the permanent sign request. Although no action was taken on the matter, city officials said they are eager to work with Wade to help her through the process. "We want you to succeed," commission member Tom Ehrhardt said. 13 State sues 2 retired Munster administrators seeking repayment Carmen McCollum carmen.mccollum@nwi.com, 219-662-5337 May 24, 2017 CROWN POINT — The Indiana attorney general's office has filed suit against two retired Munster school administrators seeking to recover nearly $851,000 in public funds. The suit comes almost a year after the Indiana State Board of Accounts issued a scathing report targeting retired Superintendent William Pfister and retired Assistant Superintendent Richard Sopko asking the pair to repay $851,000 to the school district. Sopko was also superintendent for two years. The special investigatory report then was sent to the Indiana attorney general’s office and the Lake County prosecutor. The lawsuit was filed in Lake Circuit Court on Tuesday. Neither Pfister nor Sopko could be reached at home for comment Wednesday morning. Pfister's attorney, Greg Bouwer, said he had no comment. When asked about the lawsuit, Munster schools Superintendent Jeff Hendrix said, "The School Board and administration does not comment on any active or current litigation." The State Board of Accounts audit covered the period from July 1, 1999, to June 30, 2014. Pfister was the superintendent from Aug. 12, 1991, to June 30, 2012. Sopko was the assistant superintendent and/or treasurer from July 1, 1998, to June 30, 2012, and superintendent from July 1, 2012, to June 30, 2014. The State Board of Accounts audit asked Pfister to reimburse the district a total of $463,922 for overpayment to his annuity, salary and stipend and other items. It asked Sopko to reimburse the district a total of $377,475 for overpayment to his annuity, salary and stipend and other items. The civil suit said each of the administrators had a contract that stipulated how much money by percentage would be paid into the administrator's annuity account, but at the superintendent's direction the percentage was changed "without any knowledge or approval by the school board." In Pfister's case, the suit said, "Pfister's annuity starter percentage compounded to the point that by 2011 to 2012, he was receiving an extra annuity starter contribution of 38 percent of his salary, without any knowledge or approval by the School Town Board." The suit also alleges that Pfister was wrongfully paid a bonus in the amount of $27,222.50 beyond what he was entitled to according to the terms of his contract. The suit says Sopko also deviated from the "plain reading" of his assistant superintendent contract in order to receive an annual annuity payment in excess of what he was entitled. The suit says from July 2000 to July 2014, Sopko was wrongfully paid a bonus in the total amount of $20,365.77, also beyond what he was entitled by his contract as assistant superintendent and superintendent. The suit said the cost of the SBOA investigation was $10,053 for each administrator, and the suit seeks that payment as well.  According to the lawsuit, the audit report disclosed malfeasance, misfeasance and/or nonfeasance on the part of Pfister and Sopko. The audit report also disclosed that public funds, which the state is seeking to recover, were either misappropriated, diverted or unaccounted for, illegally received or illegally retained or obtained by fraud. The suit names the insurance companies that insured the administrators during their tenure. Munster voters approved a referendum in 2013, but after Sopko retired, the district announced it had an $8 million deficit. Earlier this month, Munster voters approved a general fund and construction referendum. The new general fund referendum will replace the current 2013 operating referendum of 19 cents per $100 of assessed valuation, increasing the tax to 42 cents per $100 of assessed valuation. It will raise $6.9 million for each of the next seven years. Munster residents also voted yes for an additional $48 million construction referendum to repair and renovate all the school buildings. It will require property owners to pay an additional 43 cents per $100 of assessed valuation to fund those projects. Hendrix said he has been able to reduce the deficit by $3.5 million. 14 Buy Now Unemployment plummets in NWI Joseph S. Pete joseph.pete@nwi.com, (219) 933-3316 May 25, 2017 Unemployment plunged across Northwest Indiana in April, dropping to as low as 2.9 percent in some parts of the Region, a number that would have been unthinkable in recent years. Joblessness plummeted by more than 1 percent across most Northwest Indiana cities and towns for the second straight month in April. Lake County had the state's second highest jobless rate of 4.1 percent in April, which was down dramatically from 5.4 percent in March. LaPorte County was sixth highest out of Indiana's 92 counties with an unemployment rate of 3.6 percent, according to the Indiana Department of Workforce Development. Porter County's unemployment rate fell to 3.3 percent, down from 4.5 percent the previous month but still 13th highest in the state. The seasonally unadjusted jobless rate in the Gary metro area — which is made up of Lake, Porter, Newton and Jasper counties — dropped to 3.9 percent in April, down from 5.3 percent the previous month, according to Workforce Development. Unemployment in the Michigan City metro area, which is just LaPorte County, fell to 3.6 percent, down from 5.3 percent. The jobless rate in the Gary metro was down 2.1 percent as compared to the same time a year ago, while unemployment has fallen 2.4 percent year-over-year in the Michigan City metro. Both the Gary and Michigan City metropolitan areas trail behind statewide and national jobless levels. Indiana's unemployment rate fell to 3.6 percent in April, down from 3.9 percent in March. Nationally, the jobless rate was 4.4 percent. Joblessness in Illinois dropped to 4.7 percent in April, down from 4.9 percent in March, according to the Illinois Department of Employment Security. Unemployment had been as high as 12 percent in Northwest Indiana during the depths of the Great Recession. It has since dramatically come down across the Region. In April, it dropped by at least 1.2 percent in Crown Point, East Chicago, Gary, Hammond, Hobart, Merrillville, Michigan, Portage, Schererville and Valparaiso. Most dramatically, it fell by 2.1 percent in East Chicago. 15 Buy Now St. John deemed richest small town in Indiana Joseph S. Pete joseph.pete@nwi.com, 219-933-3316 Updated 5 hrs ago Munster, Winfield and the Duneland communities along the Lake Michigan shoreline tend to be thought of as some of the wealthiest towns in Northwest Indiana.  But St. John is actually the richest town with a population below 25,000 in the Region — and in the state of Indiana, according to a new report. 24/7 Wall Street, a financial news and opinion website known for lists like "best places to live" and "worst companies to work for," named the richest town in every state with a population between 1,000 and 25,000. The very tiny Winnetka on the Lake Michigan shore north of Chicago, for instance, was recognized as the richest in Illinois, with a median household income of $211,773. The national media company ranked St. John as the richest in Indiana, with a median income of $95,777. That's nearly double the statewide median household income of $49,255. 24/7 Wall Street chalks it up to the St. John's high education level. "One reason for the high area incomes is the high level of education among town residents," 24/7 Wall Street said. "An estimated 97.1 percent of St. John adults have graduated high school, the largest share in Indiana. Also, 37.6 percent of St. John adults have at least a bachelor’s degree, far more than the 24 percent statewide share. Nationwide, the typical high school graduate earns $8,000 more than the typical worker who did not finish high school, and college graduates earn $20,000 more." The town of more than 16,000 residents, arguably best known for the massive Lake Central High School and the Shrine of Christ's Passion tourist attraction, is part of the Tri-Town area with Schererville and Dyer. It's population has nearly doubled since 2000, making it the fastest-growing community in Northwest Indiana, according to U.S. Census figures.  24/7 Wall Street notes St. John's poverty rate is only 2.9 percent. By contrast, the poverty rate is 13.5 percent nationally and 15.2 percent in Indiana. "Although our town of St. John shares many of the same challenges that other communities do, we take great pride in our community and have employees that are the best in the business," Town Councilman Mark Barenie said. It isn't the first time St. John has won national recognition. CNN named the town the one of the 100 best places to live in the United States in 2009. 16 Buy Now Man found dead at Whiting's Whihala beach Lauren Cross lauren.cross@nwi.com, 219-933-3206 Updated 4 hrs ago WHITING —The Lake County coroner's office is seeking family members of a man found dead in about five feet of water Thursday morning at Whihala Beach.  The Indiana Department of Natural Resources' law enforcement division and the Whiting Police Department are jointly investigating the case with the coroner's office.  An IDNR spokesman reached Thursday afternoon said his department arrived on scene at about 9:30 a.m. The body was in about five feet of water, in large rocks that come down to the shoreline, a spokesman said.*  The man did not have any identity card or a wallet on him, according to IDNR. Whiting and Hammond police agencies are searching missing persons reports in the area, he said. The estimated time of death was midnight, the IDNR spokesman said.  The man found was described as Asian with black hair, 5 feet, 6 inches tall and weighing 176 pounds, according to the coroner's office.  He was wearing an extra large blue Hollister T-shirt, Aeropostle blue jeans size 33x32 and a Kenneth Cole brown belt. He was also wearing red and blue plaid boxers, Nike white ankle socks and size 10 Nike black gym shoes. There was no indication of foul play, according to the IDNR spokesman.  The manner and cause of death are pending upon the completion of toxicology reports, a coroner's office spokesman said. Anyone with information is asked to call the Lake County coroner's office at 219-755-3265. * Editor's note: This story has been updated from a previous version. A IDNR spokesman said the man's body was found in rocks that come down to the shoreline. 17 Zip line park zooms into Northwest Indiana this weekend Joseph S. Pete joseph.pete@nwi.com, 219-933-3316 Updated Jun 1, 2017 HOBART — Daring adventurers will be able to soar on zip lines among the tree tops in a new attraction near Hobart starting this weekend. Edge Adventures NW Indiana in Deep River Waterpark just outside Hobart opens for the season at 9 a.m. Saturdays. The privately operated aerial park, which requires a separate admission fee than the Lake County-run water park, includes zip lines, treetop trails that range from 16 to 60 feet in the air, and more than 50 aerial obstacles scattered throughout the forest canopy. "We are a great challenge and adventure for families and groups," operations manager Nick Holt said. "If you're looking for something challenging and different, come try us out."  South Carolina-based Edge Adventures invested $700,000 in the attraction, which includes a Kids Park for children 4 to 7 years old. It has more than a dozen zip lines visitors can ride while while clipped onto full-body safety harnesses. "For adventurers 8 years old and up, Edge Adventures NW Indiana also offers more than 50 challenging treetop obstacles and zip lines that provide thrills for everyone at every skill level," the company said in a news release. "Edge Adventures' use of the Quick Trekker Continuous Belay System ensures that adventurers are secured to a safety line throughout their entire journey through the tree-tops, from start to finish, unlike many of its competitors." Visitors get helmets, harnesses, belays, gloves and safety briefings before making their way through treetop obstacles that are inter-connected by zip lines. Edge Adventures staff assist them through the five course routes. The courses are self-guided, and grow progressively more challenging. The seasonal attraction will be open seven days a week from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. through the fall. Two hours at the park costs $39 or $29 for children 12 and younger, while three hours cost $49, or $39 for children 12 and younger. Each course takes 20 to 30 minutes to complete, Holt said. It's advised people sign up online in advance bceause space is limited. For more information, call 800-590-8347, email info@edgeadventureparks.com or visit www.edgeadventureparks.com. 18 Accidental shootings involving kids often go unpunished Nick Penzenstadler, Ryan J. Foley and Larry Fenn, Associated Press and USA TODAY Network Updated Jun 3, 2017 DURHAM, N.C. — Amy Pittman learned on her first day in jail to bottle up her grief. As soon as she arrived, guards took her shoelaces so she wouldn't try to hang herself. Cry too much or scream too loud, and she feared they would come back to take everything she had left — her clothes, a sheet, a plastic spork. But how could she not? How could anyone? Ten weeks before, Pittman was a single mom who worked overnight shifts as a gas station cashier to keep her three kids fed and clothed. Now, alone in a cinderblock cell, she faced criminal charges for not doing enough to protect them. She pictured her youngest, Christian, 9, in his coffin. Dead at the hands of his 12-year-old brother, who had accidentally shot him in the back. "Five minutes can change your whole life," said Pittman, 38. "I wish every day that I would have stayed home." Children younger than 12 die from gun accidents in the United States about once a week, on average. Almost every death begins with the same basic circumstances: an unsecured and loaded gun, a guardian's lapse in attention. And each ends with the same basic questions: Who is to blame, and should the person be punished? An investigation by the USA TODAY Network and The Associated Press found those questions are answered haphazardly across the nation. Nearly identical accidents can have markedly different outcomes. A shooting that leads to a prison sentence in one state can end with no prosecution in another. Similar cases, different outcomes In 2015, a baby sitter in North Carolina was charged with involuntary manslaughter when a 2-year-old she was watching shot herself with a 20-gauge shotgun she found on a table. Two months later, police and prosecutors in Colorado opted not to charge a baby sitter after a 9-year-old boy was shot by his brother. The sitter had briefly left the boys unattended, and they found his loaded .38 Special in his pickup. Grandparents in Detroit, both 65, faced manslaughter and weapons charges that could have sent them to prison for 17 years after their 5-year-old granddaughter found a loaded pistol under a pillow and shot herself in the neck. In Illinois, a grandmother pleaded guilty to a minor gun charge and received probation after a 6-year-old boy found a revolver in a bedroom closet and shot himself. In the days after the April 2014 death of Amy Pittman's son, the decision of whom to blame fell to Cindy Kenney, an assistant district attorney in Durham. She said Christian's death seemed to be no ordinary accident. Investigators said that in addition to the shotgun that killed Christian, they found a handgun under a mattress in a bedroom and an assault rifle in the closet. They found 100 rounds of ammunition in a grocery bag, and Kenney would later tell a judge that Pittman's underwear drawer "had more ammunition in it than it did panties." In a country with almost as many guns as there are people, it's not unusual to find loaded weapons within children's reach. One study published in 2008 in the journal Health Education Research found that firearms are present in about one-third of all homes with children nationwide. Guns in half those homes were kept unlocked; guns in one-sixth of them were kept loaded. Officials think some parents, guardians careless In that sense, the accident that killed Pittman's son was like many others. What set it apart, prosecutors said later, was that she should have known better. Kenney said someone had called the county's child welfare agency to say Pittman's children were seen chasing one another through the neighborhood with guns. A social services worker met with her, warned her that it was illegal to leave guns near unsupervised children, and offered to buy her a gun safe so she could secure them. Pittman's response, Kenney said later, was that the county should stay out of her business. Pittman tells a different story. She said she was never contacted by social services officials and insists she was unaware of the guns in her house, which belonged to her boyfriend. Prosecutors throughout the country say deciding whether to bring charges is seldom easy. Parents are suffering, and heaping a criminal prosecution on top of that grief may not do much to teach others to handle their guns more carefully. In some cases, the decision to seek charges can cost the surviving kids their parent. Kenney did not struggle with her decision. Less than three months after the shooting, a grand jury indicted Amy Pittman on charges of involuntary manslaughter and three counts of felony child abuse. Pittman dropped her kids with their grandmother and waited at a friend's house to be arrested. She wouldn't see them for almost a year and a half. Journalists from the USA TODAY Network and the AP spent months using information from the nonpartisan Gun Violence Archive, news reports and police records to examine all of the 152 accidents from 2014 to 2016 in which children younger than 12 either killed themselves or were mistakenly shot and killed by another child. The review found that about half of those deaths led to a criminal charge, usually against adults who police and prosecutors say should have watched the children more closely or secured their guns more carefully. The rest of the time, officials decided the grown-ups had broken no laws, or perhaps had simply suffered enough. In many cases, there was little to distinguish those deaths that led to a criminal charge from those that did not. Three other AP reporters and eight reporters from newspapers across the U.S. contributed to this report. Part of an ongoing collaboration between The Associated Press and the USA TODAY Network to examine issues related to gun violence in America. 19 Buy Now 2 NWI residents charged in Two Six gang investigation Sarah Reese sarah.reese@nwi.com, 219-933-3351 Updated May 31, 2017 CHICAGO — Two Northwest Indiana residents were among more than 45 members and associates of the Two Six street gang charged Friday following a two-year investigation into illegal drug and gun sales. Alexander Rivera, 26, of East Chicago, and Tara Zambrano, 24, of Griffith, each face one count of illegal possession of a firearm by a felon, records from the U.S. District Court in Chicago show. The investigation led by the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives resulted in federal charges against 21 people and state charges against 27. Many of the defendants live in Chicago, according to the U.S. attorney's office for the Northern District of Illinois. State and federal authorities involved in the investigation, called Operation Bunny Trap, uncovered the alleged criminal activity through undercover drug purchases and surveillance, according to a news release. Authorities seized 118 firearms, including several assault rifles and shotguns; 25 rounds of ammunition; two ballistic vests; more than 800 grams of cocaine; more than 250 grams of fentanyl; and more than 280 grams of crystal meth, the release said. The Two Six have been under investigation by federal and local law enforcement since 2014. The gang operates primarily on Chicago's South Side and surrounding suburbs, but also has ties to Indiana, Wisconsin, Texas, Georgia and Kansas, authorities said. According to a complaint, Rivera messaged a police informant via Facebook Aug. 27, 2016, that he had a new 12-gauge shotgun for sale. Rivera has a felony conviction and is believed to be a member of the Two Six, court records state. On Aug. 30, 2016, Rivera contacted the informant and they planned to meet at a Lowe's store at 8411 S. Holland Drive in Chicago, the complaint said. Rivera and Zambrano, also a felon, allegedly arrived together in a 2005 Ford Escape. Rivera and the informant did the Two Six handshake, and Rivera placed a gun case wrapped in a blanket into the informant's vehicle, court records said. Zambrano is accused of placing a box of ammunition into the vehicle. The informant paid Rivera $200 for the items, and they left the parking lot, according to court records.  20 Buy Now Portage cop cleared of wrongdoing in fatal shooting Bob Kasarda bob.kasarda@nwi.com, 219-548-4345 Updated May 30, 2017 VALPARAISO — A Portage police officer has been cleared of any wrongdoing in the April 22 shooting death of a local man during a traffic stop. "Officer (Grant) Crizer responded appropriately to the situation and his decision to discharge his weapon was done in the course of reasonable self-defense as a result of the actions taken by (William) Spates," according to a prepared statement from Porter County Prosecutor Brian Gensel. Portage Police Chief Troy Williams said in a prepared statement that Gensel's determination, "confirms that the response our officer took that evening based on Mr. Spates' actions were absolutely legal and justified just as I had expected." Pointing out that Spates had been arrested more than 20 times over the last 20 years, Williams said, "Mr. Spates attempted to murder our officer by running him down with his vehicle." Gensel revealed new details Friday about the events leading up to and during the shooting. The details are based on an investigation of the shooting by the Porter County Sheriff's Department and Indiana State Police. After Spates was arrested April 19 on charges of domestic battery and strangulation involving family members, he "made comments to the transporting officer about not wanting to live if he was taken away from his family and asking what it would take for the officer to shoot him," Gensel said. Spates was taken to jail where he was read the terms of an order preventing any further contact with his wife and their children, according to the press release. He was also prohibited from being in the area of the family home on Brown Street in Portage. "While incarcerated, Spates violated the no-contact order by attempting to call his wife numerous times," Gensel said. "The two spoke briefly during some of the calls and Spates was agitated and despondent." Spates bonded out of jail on April 21 and was supposed to stay in East Chicago with his mother. Crizer stopped a vehicle driven by Spates at 1:47 a.m. April 22 for allegedly disregarding a stop sign at Brown Street and Mulberry Avenue, Gensel said. Spates pulled into a driveway on Royal Street. "Spates gave false identification information and appeared very emotional, indicating that he 'messed up' and didn’t want to go back to jail," Gensel said. Spates reportedly ignored repeated requests by the officer to exit the vehicle, instead starting up the car in an attempt to leave. Crizer activated his Taser and struck Spates in the arm, according to the investigation. "Spates put the vehicle in reverse and rammed Crizer's vehicle parked behind him in an attempt to push it out of the way," Gensel said. "Crizer had to jump out of the way to avoid being hit by the open door. "Crizer went to the front of the vehicle with weapon drawn and continued to order Spates to comply," Gensel said. "At that point, Crizer observed Spates reach for the gear shift, believing that Spates intended to put the vehicle in forward and hit him. Crizer was boxed in by a fence and had no room to escape. He fired eight shots through the windshield and passenger window. Spates died from the gunshot wounds." Evidence collected from the scene, witness reports and statements from Spates' family about his recent state of mind back up the officer's story, Gensel said. Williams said, "While his family and friends mourn his death, I am thankful that our officer had the skills and training to survive this encounter. If not for Mr. Spates' own actions — let me say that again, Mr. Spates' own actions — he would still be here." "Officer Crizer will have to live with the decisions Mr. Spates chose that evening," Williams said. The Portage Police Department Shooting Review Board also found the shooting to be justified, Williams said. More like this... Tags Icymi Top Stories News Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Good Guys Collision 8201 Clay St., Merrillville, IN 46410 Ads Whiting Robertsdale Chamber Of Commerce 1417 119th St, Whiting, IN 46394 CUSTOM ARMAMENT 2600 BEECH ST, VALPARAISO, IN 46383 Munster Parks & Recreation 1005 Ridge Road, Munster, IN 46321 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Duo spend 48 hours in Walmart for YouTube stunt - Tucson News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Justice For Isabel Arizona Politics Great Things Happen Here Border News 3 attackers, 7 victims killed in London Bridge area terror attacks Business Traffic map SLIDESHOWS Watch Tucson News Now KOLD Investigates See it, Snap it, Send it Education In Southern Arizona News Crime & Courts Live CBS Video Flight tracker Fighting The Flu Border News Terrorism around the world Noticias KOLD 13 SLIDESHOWS Mass shootings in the U.S. National Weather Weather main page 3 Degree Guarantee Interactive Radar Science news Live cams Traffic map Flight Tracker Team Bios Sign up for email alerts Hurricanes Wildfires Sports Tucson Rodeo UA Basketball News from the NFL UA Sports UA Football Tucson Roadrunners Overtime FC Tucson El Tour de Tucson Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Auto Racing College Sports News Video News Videos main page Live CBS Video Right This Minute Video Coverage TV Watch Tucson News Now Watch CBS Shows TV Schedule On-air schedule MeTV GRIT TV CRIME WATCH DAILY Watch My Fox Shows ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT Watch My Network TV Shows What's For Lunch? Community AZ WEEKEND Discover Arizona See it, Snap it, Send it Fresh Bites Pet Connection Pet Pals Speaker Request Events Lifestyle About Us Contact Us Speaker Request Reporters and Anchors KOLD-TV jobs Raycom Media jobs KMSB-TV Jobs Digital Sales CONTESTS Win tickets to the Summer Safari Nights at Reid Park Zoo Health Health main page Fighting the Flu Komen - Health Connection Zika virus Sex & Relationships Marketplace Duo spend 48 hours in Walmart for YouTube stunt 2017-05-27T15:28:47Z2017-05-27T15:28:47Z Christian and Noah show their progress. (Source: WXIN via CNN) BLOOMINGTON, IN (WXIN/CNN) - It's a stunt that has been attempted before, but until now no one had succeeded. But two Indiana University students conquered the challenge of staying in a Walmart store for 48 hours straight. The challenge was recorded and shared as part of a YouTube stunt for The Christian and Noah Show. "It was awful, really," Christian said. The video has more than 24,000 views, which is low by YouTube viral standards, but the story was picked up by major outlets, including "The Today Show." For two nights, the duo slept in the store on shelves behind boxes, ate at the store's Subway restaurant, played with toys in the aisles and even got a haircut. "The weirdest thing for me was when we were trying to go to sleep because we were so paranoid," Noah said. "Like, what if someone wakes us up in the middle of our sleeping and kicks us out?" They said they knew this was the video that could get them national attention, and that’s exactly what happened. "The concept is basically to showcase our humor, to make funny stuff that we think is funny and we think other people find it funny," Christian said. "If you visualize something and you believe it with all your heart, it will come to you, but you have to work for it." The pair have been friends since the third grade and plan to move to Los Angeles after graduation from Indiana's film school to pursue their passion for film and entertainment together. "To anyone in particular that's trying to make a YouTube channel or make a living off the internet is don't be afraid to be weird," Noah said. "You're not going to make it doing something that everyone else is already doing." You can watch their video here: Copyright 2017 WXIN via CNN. All rights reserved. Social media newsMore>> Google's Chrome browser to block some ads starting next year Google's Chrome browser to block some ads starting next year Posted: Sunday, June 4 2017 10:43 PM EDT2017-06-05 02:43:18 GMT Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 10:43 PM EDT2017-06-05 02:43:18 GMT Google says its Chrome browser will block ads on websites it deems too annoying for web users starting next year. Google says its Chrome browser will block ads on websites it deems too annoying for web users starting next year. Online game Words with Friends adds 'covfefe' to its list Online game Words with Friends adds 'covfefe' to its list Posted: Sunday, June 4 2017 10:43 PM EDT2017-06-05 02:43:17 GMT Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 10:43 PM EDT2017-06-05 02:43:17 GMT The mysterious term which President Donald Trump tweeted has spread like wildfire on social media and the Scrabble-like multiplayer game has now jumped aboard, defining the word as "the amount and quality of... The mysterious term which President Donald Trump tweeted has spread like wildfire on social media and the Scrabble-like multiplayer game has now jumped aboard, defining the word as "the amount and quality of reporting when autocorrect fails you at 3am.". Trump's tweeted typo covfefe becoming vanity license plates Trump's tweeted typo covfefe becoming vanity license plates Posted: Sunday, June 4 2017 1:09 PM EDT2017-06-04 17:09:18 GMT Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 1:09 PM EDT2017-06-04 17:09:18 GMT President Trump's mysterious tweeted typo is coming soon to a license plate near you. President Trump's mysterious tweeted typo is coming soon to a license plate near you. Man flashing money on Facebook Live arrested on drug charges Man flashing money on Facebook Live arrested on drug charges Posted: Sunday, June 4 2017 1:09 PM EDT2017-06-04 17:09:13 GMT Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 1:09 PM EDT2017-06-04 17:09:13 GMT A Florida man joyfully flashing money live on the internet got a sudden surprise when police officers barged in and arrested him for allegedly selling drugs. A Florida man joyfully flashing money live on the internet got a sudden surprise when police officers barged in and arrested him for allegedly selling drugs. Twitter's famous shark swims again near Atlantic City coast Twitter's famous shark swims again near Atlantic City coast Posted: Friday, June 2 2017 1:50 PM EDT2017-06-02 17:50:37 GMT Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 1:50 PM EDT2017-06-02 17:50:37 GMT Twitter's favorite great white shark popped up near the coast of New Jersey again. Twitter's favorite great white shark popped up near the coast of New Jersey again.    Can't Find Something? KOLD FCC Public File jhengemuehler@tucsonnewsnow.com (520) 744-1313 EEO Report Closed Captioning KMSB FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning KTTU FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning 7831 N. Business Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85743 (520) 744-1313 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
News Mugshots Obituaries Trade or Sell Events Church Community How To Add Events Add Event Community Weather Property Transactions Marriage Licenses Local Salaries Community Links WTSB Listen WTSB Streaming Audio Program Schedule 1090 AM 105.5 FM Radio Coverage Map Carl’s Book WMPM Contact Us Search 72.9 F Smithfield, NC Monday, June 5, 2017 Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. JoCo Report News Mugshots Obituaries Trade or Sell Events Church Community How To Add Events Add Event Community Weather Property Transactions Marriage Licenses Local Salaries Community Links WTSB Listen WTSB Streaming Audio Program Schedule 1090 AM 105.5 FM Radio Coverage Map Carl’s Book WMPM Contact Us Home News Man Shot With Pellet Gun In Wal-Mart Parking Lot News Man Shot With Pellet Gun In Wal-Mart Parking Lot May 27, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet No charges will be filed against a 24 year-old man who allegedly shot himself with a pellet gun. The incident was reported around 11:00pm Thursday in the parking lot of Wal-Mart in Smithfield. Police said the man, who is from Jefferson, Georgia, was inside a motor home in the parking area. While loading a pellet gun he shot himself in the side. He was transported by ambulance to Johnston Medical Center for treatment. Police announced Friday the individual will not face any charges, saying the incident was accidental. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articlePolice Investigating Break-Ins Next articleCamels Eliminated From Big South Championship With Narrow 6-5 Loss Writer RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR News Mudcats Rally Back With 4 Runs Over Final Two Innings In 8-7 Walk-Off Win News Four Oaks Bank Sponsors Conservation Workshop Scholarship News Two Schools Will Operate Under New Schedules This Fall Follow Us Most Popular This Week Memorial Day Ceremony Held In Smithfield May 29, 2017 School Board Wins Lawsuit Over Retired Superintendent’s Pension May 31, 2017 Teen Seriously Injured In Crash May 29, 2017 Recent Posts Mudcats Rally Back With 4 Runs Over Final Two Innings In 8-7 Walk-Off Win Four Oaks Bank Sponsors Conservation Workshop Scholarship Two Schools Will Operate Under New Schedules This Fall Elementary Battle Of The Books Winning Team Recognized ABOUT USJoCoReport.com provides you with the latest in local news from Johnston and surrounding counties. Check back daily to get the latest news for your area. Contact us: Info@JoCoReport.com FOLLOW US © 2017 Lamm Media Group MORE STORIES 0 Mudcats Rally Back With 4 Runs Over Final Two Innings In 8-7 Walk-Off Win June 4, 2017 0 Four Oaks Bank Sponsors Conservation Workshop Scholarship June 4, 2017
Search Primary Menu Skip to content Wind Energy Other renewables Grids Electric Vehicle System Operator Batteries Pumping system OpEd Español Search for: Evwind, News Menu, OpEd, System Operator, Uncategorized, Wind Energy, wind energy Wind energy customers discuss what comes after PTC phase out May 27, 2017 reve American wind power’s future growth will be driven by a diverse range of customers and trends. Leaders representing a corporate purchaser, deregulated utility, a public utility commissioner, and a wind developer, discussed a few of those trends – demand from diverse customers, transmission expansion, falling costs, and storytelling – on the closing General Session panel as the WINDPOWER 2017 Conference wrapped up this week in Anaheim.   There are many customers for wind energy, including utilities, Fortune 500 brands, cities, and universities. Demand is strong because low, stable prices for wind help these companies and organizations improve their bottom line while also helping them reach sustainability targets. “If you look at our panel, you have a developer, a utility, a regulator, and a corporate purchaser,” said Rob Threlkeld, Global Manager, Renewable Energy, for General Motors. “There’s your message. We’re at the point where wind and solar have become mainstream technology.” General Motors has signed several long term contracts for wind energy, including to supply an assembly plant in Arlington, Texas, that makes 1,000 SUVs a day. The company has also committed to RE100, to source all of their global electric power from renewable sources by 2050. GM isn’t alone, other Fortune 500 brands including Amazon, Microsoft, and Walmart have all purchased wind energy. Threlkeld added, “Look at GM’s supply chain. How many thousands of suppliers we have that are interested in renewable energy as well.” “By continuing to get cost competitive, continuing to improve the wind energy product – it’s already great – you’ll capture a lot of potential customers out there, not only public utilities and corporate purchasers, but municipal utilities, rural co-ops, and other entities,” said Buzz Miller, President and CEO, Southern Power, a deregulated utility and power producer. Miller added, “Whether it’s electric vehicles or renewables, what customers want will ultimately drive it.” Expanding and upgrading our nation’s vital electric transmission infrastructure can help connect world-class U.S. wind resources to load centers like cities and factories. That will help save consumers money and boost the reliability and resiliency of the U.S. electricity supply. “Wind can stay attractive. You fix some of the transmission issues around, keep vibrant, and we can get through that [the PTC phase out],” said Miller. Wind power has grown rapidly over the last few years. Rapidly changing technology and falling costs have resulted in wind supplying over 5 percent of U.S. electricity, and more than 20 percent of electricity in five states. Wind power also supports over 100,000 American jobs. Telling the story – how wind works for America – is more important than ever. “We have massive room to grow in telling the story of wind power,” said Miller. “One of the greatest infrastructure successes is tied to the wind energy PTC, thousands of megawatts, billions of dollars of investment, and the jobs that go with it.” AWEA CEO Tom Kiernan in his remarks and columns this week in trade media described 16 trends that will continue to buoy the industry beyond 2020, once the wind energy Production Tax Credit (PTC) completes its current phase out. They include the falling cost of wind energy, expanding state policies like California’s, and upgrades to the nation’s power grid and transmission infrastructure. WINDPOWER 2018 heads to Chicago As thousands of attendees head home from Anaheim, show organizers reflected on success this year while looking ahead to WINDPOWER 2018, May 7-10 in Chicago. “WINDPOWER in Anaheim brought more action than ever to the show floor,” said Jana Adams, AWEA Senior Vice President of Membership Value and Experience. “From the design of our exhibit space, to the broadcasting of our general sessions, and spotlight on new exhibitors, we’re maximizing opportunities to make connections and ink new deals.” Attendee Neal Gyngard agreed, “The biggest thing out of this, is to finally get to meet some of these people I’ve emailed with for years. You’re chatting with someone at WINDPOWER and you realize they helped you get a torque wrench three years ago. And the reception at Angel Stadium, that was an awesome way to kick it off, so much fun.” Gyngard organizes a network of wind turbine technicians, the “Tower Climbing Grease Monkeys”. Adams added, “We’ve already sold over 90 percent of the exhibit space for next year’s conference. We think you’ll be blown away when WINDPOWER 2018 arrives in the Windy City.” A media kit for the conference is available here: www.awea.org/WINDPOWER2017MediaKit American Wind Energy AssociationAWEAeólicaPTCU.S.wind energy Post navigation Previous PostSpain to hold a new 3,000 MW renewable energy auctionNext PostAcciona starts up the first hybrid wind power storage plant in Spain using batteries Follow us in social media Become a member of AEE Do you want to be an E-Ambassador? Click here Subscribe me Name:* Email:* * This field is required Tag Cloud Acciona AEE aerogeneradores Argentina Asociación Empresarial Eólica AWEA Brasil Chile China CO2 coche eléctrico concentrated solar power Concentrating Solar Power CSP Enel Green Power energías renovables España EV eólica Eólica marina eólico Fotovoltaica Gamesa GE Iberdrola India Latinoamérica México offshore photovoltaic Protermosolar PV renewable energy Siemens solar energy Solar Power termosolar U.S. UK Vestas wind-farm Wind Energy wind energy wind power África Home About us About wind energy What is wind energy? The advantages About the electric vehicle Definition and types Wind energy and The Electric Vehicle V2G Grids Contact us Archives June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 Spanish Reve          Spanish Wind Energy Association          The blog of AEE          Convention Wind and Global Wind Day          Creating Web Design and applications viaintermedia
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman WINDPOWER 2017 closes with an eye on 2020 Diverse wind energy customers discuss what comes after PTC phase out May 26, 2017 ANAHEIM, Calif. — American wind power’s future growth will be driven by a diverse range of customers and trends. Leaders representing a corporate purchaser, deregulated utility, a public utility commissioner, and a wind developer, discussed a few of those trends – demand from diverse customers, transmission expansion, falling costs, and storytelling – on the closing General Session panel as the WINDPOWER 2017 Conference wrapped up this week in Anaheim. There are many customers for wind energy, including utilities, Fortune 500 brands, cities, and universities. Demand is strong because low, stable prices for wind help these companies and organizations improve their bottom line while also helping them reach sustainability targets. “If you look at our panel, you have a developer, a utility, a regulator, and a corporate purchaser,” said Rob Threlkeld, Global Manager, Renewable Energy, for General Motors. “There’s your message. We’re at the point where wind and solar have become mainstream technology.” General Motors has signed several long term contracts for wind energy, including to supply an assembly plant in Arlington, Texas, that makes 1,000 SUVs a day. The company has also committed to RE100, to source all of their global electric power from renewable sources by 2050. GM isn’t alone, other Fortune 500 brands including Amazon, Microsoft, and Walmart have all purchased wind energy. Threlkeld added, “Look at GM’s supply chain. How many thousands of suppliers we have that are interested in renewable energy as well.” “By continuing to get cost competitive, continuing to improve the wind energy product – it’s already great – you’ll capture a lot of potential customers out there, not only public utilities and corporate purchasers, but municipal utilities, rural co-ops, and other entities,” said Buzz Miller, President and CEO, Southern Power, a deregulated utility and power producer. Miller added, “Whether it’s electric vehicles or renewables, what customers want will ultimately drive it.” Expanding and upgrading our nation’s vital electric transmission infrastructure can help connect world-class U.S. wind resources to load centers like cities and factories. That will help save consumers money and boost the reliability and resiliency of the U.S. electricity supply. “Wind can stay attractive. You fix some of the transmission issues around, keep vibrant, and we can get through that [the PTC phase out],” said Miller. Wind power has grown rapidly over the last few years. Rapidly changing technology and falling costs have resulted in wind supplying over 5 percent of U.S. electricity, and more than 20 percent of electricity in five states. Wind power also supports over 100,000 American jobs. Telling the story – how wind works for America – is more important than ever. “We have massive room to grow in telling the story of wind power,” said Miller. “One of the greatest infrastructure successes is tied to the wind energy PTC, thousands of megawatts, billions of dollars of investment, and the jobs that go with it.” AWEA CEO Tom Kiernan in his remarks and columns this week in trade media described 16 trends that will continue to buoy the industry beyond 2020, once the wind energy Production Tax Credit (PTC) completes its current phase out. They include the falling cost of wind energy, expanding state policies like California’s, and upgrades to the nation’s power grid and transmission infrastructure. WINDPOWER 2018 heads to Chicago As thousands of attendees head home from Anaheim, show organizers reflected on success this year while looking ahead to WINDPOWER 2018, May 7-10 in Chicago. “WINDPOWER in Anaheim brought more action than ever to the show floor,” said Jana Adams, AWEA Senior Vice President of Membership Value and Experience. “From the design of our exhibit space, to the broadcasting of our general sessions, and spotlight on new exhibitors, we’re maximizing opportunities to make connections and ink new deals.” Attendee Neal Gyngard agreed, “The biggest thing out of this, is to finally get to meet some of these people I’ve emailed with for years. You’re chatting with someone at WINDPOWER and you realize they helped you get a torque wrench three years ago. And the reception at Angel Stadium, that was an awesome way to kick it off, so much fun.” Gyngard organizes a network of wind turbine technicians, the “Tower Climbing Grease Monkeys”. Adams added, “We’ve already sold over 90 percent of the exhibit space for next year’s conference. We think you’ll be blown away when WINDPOWER 2018 arrives in the Windy City.” A media kit for the conference is available here: www.awea.org/WINDPOWER2017MediaKit      ### AWEA is the national trade association of the U.S. wind energy industry. We represent 1,000 member companies and over 100,000 jobs in the U.S. economy, serving as a powerful voice for how wind works for America. Members include global leaders in wind power and energy development, turbine manufacturing, and component and service suppliers. They gather each year at the Western Hemisphere’s largest wind power trade show, the AWEA WINDPOWER Conference & Exhibition, next in Anaheim, California, May 22-26, 2017. Find information about wind energy on the AWEA website. Gain insight into industry issues on AWEA’s blog, Into the Wind. And please join us on , and follow @AWEA on . CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Welding Fire Blankets market expected to grow at a CAGR of 3.00% during the period 2017-2021 Including Key Players Auburn Manufacturing, ESAB, Steiner Industries Next PostNext United States Thermoplastics Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
  Community Video Parenting Pregnancy Baby Names Baby Tips & Advice Toddler & Preschoolers K-12 Schools & Education Family Fun How-Tos Food Cooking & Entertaining Quick & Easy Recipes Healthy Recipes Brunch Recipes Drink Recipes Dessert Recipes How-Tos Entertainment Movies Celebrity Gossip Television Books Music Beauty & Style Fashion & Style Makeup Skin Care Hair How-Tos Love Relationships Dating Sex Weddings How Tos Health Well-being Diet Workouts Children’s Health How-Tos Living Travel Crafts Careers Finance How-Tos Pets Home Decor & Style Home Improvement Organizing Outdoor Living How-Tos Special Series Featured Partners Best Deals Best Reviews Top Fashion Sheknows TV Guide Community Video Parenting Pregnancy Baby Names Baby Tips & Advice Toddler & Preschoolers K-12 Schools & Education Family Fun How-Tos Food Cooking & Entertaining Quick & Easy Recipes Healthy Recipes Brunch Recipes Drink Recipes Dessert Recipes All Recipes How-Tos Entertainment Movies Celebrity Gossip Television Books Music Beauty & Style Fashion & Style Makeup Skin Care Hair How-Tos Love Relationships Dating Sex Weddings How Tos Health Well-being Diet Workouts Children’s Health How-Tos Living Travel Crafts Careers Finance How-Tos Pets Home Decor & Style Home Improvement Organizing Outdoor Living How-Tos Special Series Featured Partners Best Deals Best Reviews Top Fashion Sheknows TV Guide Facebook Twitter60.1k Pinterest161k Google Plus5.6k Sign up for our Newsletters Contact Us Advertise AdChoices Careers Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Terms of Use About us SheKnows Family SheKnows Canada SheKnows UK SheKnows Australia BlogHer Soaps StyleCaster DailyMakeover DrinksMixer SheKnows Media ‐ Beauty and Style 14614 North Kierland Boulevard S150 Scottsdale, AZ 85254 Phone: (480) 237-7100 Contact: corporate.sheknows.com © Copyright 2003-2017 SheKnows, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Connect with Facebook Connect with Twitter Connect with Google SheKnows Connect Create an account Sign out Start writing Video Share Tweet Pin Share Share this Story Share Tweet Pin Share Stumble Share CopyCopied! Email Print What would you like to know? Search results for: BEAUTY & STYLE 10 Things No One Ever Told You About Coloring Your Hair NEXT STORY How to Fix Split Ends Without Cutting Them 5 hours ago by STYLECASTER STYLECASTER delivers your daily forecast of need-to-know fashion, beauty, entertainment, and lifestyle intel. Practical and modern, we give readers the tools they need to lead a more stylish life. View Profile Image: Todor Tsvetkov/Getty Images Print 8 things you can do to avoid split ends Share Tweet Pin Share Tumble Combined comments & shares on social media There’s no hair enemy as fierce and unyielding as the much-dreaded split end — so when experts offer up advice on how to get rid of split ends without cutting, you know we’re listening. “Split ends occur when the protective outer layer of the hair cuticle wears away because of external stressors such as heat styling and salon chemical services,” explains Amy Abramite, creative director and stylist at Chicago’s Maxine Salon. “Once the internal structure of the hair is exposed, it becomes weakened, dehydrated and damaged, causing split ends.” More: The Kardashians’ Hairstylist Says This Will Be 2017’s Most Popular Haircut The only proven split end treatment method is to have them snipped off, but we asked around and found several things you can do between salon appointments to improve the look of damage and prevent more splits from occurring. Use a wide-tooth comb After you apply conditioner in the shower, slowly run a wide-tooth comb through hair until all the tangles are out. This prevents the snaps and breakage you can incur when you try to brush out hair that is roughed up from a towel-dry, advises Jessie James, stylist at New York’s Marie Robinson salon. Mind your heat tools That bargain-bin blow-dryer may be a tempting purchase, but inexpensive tools tend to dangerously overheat over time and burn ends into splits, warns James. Instead, use a top-rated economical brand like Conair Infiniti Pro 259Y (Walmart, $24.94), or invest in a professional-grade dryer like BaBylissPro Volare V1 Dryer with Ferrari Designed Engine (Ulta, $179.95). Go gentle “Imagine wearing a silk blouse every single day. It would get pretty beat up. Treat your hair like an expensive fabric, and it will last longer and look better,” says Natasha Sunshine, owner of Santa Monica’s Byu-Ti Salon. Use only covered elastics with no metal piece, like those made by Goody, to tie hair into a ponytail. If you’re looking for a sleek look, rely on products like a gel, like Nexxus Exxtra Hold Defining Gel (Target, $9.99) and a finishing spray like Rene Furterer Vegetal Styling Finishing Spray (Rene Furterer, $29) to create a smooth finish instead of pulling hair too tightly to achieve it alone. Take folic acid and biotin There’s a reason they say you are what you eat. Nutrients literally build the proteins that make up your hair strands. Two B vitamins in particular — folic acid and biotin — have been shown to supplement hair health, length and thickness, says Sunshine. Folic acid helps the production of red blood cells, which powers the growth of hair. Foods rich in folic acid include green leafy veggies, oranges, soybeans and wheat. Biotin strengthens both hair and nails through its metabolism of fats, carbs and proteins. Brown rice, lentils, peas, sunflower seeds, walnuts and soybeans are all rich in biotin. Use leave-in conditioner Conditioners that you rinse out in the shower will do little to nothing for split ends, but a leave-in conditioner will add extra protection that stays on strands as you heat-style and go about your day. Try Living Proof Perfect Hair Day Fresh Cut Split End Mender (Sephora, $24), which can be applied to wet or dry hair for anytime use. Blow-dry the right way Always use a nozzle on your dryer to control and direct the flow of air and dry hair in a downward direction before sectioning off and drying completely with a round brush. This way, you spend far less time with intense heat straight on the hair. “If possible, air-drying 90 percent before picking up the blow-dryer is even better,” says Sunshine. And of course, if you can naturally dry all the way, that’s always your best option. Limit damaging services There’s unfortunately no way around it — treatments like hair color, highlights, straightening and perms all cause trauma that can result in a bevy of split ends, says Abramite. Try to limit service to just one major hair concern and refrain from washing strands for at least 48 hours afterward, when they’re most porous and likely to break and split. Not only will hair health improve after you go on a chemical-service diet, but your wallet will thank you. Get regular cuts Although a haircut is the only way to get rid of split ends, regular trims are your best protection against them. The longer you wait to trim, the greater the chance you have of split ends worsening and traveling up the shaft. It may sound counterintuitive, but this is why it’s actually best to get frequent trims if you’re trying to grow longer, healthier hair. Whatever your hair type or style, our experts recommend you get a cut or trim at least every six to eight weeks. More: 17 of the Coolest, Cutest Korean Beauty Products Inspired by Food Originally posted on StyleCaster. Tagged in hair tips split ends Comments Follow Us Facebook Twitter60.1k Pinterest161k Google Plus5.6k RSS SheKnows Media ‐ Beauty and Style Slideshows 13 Birkenstock Look-Alikes That Are a Total Steal 30 Inspiring Photos That'll Make You Want a Lob 15 White Dresses to Wear This Memorial Day 19 Women You Should Be Following for Major Hair Inspiration Subscribe to SheKnows Daily News The stuff you need to know, crafted just for you. Please enter a valid email address. Related Articles 10 Things No One Ever Told You About Coloring Your Hair by STYLECASTER 1 day ago How to Wash Your Hair — the Right Way by STYLECASTER 2 days ago 8 (Actually Delicious) Foods That Can Make Your Hair Grow Faster by STYLECASTER 3 days ago Today's Big Stories 7 of the Coolest (& Safest) Bunk Beds What Are Yoni Eggs & Why Could They Be Dangerous? Does Shaving Your Dog’s Coat Really Keep Them Cooler? Hot New in Beauty & Style Close The menu button now contains all of the sections of our site. And you'll see personalized content just for you whenever you click the My Feed . SheKnows is making some changes! b e  h e a r d ! Welcome to the new SheKnows Community, where you can share your stories, ideas and CONNECT with millions of women. Get Started
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News open Business open Opinion open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Obituaries open Jobs open Autos Real Estate open Classifieds open FIND&SAVE open Photos & Videos open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community open Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business open Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges open Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports open More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Girls Volleyball Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar open Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining open Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region Real-Time News from AL.com Memorial Day sales 2017: Best deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Target, H&M, JC Penney Updated on May 28, 2017 at 11:33 AM Posted on May 27, 2017 at 5:03 AM Walmart, Target, Best Buy and more will have special Memorial Day sales.(File photo/Gulflive.com) By Leada Gore lgore@al.com Memorial Day is a time set aside to honor those who lost their lives in the service of their country. The day is also the traditional kick off of summer and retailers are quick to jump on the bandwagon with special Memorial Day sales. Here's a look at some of the best offers from Memorial Day 2017: Walmart The nation's largest retailer will hold its Memorial Day sale through May 29. Take up to 76 percent off patio furniture with orders of $35 or more getting free shipping on most items. Instore pickup is also available. Best Buy Best Buy's four-day sale includes 4KTvs, computers, appliances, home theater components, digital cameras, and more. Sale ends May 29. Online orders of $35 or more qualify for free shipping. Kohl's Kohl's is holding a mattress and furniture sale for Memorial Day and you can grab tees and tops for the family for less than $10. Get $10 off a $25 purchase with promo code "TAKE10." Sale ends May 29. Crocs Crocs is offering 25 percent off sitewide with free shipping on orders of $25 or more. If you use code "MEMORIALDAY" your discount will go up to 35 percent off, according to DealNews. Sale ends May 31. H&M H&M's Memorial Day sales includes up to 60 percent off men's, women's, kids' and home items with some deals as low as $5. Coupon code "4791" net free shipping on all orders, according to Deal News. Sale ends May 29. Target It's a good time to buy home and patio items, as well as furniture, at Target, with prices marked 30 percent off for Memorial Day. You can take an extra 15 percent off with coupon code HERO. Free shipping with most orders of $35 or more. Deal ends May 29. Vera Bradley Vera Bradley is offering up to 50 percent off a selection of its patterns and styles and all orders come with free shipping. Deal ends May 30. You can also get a free beach towel with any full-price purchase of $100 or more. Cabela's Save up to 50 percent at Cabela's through May 31, including 20 percent off Keen's, up to 40 percent off Imeon sleeping bags and deals on ammunition and camping supplies. Home Depot Patio furniture, grills, tools and more are discounted during Home Depot Memorial Day Sale. Patio furniture and accessories are up to 30 percent off; grills and smokers are marked down by as much as 15 percent. Shipping starts at $5.99 or free with orders of $45 or more. Sale ends May 31. JC Penney Select apparel, decor, bedding, appliances and outdoor items are up to 60 percent off at JC Penney. Take an extra 15 percent off with coupon code "FUNDEAL" or 20 percent off orders of $100 or more with coupon code "7GOSAVE." Orders of $99 or more qualify for free shipping. Lowe's Save up to 40 percent off select appliances and sales on mulch and garden soil at Lowe's. Offers end June 5. More even more Memorial Day sales, go here. Ever wonder what not to buy on Memorial Day? According to Marketwatch, you should skip automobiles, laptops, televisions, gym equipment, power tools and jewelry. View Comments About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Eat/Drink Going way out to attract food, drink customers (VIDEO) Saturday May 27, 2017 11:03 AM GMT+8 ICYMI ‘Modern-day bank robbery’ lands Malaysian in Aussie jail The Edit: Message of defiance at concert The Edit: Hidden eats in Chow Kit The Edit: ‘Wonder Woman’ tops box office Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article NEW YORK, May 27 — Just when you thought you'd gotten over Starbuck's sensation, the Unicorn Frappuccino, two more products are vying to quench your appetite for bizarre fare. This week, PepsiCo put Pepsi Fire on store shelves. The cola delivers a cinnamon kick. Think mild Fireball. Just weeks earlier, Wal-Mart unrolled the Crotilla — a buttery mashup of a croissant and tortilla. Unlike croissants, you can easily slice them to make sandwiches or eat them for dessert. Such so-called “stunt foods” combine strange ingredients or feature unusual tastes, and they're typically available for a limited time. Feeding the craze: Slow times for restaurants and consumer product makers. David Henkes of food research firm Technomic says: “I think it works in the short term, right? If you look at what Taco Bell or what Starbucks does, these are typically limited time offers. So there's a little bit of a scarcity built into it that appeals to consumers and drives them into a restaurant, drives them to buy that product, and then it disappears.” Screen grab from the Reuters video on 'stunt foods.'Henkes notes Taco Bell's 6 per cent sales growth last year outpaced its peers. Its food lab has dished up oddities like tacos using fried chicken as shells or even Doritos chips. On Thursday, the chain said it plan to grow global sales to US$15 billion (RM64.1 billion) in five years. Like many others, Wal-Mart hopes Millennials will think “eureka” when they try the Crotilla. Spokesperson Michelle Malashock says: “We do know that Millennials enjoy a good mashup every now and then. So from a marketing perspective, we definitely thought about putting these in our stores. We know we have a high concentration of Millennial shoppers. We do know from research and experience that Millennials love to experience food, and for them, food is an event.” Wal-Mart won't release any sales numbers. More than 800 stores bake the Crotilla daily, and Wal-Mart aims to roll it out to a few hundred more in the coming months. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week In the hustle bustle Superb cheese naan and value-for-money biryani at PJ’s Chacha Naan and Biryani The curry mee that stood the test of time Singapore hawkers to feature in Anthony Bourdain’s street food market in New York Fit for a prince The curry mee that stood the test of time Superb cheese naan and value-for-money biryani at PJ’s Chacha Naan and Biryani Singapore hawkers to feature in Anthony Bourdain’s street food market in New York The world drank less alcohol in 2016, says report The explosion of American beer in numbers Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: With rave reviews, 'Wonder Woman' readies to launch Reuters Video: Francois Ozon's 'L'Amant Double' shocks at Cannes Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles NYC coffee shop sues Starbucks over Unicorn beverage Starbucks’ Unicorn Frappuccino sparks backlash from baristas (VIDEO) ‘Unicorn food’ is colourful, sparkly and everywhere (VIDEO) Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines It’s strawberry season Battle Ground schools get new leadership Class of 2017 pursues ideals Aerospace industry, led by Insitu, lifts economies of Columbia Gorge communities Jayne: Ilani alters the conversation for Cowlitz Tribe, county Agendas for the week’s government meetings Clark County’s culture of cycling is growing Weather Eye: Enjoy return to seasonal norms, sun’s reappearance Cyclists, officials pedal through Vancouver’s bike infrastructure Cycling around the city of Vancouver can be a joy -- except for those spots where it's a big problem. Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Miranda pitches 4-hitter as Mariners sweep Rays Zunino’s slam, 7 RBIs power Mariners past Rays Miami’s Volquez throws first no-hitter of 2017 Horan scores twice in Thorns’ road win Seahawks not signing Kaepernick, for now Oklahoma beats UW at softball World Series Mariners slug their way past Rays Valeri scores twice to power Timbers Bonneville Dam fish count 6/2 Fans can vote for All-Region soccer Union’s Cranston picks prep academy Cameron Cranston wants to keep his dream of playing NCAA Division I basketball alive, and will take another year in… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Ways homebuyers can leap the down-payment hurdle Workers reluctant to take time off Aerospace industry, led by Insitu, lifts economies of Columbia Gorge communities Tech Test: Preparing for the crash: Synology box keeps your data safe Lyft’s first diversity report shows workforce mostly white and male Berko: Just can’t recommend investing in General Motors Health Worker Report Berko: Will the Federal Reserve sell bonds? Kangol comes home: Hat firm’s return to U.S. encounters many challenges Convicted fraud figure arrested again Tech Test: Preparing for the crash: Synology box keeps your data safe Synology might not be a company you’ve heard much about. The technology firm makes network attached storage appliances that can… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Leo seriously great in show about laughs Podcaster mixes humor and politics ‘Jurassic World’ exhibit is mix of art, science How ‘Wonder Woman’ director Patty Jenkins cracked the superhero-movie glass ceiling Mayim Bialik pens guide for young girls Holy Fire burns in U.S. for first time Takei slams racist criticism of ‘Star Trek’ Check It Out: Sign up for fun with the Summer Reading program Big brands wake up to demand for modest fashion Clark County’s culture of cycling is growing Check It Out: Sign up for fun with the Summer Reading program It’s almost Summer Reading time at the library — yahoo! In case you thought the Summer Reading program was just… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Press Talk Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Plan Ahead for Parking Jayne: Ilani alters the conversation for Cowlitz Tribe, county Harrop: U.S. happiness rank is sad Wyman: Libraries provide valuable services, deserve federal support Will: Hail Buckley, conservatism’s shining star Griffin’s Trump stunt was offensive Letter: Bridge group is on right path Letter: Trump is, above all, a realist Letter: Travel ban misses its target Letter: Demand answers from Trump Editorial Cartoons, June 4-10 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Uptown Village parking worries on the rise with growth Everybody Has a Story: Bear bite was ticket to family attention You Can Help In the Service Students raise money to purchase iPods for Alzheimer’s patients Camas horse rider wins state title Washougal High School students honored for STEM work Local boy collects donations for homeless at birthday party Hit-and-run victim receives donated wheelchair Riders donate cash to coffee house Uptown Village parking worries on the rise with growth Vancouver’s Uptown Village is, quite literally, on the rise. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Garage Sales Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Amazon opens grocery pickup to rival Wal-Mart By Bloomberg Published: May 26, 2017, 7:20 PM A   A SEATTLE — Amazon.com opened two grocery pickup kiosks in Seattle, part of its latest effort to enter the $800 billion grocery market and compete with “click and collect” shopping options from big box competitors like Wal-Mart Stores. The “AmazonFresh Pickup” spots let shoppers buy groceries online and pick them up in as little as 15 minutes rather than having them delivered to their homes. The service is open to Amazon Prime members who pay $99 a year for delivery discounts and video and music streaming. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
About US Contact US Registration Sunday June 4th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Analysis-Reportage MIL Analysis-Reportage Security-Intel-Police Security Intelligence Cyber Security Defence Economics Environment WINDPOWER 2017 closes with an eye on 2020 By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  May 27, 2017  /  Comments Off on WINDPOWER 2017 closes with an eye on 2020       Print       Email MIL OSI Oil Gas Energy – Source: American Wind Energy Association – Press Release/Statement: Headline: WINDPOWER 2017 closes with an eye on 2020 Diverse wind energy customers discuss what comes after PTC phase out May 26, 2017 ANAHEIM, Calif. — American wind power’s future growth will be driven by a diverse range of customers and trends. Leaders representing a corporate purchaser, deregulated utility, a public utility commissioner, and a wind developer, discussed a few of those trends – demand from diverse customers, transmission expansion, falling costs, and storytelling – on the closing General Session panel as the WINDPOWER 2017 Conference wrapped up this week in Anaheim. There are many customers for wind energy, including utilities, Fortune 500 brands, cities, and universities. Demand is strong because low, stable prices for wind help these companies and organizations improve their bottom line while also helping them reach sustainability targets. “If you look at our panel, you have a developer, a utility, a regulator, and a corporate purchaser,” said Rob Threlkeld, Global Manager, Renewable Energy, for General Motors. “There’s your message. We’re at the point where wind and solar have become mainstream technology.” General Motors has signed several long term contracts for wind energy, including to supply an assembly plant in Arlington, Texas, that makes 1,000 SUVs a day. The company has also committed to RE100, to source all of their global electric power from renewable sources by 2050. GM isn’t alone, other Fortune 500 brands including Amazon, Microsoft, and Walmart have all purchased wind energy. Threlkeld added, “Look at GM’s supply chain. How many thousands of suppliers we have that are interested in renewable energy as well.” “By continuing to get cost competitive, continuing to improve the wind energy product – it’s already great – you’ll capture a lot of potential customers out there, not only public utilities and corporate purchasers, but municipal utilities, rural co-ops, and other entities,” said Buzz Miller, President and CEO, Southern Power, a deregulated utility and power producer. Miller added, “Whether it’s electric vehicles or renewables, what customers want will ultimately drive it.” Expanding and upgrading our nation’s vital electric transmission infrastructure can help connect world-class U.S. wind resources to load centers like cities and factories. That will help save consumers money and boost the reliability and resiliency of the U.S. electricity supply. “Wind can stay attractive. You fix some of the transmission issues around, keep vibrant, and we can get through that [the PTC phase out],” said Miller. Wind power has grown rapidly over the last few years. Rapidly changing technology and falling costs have resulted in wind supplying over 5 percent of U.S. electricity, and more than 20 percent of electricity in five states. Wind power also supports over 100,000 American jobs. Telling the story – how wind works for America – is more important than ever. “We have massive room to grow in telling the story of wind power,” said Miller. “One of the greatest infrastructure successes is tied to the wind energy PTC, thousands of megawatts, billions of dollars of investment, and the jobs that go with it.” AWEA CEO Tom Kiernan in his remarks and columns this week in trade media described 16 trends that will continue to buoy the industry beyond 2020, once the wind energy Production Tax Credit (PTC) completes its current phase out. They include the falling cost of wind energy, expanding state policies like California’s, and upgrades to the nation’s power grid and transmission infrastructure. WINDPOWER 2018 heads to Chicago As thousands of attendees head home from Anaheim, show organizers reflected on success this year while looking ahead to WINDPOWER 2018, May 7-10 in Chicago. “WINDPOWER in Anaheim brought more action than ever to the show floor,” said Jana Adams, AWEA Senior Vice President of Membership Value and Experience. “From the design of our exhibit space, to the broadcasting of our general sessions, and spotlight on new exhibitors, we’re maximizing opportunities to make connections and ink new deals.” Attendee Neal Gyngard agreed, “The biggest thing out of this, is to finally get to meet some of these people I’ve emailed with for years. You’re chatting with someone at WINDPOWER and you realize they helped you get a torque wrench three years ago. And the reception at Angel Stadium, that was an awesome way to kick it off, so much fun.” Gyngard organizes a network of wind turbine technicians, the “Tower Climbing Grease Monkeys”. Adams added, “We’ve already sold over 90 percent of the exhibit space for next year’s conference. We think you’ll be blown away when WINDPOWER 2018 arrives in the Windy City.” A media kit for the conference is available here: www.awea.org/WINDPOWER2017MediaKit      ### AWEA is the national trade association of the U.S. wind energy industry. We represent 1,000 member companies and over 100,000 jobs in the U.S. economy, serving as a powerful voice for how wind works for America. Members include global leaders in wind power and energy development, turbine manufacturing, and component and service suppliers. They gather each year at the Western Hemisphere’s largest wind power trade show, the AWEA WINDPOWER Conference & Exhibition, next in Anaheim, California, May 22-26, 2017. Find information about wind energy on the AWEA website. Gain insight into industry issues on AWEA’s blog, Into the Wind. And please join us on Facebook, and follow @AWEA on Twitter.         Print       Email Published: 1 week ago on May 27, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: May 27, 2017 @ 12:19 pm Filed Under: American Wind Energy Association, Business, Commodities, Economy, Energy, English, Exploitation, Exploration, Gas, Global Economy, Industry, Investment, MIL Oil-Energy Sector OSI, MIL OSI, MIL OSI Economics, Mining Sector, Oil, Oil Rigs, Open Source Intel, Wind Energy NEXT ARTICLE → Fatal Motor Vehicle Accident Meander ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE SPC Severe Thunderstorm Watch 270 About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts Statement from the Chair regarding the events at London Bridge SNP manifesto for culture and creativity SNP manifesto: what it means for older people Jeremy Corbyn statement following London bridge attack Labour’s national campaign suspended but local events continue in aftermath of London Bridge terror attack © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories New study says American families are overwhelmed by clutter, rarely eat together, and are generally stressed out about it all Baby boomers are downsizing — and the kids won’t take the family heirlooms In well-mannered public radio, an airwaves war Stealthy cruise missile raises worries amid Trump’s call for revived nuclear arms race Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Coal country’s power plants are turning away from coal E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Luke Sharrett/New York Times/File 2014 Some of the power industry’s biggest customers have made a commitment to clean energy. And to help the companies meet it, utilities are changing their ways. By Diane Cardwell and Clifford Krauss New York Times  May 27, 2017 NEW YORK — Coal is on the defensive in the nation’s power industry. Even in coal country. The pressure to shift more of the country’s electric supply to renewable sources is not just a rallying cry for environmentalists. Some of the power industry’s biggest customers, such as General Motors and Microsoft, have made a commitment to clean energy. And to help them meet it — and keep them from taking their business elsewhere — utilities are changing their ways. Advertisement West Virginia, where coal is king, is no exception. Appalachian Power, the leading utility there, is quickly shifting toward natural gas and renewable sources such as wind and solar, even as President Trump calls for a coal renaissance. Appalachian Power still burns plenty of coal, but in recent years it has closed three coal-fired plants and converted two others to gas, reducing its dependence on coal to 61 percent last year, down from 74 percent in 2012. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Chris Beam, the company’s president, made the industry’s shifting dynamics clear in an encounter with Governor Jim Justice, a Democrat, at his inaugural ball in January. “’Look, I’d like to see you guys build another coal plant,’” he recalled the governor saying. “And our answer was: We’re not going to build another coal plant.” (The governor confirmed the account, but added in an e-mail, “I’ll continue to encourage power companies to burn more coal to put our miners back to work.”) It’s the same story in Virginia, where Dominion, a leading utility based in Richmond — near where commercial coal mining got its start — designed a special rate to make it easier for Amazon Web Services and similar customers to buy renewable energy. Advertisement In Kentucky, a chance meeting between a state regulator and a Facebook employee ultimately led the Public Service Commission to advise utilities that they could offer customers renewable energy packages, part of an effort to attract new business and hold on to automakers such as GM and Toyota. And in Wyoming, the nation’s leading coal producer by far, Black Hills Energy worked with Microsoft to create a complex arrangement for the technology giant to get enough wind energy to fulfill current and future needs at Microsoft’s data center in Cheyenne. “I’ve not spoken to a single utility that’s truly holding on to a future of more coal,” said Brian Janous, who directs energy strategy at Microsoft. “They’re looking to attract, as in the Appalachian case, new customers, and those customers aren’t attracted by coal.” Almost half the Fortune 500 companies have adopted at least one climate or clean-energy goal, with 23 of them pledging eventually to run their businesses on 100 percent renewable energy, including Walmart, Bank of America, and Google, according to a recent report by the World Wildlife Fund and other environmentally minded organizations and investors. Though corporations are buying renewable energy across the country, energy executives and analysts say it is notable that the trend is taking hold in states where coal production is part of the economic heart and soul. Coal executives say they are watching the effect of the renewable-power demands on the coal industry, but it is a matter of rising unease. “We’re concerned about it,” said Harry Childress, president of the Virginia Coal and Energy Alliance. “We see the pressure from these companies is pushing power producers more away from coal, which is a cheaper power.” Appalachian Power’s switch from coal was in part pushed as a result of a summit meeting that its parent company, American Electric Power, held at its headquarters last fall with corporate giants including Walmart, Facebook, Hilton, Procter & Gamble, and Marathon Petroleum. Those companies stressed that if they were going to expand their businesses in AEP regions, they would need access to low-carbon energy. American Electric Power organized a second meeting in Washington in May that included Amazon, Caesars Entertainment, DuPont, Marriott International, and Starbucks. With the goal of attracting big business to coal country, Beam is in the market to buy, lease, or build a fleet of wind and solar power farms across West Virginia and Virginia. The goal is to increase Appalachian Power’s renewable-energy fleet to 34 percent of its power capacity by 2031 from 17 percent today. An announcement for a new wind farm in southern West Virginia is expected within weeks, as discussions with big companies — which American Electric Power executives refused to identify — continue. “Specific customers are looking specifically for renewables and to what degree you are moving toward a new clean energy economy,” said Nicholas K. Akins, AEP’s chief executive. “Shareholders are more interested in sustainability going forward and improvements from a climate change perspective and carbon emissions perspective.” Akins said American Electric Power, which serves more than 5 million customers in 11 states, intended to respond to the demands of customers whatever policies were dictated in Washington. He added, “We are trying to make our company long-term sustainable regardless of administration.” Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC One free article left. Subscribe now → You have one free article left. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → Last free article. Subscribe now → This is your last free article. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Stay Connected: Editions National Global News PunditFact States Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Illinois Iowa Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Truth-O-MeterTM All By subject True Mostly True Half True Mostly False False Pants on Fire! No Flip Half Flip Full Flop People Donald Trump Mike Pence Barack Obama Chain E-mails Other people and groups Promises Trump-O-Meter All Top 25 Promises By subject Not yet rated In the Works Stalled Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Obameter All Top 25 Promises By subject Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Pants On Fire About Us Our Process Our Staff Who Pays for Politifact Suggest a Fact Check Advertise JOIN Deals struck on his first foreign trip as president made and saved "millions of jobs." — Donald Trump on Friday, May 26th, 2017 in a tweet Did Donald Trump's trip create or save 'millions' of jobs? By Louis Jacobson on Friday, May 26th, 2017 at 4:17 p.m. How valuable were the business deals struck by Donald Trump when he was in Saudi Arabia? Unclear. U.S. President Donald Trump talks with Saudi King Salman after a welcome ceremony at the Royal Terminal of King Khalid International Airport, May 20, 2017, in Riyadh. (AP) In a tweet from his first foreign trip as president, President Donald Trump touted his accomplishments on one of the cornerstones of his presidential campaign -- jobs. Trump traveled to Saudi Arabia, Israel, Brussels and Rome on a mix of business and diplomatic tasks from May 20 to May 27. "Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs," Trump tweeted. Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 26, 2017 Millions of jobs? That would be a massive shot in the arm for the economy. For a sense of scale, Wal-Mart, the nation’s largest private employer, has 2.3 million employees; the second-largest, Yum Brands, which includes Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and KFC, has about 500,000. The problem is, the White House has been cagey about exactly where this projection comes from. For starters, Trump’s use of the word "millions" represents a thousand-fold expansion from what Trump had said just days earlier, when he told the audience in a speech in Saudi Arabia: "Yesterday, we signed historic agreements with the Kingdom that will invest almost $400 billion in our two countries and create many thousands of jobs in America and Saudi Arabia." Meanwhile, over two days of inquiries to the White House, officials were unable to provide us with full details of the $110 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia, which itself is just a portion of the $400 billion investment package Trump cited in his speech. When the Washington Post Fact Checker asked the White House for details about Trump’s tweet, a White House official responded that Trump was referring to "benefits to trade from the entire trip from Saudi Arabia to the G7" -- that is, including Trump’s meetings with the heads of other advanced industrialized nations in Europe toward the end of the trip. (It’s not clear what trade deals were discussed in the European portion of the trip.) In any case, assuming "millions" of jobs from unspecified investments is not justified, economists say. "There’s not enough information to substantiate his claims on millions of jobs," said Chris Lafakis, senior economist at Moody’s. In the meantime, here’s what we know and don’t know. The arms deal The Defense Security Cooperation Agency issued a news release on May 20 saying that the United States and Saudi Arabia agreed to a $110 billion package on five main areas: border security and counterterrorism, maritime and coastal security, air force modernization, air and missile defense, and cybersecurity and communications upgrades. The release detailed six specific areas, with links to documents that offered a dollar amount. They were: • Munitions and support: $6.8 billion; • Multi-Mission Surface Combatant ships: $11.25 billion; • Ammunition for the Royal Saudi Land Forces: $500 million; • Saudi Abrams Main Battle Tanks and HERCULES Armored Recovery Vehicles: $1.15 billion; • Chinook cargo helicopters: $3.51 billion; • Persistent Threat Detection System Aerostats: $525 million. That totals $23.74 billion, leaving $86 billion from the package unspecified. Using other available data, John Pike, the director of globalsecurity.org, told PolitiFact that he can estimate perhaps $50 billion in arms sales, "most of which was initiated under Obama," he said. Bloomberg calculations Reporters at Bloomberg have written several articles about the deals signed in the Saudi portion of the trip, focusing on agreements outside the $110 billion arms deal. They include: • Agreements signed by Saudi oil company Aramco: $50 billion; • Commitments by Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund to an infrastructure investment fund with the Blackstone Group. (Blackstone, Bloomberg reported separately, has close ties to the family of Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner.) $20 billion; • General Electric memorandum of understanding with Saudi Arabia: $15 billion; • Honeywell International memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco: $3.6 billion; • McDermott International memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco: $2.8 billion; • Jacobs Engineering Group memorandum of understanding: $250 million; • Rowan Companies memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco for offshore drilling rigs: $7 billion; • Rowan memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco for its supply chain: $1.2 billion; • Nabors Industries memorandum of understanding on well and rig services on an existing joint venture worth $9 billion; • Nabors memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco for its supply chain: $1.6 billion; • Weatherford International memorandum of understanding: potential value of $2 billion. That works out to about $112 billion, coming on top of the $110 billion in arms sales. Bloomberg cited a few more items without specific dollar amounts, including a jet purchase from Boeing by SaudiGulf Airlines, and a joint venture between National Oilwell Varco and Saudi Aramco for the manufacture of drilling rigs and equipment. That leaves more than half of Trump’s $400 billion figure -- just for the Saudi leg of the trip -- undisclosed, to say nothing of what deals may have been struck in the European portion of the trip. And for now, the Washington Post reported that several key CEOs of companies that signed deals have been a lot more restrained than Trump about promising specific numbers of jobs. "There is absolutely zero chance that the trip created millions of jobs," said Dean Baker, a liberal economist. Even if jobs were created -- possibly in the thousands, not the millions -- "this may or may not lead to any net job creation, since the Fed could easily offset it with higher interest rates." Our ruling Trump said that deals struck on his first foreign trip as president created and saved "millions of jobs." We can’t know for sure how many jobs will be created or saved -- nor, despite the certainty of his language, does Trump -- but the evidence at this point is so thin and so premature as to be little more than puffery or wishful thinking. We rate the statement False. Share the Facts 2017-05-26 21:10:38 UTC PolitiFact 5 1 7 PolitiFact Rating: False Says deals struck on his first foreign trip as president made and saved "millions of jobs." Donald Trump President a tweet Friday, May 26, 2017 2017-05-26 Read More info Advertisement About this statement: Published: Friday, May 26th, 2017 at 4:17 p.m. Researched by: Louis Jacobson Edited by: Aaron Sharockman Subjects: Economy, Foreign Policy, Jobs Sources: Donald Trump, tweet, May 26, 2017 Donald Trump, "President Trump’s Speech to the Arab Islamic American Summit," May 21, 2017 Defense Security Cooperation Agency, "Fact Sheet: Intended Sales to Saudi Arabia via Foreign Military Sales," May 20, 2017 Bloomberg, "Guide to $400 Billion in Saudi-U.S. Deals: Black Hawks to Oil," May 22, 2017 Bloomberg, "Kushners' Blackstone Connection Put on Display in Saudi Arabia," May 25, 2017 Bloomberg, "Blackstone Unveils $100 Billion Ambition for Infrastructure," May 20, 2017 Washington Post Fact Checker, "President Trump’s claim that he’s already saved ‘millions of jobs’ on his foreign trip," May 26, 2017 Washington Post, "Trump says his Saudi deal will create jobs. The companies involved aren’t so sure," May 24, 2017 Washington Examiner, "Trump's weapons deal with Saudi Arabia includes $24 billion in goods approved by Obama," May 22, 2017 Al.com, "30 largest employers in the U.S.," Feb. 7, 2017 Email interview with Lawrence White, professor at New York University’s Stern School of Business, May 26, 2017 Email interview with Chris Lafakis, senior economist at Moody’s, May 26, 2017 Email interview with Dean Baker, co-director of the Center for Economic Policy and Research, May 25, 2017 Email interview with John Pike, director of globalsecurity.org, May 22, 2017 How to contact us Email comments and suggestions for fact-checks to truthometer@politifact.com or find us on Facebook,and Twitter. (If you send us a comment, we'll assume you don't mind us publishing it unless you tell us otherwise.) Videos Browse The Truth-O-MeterTM Donald Trump fact-checks Pants-On-Fire rulings By our rulings By subject By person View recent articles Support independent fact-checking In a world of wild talk and fake news, help us stand up for the facts. Advertisement Subscribe Keep up to date with PolitiFact Put a free PolitiFact widget on your blog or Web page Subscribe to our RSS feeds on Truth-O-Meter items Subscribe to our RSS feed of fact-checks of Donald Trump Follow us on Twitter Fan us on Facebook Advertise on PolitiFact Back to top Offices District of Columbia 1100 Connecticut Ave. NW Suite 440 Washington, DC 20036 202-463-0571 Florida 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 State Editions Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Iowa Illinois Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Rhode Island Pennsylvania Texas Virginia Wisconsin Special Editions National Global News Project PunditFact Policy Privacy Terms & Conditions Copyright Advertise With Us Media Kit Market info Rates & Specs About Us As Seen On Staff Process Funding State Editions Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Iowa Illinois Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Special Editions National Global News Project PunditFact Policy Privacy Terms & Conditions Copyright Advertise With Us Media Kit Market info Rates & Specs About Us As Seen On Staff Process Funding Stay Connected Fact-Check Suggestions © 2017 • All Rights Reserved • Tampa Bay Times Editions National Global News PunditFact States Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Illinois Iowa Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Truth-O-MeterTM All By subject True Mostly True Half True Mostly False False Pants on Fire! No Flip Half Flip Full Flop People Donald Trump Mike Pence Barack Obama Chain E-mails Other people and groups Promises Trump-O-Meter All Top 25 Promises By subject Not yet rated In the Works Stalled Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Obameter All Top 25 Promises By subject Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Pants On Fire About Us Our Process Our Staff Who Pays for Politifact Suggest a Fact Check Advertise JOIN
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 15-19, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of May 15-19, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – Northbound traffic has been shifted to the two outside lanes within the work zone and the inside (left) lane is closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive). Motorists should be alert for advance warning signs and move to the right lanes well ahead of the work zone. Shoulders are closed, travel lanes are narrowed and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. There may be intermittent lane restrictions and closures on Rio Mills Road near the Berkmar bridge while materials are moved out of the work area under the bridge. Motorists may encounter brief delays. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious RT. 658 BRIDGE TO CLOSE FOR REHABILITATION MAY 22 – Road will be closed for three months; motorists advised to use alternate routes Next PostNext May 22 – 28:Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 22 – 28:Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     SPECIAL EVENTS ***Run for the Wall: The nationwide, annual Run for the Wall motorcycle caravan will pass through the VDOT Bristol District via Interstate 81 this week, traveling from Bristol through to Wytheville Wednesday (May 24), and from Wytheville into Salem Thursday (May 25). Motorists are advised to use caution and be alert to the motorcycle caravan as it passes through on its way to Washington, D.C. To learn more about the schedule, visit www.rftw.us.   INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 22, anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures northbound this week due to road work.  Also be alert to flagging and heavy equipment on Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge work and the building up of the grade for northbound I-81.  (Completion: fall 2018)   ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 22, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) ***Interstate 77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel: Due to tunnel washing at I-77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel, anticipate north and southbound lane closures from 7 p.m. until 6 a.m. nightly Wednesday through Friday nights. ***Interstate 77 East River Mountain Tunnel: Due to maintenance work at I-77 East River Mountain Tunnel, anticipate northbound right lane closures from 7 p.m. until 6 a.m. nightly Wednesday through Saturday.   Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017)   Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: May 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on I-77 this week due to repairs to pavement markings northbound and southbound between exit 41 and mile marker 43 in Wythe County   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures due to the following maintenance activities on I-81: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Buchanan County Route 624 (Garden Creek Road): Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) is currently closed between Route 702 (Old Vandyke Hollow) and Route 627 (Young’s Branch) due to a mudslide which occurred April 23.  The road will remain closed for the next few weeks to allow for repairs.  The instability of the slope prohibits VDOT from reopening one lane. Route 624 alternate routes are: From Drill: take Route 624, Route 662 Robinson Fork, Route 620 East to 83 at Vansant. From Vansant: Route 83 West, Route 620 Deskins Road, Route 662 Robinson Fork onto Route 624 **VDOT is working closely with local elected officials on this project, and VDOT is taking all project inquiries. Please call 1-800-FOR-ROAD for project questions.   Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Install: The flashing yellow arrow signals have been installed at the intersection of Route 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Route 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon and will be fully operational in the coming weeks. VDOT anticipates having the signals fully operation in the coming weeks. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.          Scott County Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early May 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)     Wise County Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: early May 2017)   Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   ***Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installations at the following locations: The Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017) In the Stonega community in Wise County near Appalachia, involving lane closures along Routes 78 and 600.  (Completion: spring 2018).   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)         Completed Route 665 (Power Plant Road): The road closure in place due to replacement of multiple drainage pipes along Route 665 (Power Plant Road) in Russell County has been lifted.   Route 654 – slide repairs: Slide repairs on a section of Route 654 (Banner Mountain Road) in Wise County have been completed (as of close of business Friday, May 19).       (END) Bristol District May 15 – 21, 2017 Emerging issues of potential significance or statewide impact: Tractor Trailer fire – A tractor trailer fire at Interstate 77 mile marker 26.6 caused the need to divert traffic off I-77 at exit 24 in Wythe County. The incident lasted over nine hours and created 7.5 miles of congestion.   Hit and run incident – At approximately 6:12 a.m. Thursday (May 18), Virginia State Police troopers were called to the scene of a fatal hit and run crash in Tazewell County. A bicyclist was traveling northbound on Route 19 near Route 609 when he was struck from behind, sometime after midnight in the early morning hours May 18. The striking vehicle fled the scene without stopping. The adult male cyclist was pronounced dead at the scene. The case remains under investigation.     Significant initiatives, accomplishments, hires, promotions, awards, certifications: Nothing to report. Significant external meetings or events planned/significant internal recognition events planned: Media Photo Opportunity – Lebanon Residency Administrator and Communications Manager took representatives from the Virginia Mountaineer and Voice newspapers to the Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) slide area Thursday for a photo opportunity. Slide repairs are underway by GeoStabilization International and a section of the road is closed to traffic. The repairs will take approximately 4 – 6 weeks to perform.   Potential transportation celebration opportunities (these will stay on the updates until they are carried out or it is decided not to hold them): Nothing to report. Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NEW TRAFFIC PATTERN ON ROUTE 3 MAY 10 – Westbound lanes will open to two-lane traffic from Lignum to Clay Hill Road Next PostNext May 15 – 21: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 29 – June 4: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***F310 bridge rehabilitation over I-81 at Exit 10: Rehabilitation of the Route F310 bridge over Interstate 81 at exit 10 will begin in the coming weeks.  Signals will be installed to control one-way traffic over the interstate. Also be alert to nighttime lane closures on I-81 near exit 10 due to this effort. (Completion: fall 2018)   ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 29, anticipate additional truck traffic exiting I-81 northbound this week due to paving of the newly constructed northbound road grade. Also be alert to flagging and heavy equipment on Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge work and the paving of the new road grade for northbound I-81.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 29, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017) ***Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: June 14, 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on northbound I-77 in Wythe County this week due to slope repairs between mile markers 32 and 33 and pavement marking repairs between mile markers 41 and 43.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on southbound I-81 in Wythe County due to pavement marking repairs between mile markers 64 and 61. PRIMARY HIGHWAYS AND HIGH TRAFFIC SECONDARY ROADS: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Buchanan County Route 624 (Garden Creek Road): Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) is currently closed between Route 702 (Old Vandyke Hollow) and Route 627 (Young’s Branch) due to a mudslide which occurred April 23.  The road will remain closed for the next few weeks to allow for repairs.  The instability of the slope prohibits VDOT from reopening one lane. Route 624 alternate routes are: From Drill: take Route 624, Route 662 Robinson Fork, Route 620 East to 83 at Vansant. From Vansant: Route 83 West, Route 620 Deskins Road, Route 662 Robinson Fork onto Route 624 **VDOT is working closely with local elected officials on this project, and VDOT is taking all project inquiries. Please call 1-800-FOR-ROAD for project questions.   Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Route 672 (Stump Town Road): Due to repairs to a cattle guard crossing, VDOT crews will close a portion of Route 672 (Stump Town Road) in Russell County Tuesday, May 30 from 8 a.m. until 3 p.m. The work will be located .38-mile from the intersection of Route 80.   Flashing Yellow Arrow Install: The flashing yellow arrow signals have been installed at the intersection of Route 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Route 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon and will be fully operational in the coming weeks. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.      Scott County ***Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early June 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)     Wise County ***Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: May 2017) Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installations at the following locations: The Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017) In the Stonega community in Wise County near Appalachia, involving lane closures along Routes 78 and 600.  (Completion: spring 2018).   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)     Wythe County ***Route 613 railroad crossing repairs: Repairs to the Route 613 (Gunton Park Road) railroad crossing in Wythe County will close the route Wednesday, May 31 from 9 a.m. until 3 p.m. Motorists are advised to plan around the closure, as there are no detour routes available. (Completion: May 31)     (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NEW TRAFFIC PATTERN ON ROUTE 3 MAY 10 – Westbound lanes will open to two-lane traffic from Lignum to Clay Hill Road Next PostNext May 15 – 21: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 29-June 2, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of May 29-June 2, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – On Wednesday night, Ashwood Boulevard will be closed at its intersection with Route 29 during installation of the permanent traffic signal equipment. Beginning at 9 p.m. traffic will be detoured to North Hollymead Drive, then back to Ashwood. On Thursday night, North Hollymead Drive will be closed at Route 29 during similar traffic signal installation work. Traffic will be detoured via Ashwood Boulevard and South Hollymead Drive back to North Hollymead Drive. The work will be rescheduled for the following night if the operation is cancelled due to bad weather.     Northbound traffic has been shifted to the two outside lanes within the work zone and the inside (left) lane is closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive). Motorists should be alert for advance warning signs and move to the right lanes well ahead of the work zone. Shoulders are closed, travel lanes are narrowed and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – On Wednesday night, traffic will be shifted to new pavement at the intersection of Hilton Heights Road and Berkmar Drive. Motorists should follow signs directing them through the work zone.  The entrance to Sam’s Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. There may be intermittent lane restrictions and closures on Rio Mills Road near the Berkmar bridge while materials are moved out of the work area under the bridge. Motorists may encounter brief delays. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious EXPECT OVERNIGHT DELAYS ON I˗95 SOUTHBOUND NEXT WEEK IN SPOTSYLVANIA COUNTY – Motorists can anticipate double lane closures on I-95 between Monday, May 15 – Friday, May 19 Next PostNext RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 15-19, 2017 Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 22-26, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of May 22-26, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. Route 29 widening – Northbound traffic has been shifted to the two outside lanes within the work zone and the inside (left) lane is closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive). Motorists should be alert for advance warning signs and move to the right lanes well ahead of the work zone. Shoulders are closed, travel lanes are narrowed and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – On Wednesday night traffic will be shifted to new pavement at the intersection of Hilton Heights Road and Berkmar Drive. Motorists should follow signs directing them through the work zone.  The entrance to Sam’s Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. There may be intermittent lane restrictions and closures on Rio Mills Road near the Berkmar bridge while materials are moved out of the work area under the bridge. Motorists may encounter brief delays. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious EXPECT OVERNIGHT DELAYS ON I˗95 SOUTHBOUND NEXT WEEK IN SPOTSYLVANIA COUNTY – Motorists can anticipate double lane closures on I-95 between Monday, May 15 – Friday, May 19 Next PostNext RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 15-19, 2017 Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Craft soda growing more "pop"-ular USA TODAY Zlati Meyer 5/28/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Why bottled water is one of the biggest scams of the century 10 iconic American companies owned by Chinese investors © Getty Images/iStockphoto Craft soda volume reached 88.8 million gallons in 2016 up from 77.55 million gallons in 2011, according to the Beverage Marketing Corp. This subset saw close to 5% year over year growth, compared to the rest of the carbonated beverage industry, which dropped 0.85%. You might expect to detect the hints of lavender, juniper or hibiscus in bath soap or potpourri, but not in your soft drink. Quotes in the article PepsiCo Inc PEP ▲ 117.67 +0.44 +0.38% Jones Soda Co JSDA = 0.5300 0.0000 0.00% Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 79.62 -0.19 -0.24% Dollar General Corp DG ▲ 78.91 +0.72 +0.92% But it's unique formulations that are at the heart of the growing segment of "craft soda," fizzy concoctions that are starting to make an impact in the $52.5 billion U.S. soft drink market. With traditional colas and other soft drinks under attack by nutritionists, craft soft drinks -- also known as artisanal, specialty or small-batch soda --  are capturing share by hyping premium and natural ingredients, creative flavors, limited runs, unusual packaging or their local roots. Smaller bottlers are borrowing a page from craft beer brewers, which grew from grassroots to collectively become a major factor in an industry dominated by giants like Anheuser-Busch InBev and SABMiller and helped spark the brew-pub movement that has revitalized the bar business. When it comes to craft sodas, Coca-Cola and Pepsico have not only taken notice, they have created their own portfolios to compete right along with the smaller players. Craft-soda volume grew 5% in 2016 to 88.8 million gallons compared to the year before at a time when the rest of the carbonated beverage industry was down 0.85%, in 2016, according to the Beverage Marketing, a consulting and research company. Craft soda reached $541 million wholesale in 2016, up from $427.7 million in 2011. Adding to the froth: Craft soft drinks attract affluent Millennials who don't want to be seen as following the crowd with traditional soft drinks. "When you pick up a craft soda, you're saying something about yourself. You identify with the qualities of that beverage. If you pick up a craft soda or beer, you're saying, 'I’m looking for something better, more natural, more conscious of the environment," said Michael Bellas, chairman of the Beverage Marketing. "This has some legs. It has some good growth ahead of it. This is where the consumer is." Some of the better-known craft brands are publicly traded, like Seattle-based Jones Soda and Los Angeles-based Reed's to small-batch producers like Brooklyn Soda Works in New York, Dry Sparkling in Seattle, Cool Mountain Beverages in suburban Chicago, Real Sugar Soda in the Dallas area and Cannonborough Beverage in Charleston, S.C. Even the industry giants are joining in; Coca-Cola and Pepsi both have craft soda lines in their beverage portfolios. Load Error Many craft brewers started in specialty stores, retailers that focus on more healthy or upscale offerings. From there, they are moving into the mainstream. While their sales numbers don't threaten Coke or Pepsi, they're redefining the market. "There’s a large trend for natural wellness and there's a trend of gourmet food. This is the place the rubber hits the road," said Chris Reed, founder of Reed’s. "Every industry I know has a premium category from hotels to ice cream to cars. Soda didn’t have it. It made sense." But it isn't all sugar and spice for craft soda makers. Earlier this month, Reed's reported that it lost $2 million in the first quarter, up from a loss of $1.6 million a year ago. Its interim CEO, Stefan Freeman, told investors that the entire business is being evaluated to get back to profitability. LIkewise, Jones Soda said it lost $197,000 in the first quarter, compared to a profit of $49,000 last year due to issues involving shipments to 7-Eleven, one of its big customers. With that top-shelf aura comes a higher price. Craft sodas can cost three times as much as a traditional one and they often are in four packs, rather than six- or 12-packs. For instance, a four-pack of 12-ounce glass bottles of Dry Sparkling, a juniper-flavored soda, costs $5.99, for example, and contain less soda than a regular carbonated beverage. Criticism about cost doesn't really bubble to the top of the discussion, because these drinks are more of a special treat to be savored rather than a mainstream soda that's downed by the quart to wash down dinner. "We drink so many carbonated beverages in the U.S. I really want to create an elevated experience with unique flavors," explained founder Sharelle Klaus. "I came up with lavender, kumquat, rhubarb. I wanted make those flavors shine, so I didn’t use a lot of sugar,"  The Seattle-based company sold more than 10 million units last year and now is on some CVS shelves, she added. Pepsi got into the game in 2014 with brands like Caleb's Kola, named after the company's Pepsi-Cola creator Caleb Bradham, adding Stubborn in 2015 and 1893, a reference to the year the business was founded, last year. "We start with a consumers focus, looking at the trends and primarily the millennial generation is looking for new taste experiences," said Chad Stubbs, a Pepsico vice president of marketing. "We thought it was more limited than it was, because it's working all the way from smaller places to Walmart, Dollar General and our other retail partners." Coca-Cola's foray into the segment came in 2015 via its purchase of Monster Beverage's portfolio, which included the craft soda brands Hansen’s and Blue Sky. The following year, when they debuted their new taglines, “This is What Original Tastes Like" and “Rooted in Real," the company said, "“The crafted and specialty beverage category is a fast-changing, dynamic category. We see great opportunities for growth in this emerging part of the beverage business."  Coca-Cola declined to comment. Joey Lifschitz first discovered craft soda at a restaurant in the hip Williamsburg section of Brooklyn about two years ago and dived right into the colorful world of atypical flavors and what he believes to be taste-enhancing glass bottles. The 42-year-old New York commercial real estate appraiser drinks about 10 a month at a cost of approximately $40. "I love soda, for better for worse," he said, citing pineapple and hibiscus-cinnamon-clove among his favorites. "The whole idea of craft soda is keeping it small and quality... When I go out, I try to look for craft sodas over Dr. Brown's (an established soft drin brand) or a Coke, if it's available. If I'm at a store or bodega and need a drink, I look to see if they have craft sodas." Follow USA TODAY reporter Zlati Meyer on Twitter: @ZlatiMeyer Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Durant, Curry score 65, Warriors take 2-0 lead USA TODAY 12 arrested after London attack; ISIS claims responsibility USA TODAY Britain attacks: Lack of pattern puts officials on edge USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored This Dell has 12GB RAM, graphics card, & more! Listen to music underwater! Pre-order Madden NFL 18 today! ASUS 2-in-1: All day battery, only $249 Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Classifieds| Real Estate| Jobs| Autos| Public Notices| Special Sections| Deals & Coupons News and weather for: [change] Bangor Monday, June 5, 2017    Last update: 12:12 a.m. News| The Point| Business| Next| Sports| Outdoors| Homestead| Food| Events| Opinion| Obituaries| Maine Focus News from your community: State | Aroostook | Augusta | Bangor | Down East | Hancock | Lewiston-Auburn | Mid-Maine | Midcoast | Penobscot | Piscataquis | Portland Robber hits TD Bank on Stillwater Avenue Print Email Share Tweet Bangor Police Department Bangor police a looking for this man in connection with the robbery Sunday of the TD Bank branch on Stillwater Avenue. By Judy Harrison, BDN Staff Posted May 28, 2017, at 3:50 p.m. Last modified May 29, 2017, at 9:12 a.m. BANGOR, Maine — Police are seeking the public’s help in identifying a suspect in the robbery of the TD Bank branch on Stillwater Avenue about 12:45 p.m. Sunday. The bank, located near the Bangor Mall, is open from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. on Sundays, according to its website. The male suspect was described as about 5-foot-7, thin and unshaven, according to the Bangor Police Department. The man, believed to be about 30 years old, entered the bank and demanded cash from a teller. Police did not say whether the suspect displayed a weapon. He fled on foot toward Walmart, where he got into a gray hatchback and left the area, police said. Anyone with information is asked to call Detective Jeremy Brock at the Bangor Police Department, or leave information on the tip line at 947-7382, extension 6.   SEE COMMENTS → News Blogs Living Sports Opinion ‘I felt like a caveman’: How work requirements for state benefits hurt one Maine man Maine man dies in whitewater rafting accident Exploding lawnmower burns down Maine home New Bangor deputy chief began career ‘looking for anything that looked suspicious’ ‘That other snake’s aliiiive!’: A reptile expert explains epic regurgitating-snake video I got pregnant. I chose to keep my baby. And my Christian school humiliated me. More guns won’t make our universities and colleges any safer Our schools can’t pay our teachers with liberal sentiments Trump could make everyone happy if he raises the gas tax Would the US really go to war with Russia over Estonia? Orono girls cruise to sixth straight Class C state track championship Mike Reiss on New England’s position battles during mini-camps Search committee hopes to name UMaine baseball coach within two weeks Orono boys capture third straight Class C state track title Johnson earns 83rd career victory, ties Yarborough THE DRIVE Mike Reiss on New England’s position battles during mini-camps MAINELY THOUGHTS Some advice for our legislators from Ernest Hemingway HEALTHIER YOU The best blueberry lemon Bundt cake STIRRING THE POT 312 & 2,600,000,000 GEORGE'S OUTDOOR NEWS Check out these awesome outdoor photos! America’s No. 1 song isn’t in English, which doesn’t happen often Blogs Be a BDN blogger | Browse BDN blogs Color ME When Lilacs Last in the Dooryard Bloomed When Lilacs Last in the Dooryard Bloomed Recovery Rocks Recovery Rocks Inside The battles of an anorexic mind Opportunity Knocks Opportunity Knocks The Stress-Free Guide to Settling Down in a New City Culture Shock 5 Things To Do This Weekend, June 2-4: These boots were made for art walking 5 Things To Do This Weekend, June 2-4: These boots were made for art walking #HealthyRegion We want to hear from you about living with a loved one with addiction We want to hear from you about living with a loved one with addiction West of The Fields West of The Fields New music including Washed Out, Grace Mitchell, Lorde and Alt-J on this week's West Of The Fields podcast Top Stories ‘I felt like a caveman’: How work requirements for state benefits hurt one Maine man New Bangor deputy chief began career ‘looking for anything that looked suspicious’ Collins: Trump travel ban is ‘not the right way to go’ More guns won’t make our universities and colleges any safer Trump urges end to political correctness in wake of London attack Similar Articles 4.2.2012 Raises at the University of Maine System 2006-2012 11.23.2012 Occupy Ellsworth joins nationwide Walmart protest; company dismisses activists 10.3.2015 Maine Cross Country Festival of Champions Results 4.26.2011 Drug Take-Back sites listed 5.27.2015 Crime Takes No Holiday More in Bangor   New Bangor deputy chief began career ‘looking for anything that looked suspicious’   Old Town junior strikes out 14 in five innings as Coyotes blank Trojans   John Bapst appoints new ice hockey coach   Inside the remote refuge saving Maine’s abandoned exotic animals   Bangor murder suspect’s getaway car was spotted at a gas station, but police let it go Bangor Daily News Archives News Business Sports Outdoors Homestead TV Listings Obituaries Things to Do Custom Publications Weather Storm Cancellations About Us BDN History BDN 120 Years Contact Us Purchase Photos Newspapers in Education Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Subscribe to the BDN Create BDN Maine Account Manage Your Account Newsletter Sign-up RSS Sales and Marketing Online Advertising and Digital Marketing Solutions Online Advertising Staff Directory Print Advertising Print Advertising Staff Directory Classifieds Custom Publications and The Weekly Creative Services-Guide to Sending Files BDN Maine Events on Facebook On Facebook The Bangor Daily News Midcoast Portland Aroostook Downeast Hancock Katahdin and Lincoln Lakes Region Food Outdoors Maine Families BDN Blogs Editorial and Opinion Maine Sports High School Sports On Twitter @bangordailynews @bdnpolitics @bdnmaineblogs @bdnmainefocus
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Rising deportations to Somalia raise concerns in Minnesota Twelve arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Does Comey have one more bombshell to reveal on Russia-Trump collusion? As federal order expires, Anoka-Hennepin school district faces new battles Rich Americans delaying tax bills may hasten debt ceiling debate In Yanez jury selection, criteria for ideal jurors 'totally reversed' Twins top Angels 3-2 behind Miguel Sano, Jose Berrios and stout bullpen Julianne Hough gets fans moving in a pop-up visit to Minneapolis yoga studio The Drive: Why troopers, not cameras, are catching HOV lane cheats Canadian man mows lawn with tornado behind him Review: Learning to party the laidback Tom Petty way next Business 424695403 Why kale is everywhere: How food trends are born Developing cutting-edge food is part art, part science.  By Samantha Bomkamp Chicago Tribune May 28, 2017 — 1:35pm Erin Hooley &#x2022; Chicago Tribune Stacie Sopinka, US Foods vice president of product development, helps identify what will be the next hot food item. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint CHICAGO – Kale has had quite a run. Less than a decade ago, the leafy green vegetable was used primarily for decoration on salad bars. Now kale, known for its health benefits, is so ubiquitous that even ­McDonald’s uses it in salads. Za’atar, a Middle Eastern spice blend, may not be as familiar to many Americans, but it plays a starring role in one of the salads that Starbucks recently rolled out in Chicago as part of its new lunch menu. As Americans increasingly demand exotic flavors, spices like za’atar are expected to become more common on menus. Identifying up-and-coming food trends is equal parts art and science, and it’s a process that some in the food industry pay a lot of attention to. “The Cronut went from nothing to Time magazine in no time; others peak and fall off,” said Stacie Sopinka, vice president of innovation and product development at US Foods, a Rosemont, Ill.-based food distributor. Food trends are influenced by a wide range of factors, from fashion and pop culture to health fads. They are sometimes created by chefs, often in the world of fine dining, and then mimicked and re-purposed by other restaurateurs. Sometimes, it’s a consultant or distributor working with a big brand to develop a product that fills menu holes for a food company. Menu trends Datassential, one of several companies that track trends, calls that pattern the “menu adoption cycle.” Trends in the inception phase often start in fine-dining establishments and independent ethnic restaurants or markets, where the food item is considered unique in the way it’s prepared, presented and tastes. Piri piri sauce, a spicy and tangy topping from Portugal, and togarashi, a Japanese spice blend, are in that phase now. Both meet consumers’ growing demand for exotic spices, according to ­Datassential. The adoption phase is when mainstream restaurants catch on to the trend. Early adopters tend to be gastropubs, fast-casual and independent sit-down restaurants, and specialty or gourmet food stores. A restaurant like Rick Bayless’ Xoco would jump on the bandwagon at this point, Datassential’s Mike Kostyo said, but so would Panera, Whole Foods, and even the Cheesecake ­Factory. In the proliferation phase, trends hit the mainstream and often are adjusted to have broad appeal. This means the up-and-coming ingredient is incorporated into burgers, pasta dishes and other menu items mainstream that America is likely to consume. ­Sriracha aioli, a spread that lowers the spice intensity of the Thai pepper sauce, is in the proliferation phase now. It’s often served on sandwiches and with French fries. In the final phase, a food trend can be seen across the industry. Brands like Denny’s and Wal-Mart catch on, but so do convenience stores, schools and office cafeterias. Food trends Not all trends follow this common cycle. In fact, only about 30 to 40 percent of foods or ingredients in the inception phase ever continue on, according to Datassential. Consider bone marrow, a popular sight at some high-end restaurants, but not something that would ever make its way to a fast-food chain. US Foods, which supplies restaurants with everything from produce to prepared meat, helps restaurants get on board with the latest food trends, with a special emphasis on the desires of millennials, the fastest growing segment of the U.S. population. In 2011, the company rebranded, conducted extensive research and began positioning itself to better provide trendy ingredients to independent restaurants. That same year, it launched its own branded line of products, Sopinka said. The items US Foods developed have to fill a lot of holes. The products have to be able to be used in multiple ways, be healthy but still flavorful, and in some cases, be fully cooked so that restaurants can save labor hours — a critical expense. The company’s offerings have evolved to include products ranging from riced cauliflower, which can be used in gluten-free pizza crust and sides and salads, to chicken shawarma that is fully cooked and ready to heat and serve. “We don’t need to be first. For us, it’s a matter of figuring out which ones are going to stick,” Sopinka said. Kerry Ingredients and Flavours is also a major player in menu consultation and the translation of trends. When a major quick-service chain like McDonald’s wants to develop a new burger, Kerry, which has its North American headquarters in Beloit, Wis., pulls all the burger concepts developed industrywide over the last several years and examines everything from buns to toppings, looping in current trends, said Elissa Rempfer, Kerry’s food service marketing research and insights manager. The resulting tests usually show up in fast-food restaurants as limited-time offers. Because chains have huge footprints and need to appeal to a wide range of people, they aren’t often early adopters of trends. To help chains get in the game, companies like Kerry often take a trend, like smoke flavoring, and mix it with something familiar, like mocha or vanilla, Rempfer said. While an independent restaurant might try something bold like smoked ice cream, chains tend to opt for a more subdued interpretation. For example, Starbucks got in on the smoke trend with a Smoked Butterscotch Latte. When trying to hook younger diners, many brands believe visual appeal tops all. Food, more than ever, has to be camera — or smartphone — ready. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } Star Tribune Recommends Does Comey have one more bombshell to reveal on Russia-Trump collusion? Canadian man mows lawn with tornado behind him After crash, North Dakota oil industry shows strong signs of a rebound Your ultimate guide to 45 books to read this summer Twins top Angels 3-2 behind Miguel Sano, Jose Berrios and stout bullpen Rising deportations to Somalia raise concerns in Minnesota Honey-Lime Soup for Colds Burger Friday: The Walker's new restaurant turns cheeseburger into high art Penne With Roasted Mushrooms, Onions and Goat Cheese Taco Bell expanding test of waffle taco, breakfast Chick-fil-A is fast-food favorite More From Business National 8 minutes ago Survey: Economists expect slower US growth Forecasts for U.S. economic growth are coming in slightly lower after a weak first quarter, according to a survey of business economists released Monday. Business 9:35pm Autopsy of brother of man who killed boy inconclusive New York City's medical examiner is still trying to determine the cause of death of the brother of a man now imprisoned for kidnapping and killing an 8-year-old Brooklyn boy nearly six years ago. National 8:40pm The Latest: Autopsy of brother of boy's killer inconclusive The Latest on the death of the brother of a man imprisoned for kidnapping and killing an 8-year-old boy in Brooklyn (all times local): Business 7:21pm Pentair, Urban Organics open aquaponics farm in old Schmidt Brewery One of the largest commercial aquaponics facilities in the world opened on the St. Paul site of the old Schmidt brewery last week. Variety 5:20pm Warren Buffett's annual lunch auction starts Sunday evening Billionaire investor Warren Buffett is auctioning off a private lunch in the hopes of raising millions of dollars more for a charity helping the homeless in San Francisco. Top Stories Rising deportations to Somalia raise concerns in Minnesota 9:17pm Twelve arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack 9:14pm Does Comey have one more bombshell to reveal on Russia-Trump collusion? 7:59pm Most Read After crash, North Dakota oil industry shows strong signs of a rebound • Business Pentair, Urban Organics open aquaponics farm in old Schmidt Brewery • Business Why the GOP reversed its views on climate change • Business Investor wins control of Buffalo Wild Wings; CEO Smith says she'll retire • Business An immigrant-owned eatery on reviving Chicago Avenue cooks again • Business World Twelve arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack 2 lions, freed from circuses, are poached in South Africa Nation Excerpts from Cosby's explosive 2005-06 deposition Suspect in Portland attack made life about hate after prison Politics Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Why the GOP reversed its views on climate change markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Twins Twins top Angels 3-2 behind Miguel Sano, Jose Berrios and stout bullpen Sixteen years after No. 1 pick, no regrets for Twins or Joe Mauer Vikings Bradford knows Bridgewater comeback would complicate his Vikings future 'You live and learn': Alexander sees error of his ways as Vikings rookie MN United Minnesota United gets time to rest, regain lost edge Heath fumes after United 'outfought, outplayed, outrun' at KC Celebrities Bill Maher apologizes for using racial slur on 'Real Time' after backlash Ariana Grande surprises Manchester bombing victims in the hospital Super Bowl LII Local small businesses fight for a chance to cash in on Super Bowl LII Minneapolis scrubs its records to hide site of Super Bowl command center poll Poll: Who do you think is the most popular pro athlete in Minnesota? 10,000 Takes I divorced my husband but forged a lasting bond with his ex-wife Can the 'No Buy' challenge cure my shopping habit? Featured Gallery Wander with the Kangaroos at new Mn. Zoo exhibit 23 photos At the new Minnesota Zoo Kangaroo exhibit there are no barriers limiting interaction. ... Featured Video 75 years later, a casualty of Pearl Harbor comes home 01:46 Seventy-five years after Glaydon I.C. Iverson was killed aboard the USS Oklahoma ... Magazine Floodgates are about to open on Prince's career after death MPR's Cathy Wurzer talks about life, death and Mountain Dew StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Channels  Music  Style  Pop Culture  Sports  Sneakers  Life  Videos  Shop  Shuffle  Hustle  ComplexCon More from Complex  GO90  Rated Red  First We Feast  Pigeons & Planes  Collider  Sole Collector  Green Label  Ride Channel SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Pop Culture Pop Culture Jordan Peele Finally Took The #GetOutChallenge Share Tweet Jordan Peele Finally Took The #GetOutChallenge By khal resident old | @khal May 28, 2017 Share Tweet Subscribe to Complex Video via The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon Jordan Peele's surprise hit film Get Out took the world by storm, and with most things that become the talk of all of your circles, memes are produced. Get Out, the horror film that takes a hard look at race in today's society, spawned the #GetOutChallenge, which involved running full speed at the camera before darting off to the right ala Walter's infamous moonlit sprint in the film. Everyone from Steph Curry to the cast of Black Panther got in on the fun, but surprisingly, the creator of the film that spawned said meme hadn't gotten into it...until now. Visiting The Tonight Show to promote the home release of Get Out, Peele decided to do his best #GetOutChallenge sprint as his entrance onto the set. Here's what it looked like. "That's the first time I've done the #GetOutChallenge," Peele said. "I'm so glad I didn't wipe out." Their conversation quickly dives into Peele's recent marriage and word of him having a child on the way, but they also remember the time ?uestlove choked on stage. Peele also spoke about the show he's working on with Tracy Morgan, and relays a story of Morgan choking on a Ding Dong during a phone conversation. Imitating Morgan, Peele remembers their conversation: "Survived Wal-mart truck, killed by Ding Dong." Further into his visit, Peele describes Get Out as a "social thriller," saying it's a movie that is "creepy, but humanity is the creepiest part of it." He also talks about Daniel Kaluuya (the star of Get Out) and his ability to cry on demand. If you haven't seen Get Out (or taken the #GetOutChallenge), spend some time this weekend taking this film in. Related Jordan Peele's Post 'Key and Peele' Career Moves Might Make Him Hollywood's Next Big Thing 'Get Out' Is Now the Highest Grossing Feature Debut for a Writer/Director of an Original Screenplay Jordan Peele And Netta Tackle Race And Immigration on ‘Complex Live’ Tags: News, Videos, Jimmy Fallon, Memes, Jordan Peele  Like  Follow  Chat Show Comments Lateststories Sports Hulk Hogan Gives His Two Cents on Bill Maher's Offensive Joke By Jose Martinez 2 hours ago Pop Culture ‘Broad City’: Watch the Wild Season 4 Trailer By Kyle Neubeck 4 hours ago Pop Culture JB Smoove Reportedly Announced 'Curb Your Enthusiasm' Return Date at Roots Picnic 2017 (UPDATE) By Kyle Neubeck 10 hours ago Pop Culture 'Wonder Woman' Breaks Box Office Record For Biggest Female Director Opening By Kyle Neubeck 11 hours ago Music Killer Mike Defends Bill Maher’s First Amendment Right to Say ‘Stupid Sh*t’ By Omar Burgess 12 hours ago Pop Culture 'Orange Is the New Black' Hacker Says ABC 'May Be Up Next' By Kyle Neubeck Jun 3, 2017 Pop Culture Alec Baldwin Defends Kathy Griffin, Calls Donald Trump a 'Senile Idiot' By Kyle Neubeck Jun 3, 2017 Pop Culture Bill Maher Issues an Apology, Says the N-Word Is Offensive and He Regrets Saying It By Aaron Mansfield Jun 3, 2017 Pop Culture Five (Other) Times Bill Maher Was Racist, Islamophobic, or Sexist By Omar Burgess Jun 3, 2017 Pop Culture Bill Maher Calls Himself a 'House N*gga' on 'Real Time' By Shawn Setaro Jun 3, 2017 More Stories NowTrending SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Contact UsTerms of Use CareersPrivacy Policy AdvertiseSite Map FeedsPersonalization MusicStyle Pop CultureSports SneakersLife © Complex Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business updated: 5/29/2017 8:45 AM One man's quest to help travelers sleep on a plane: JetComfy Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Ephi Zlotnitsky, an Israeli-born entrepreneur, tries out his new airplane pillow -- dubbed JetComfy -- at his Rockville, Md., office. Washington Post photo by Sarah L. Voisin.   Thomas Heath The Washington Post     Ephi Zlotnitsky landed in Washington as a 22-year-old immigrant from Israel on a July Saturday in 1989. The next day, the former Israel paratrooper, who barely spoke English, walked into a local kosher deli and got a job. As he recalls it: "The owner said, 'I don't have a job for you.' I said, 'I'm not leaving.' He asked me, what can I do?" "Whatever you want," Zlotnitsky replied. "Wash dishes. Clean floors." He did all that -- and also made a mean Israeli salad. Fast forward 28 years. The peripatetic Zlotnitsky, now 50, has started several companies, including a real estate company and a Maryland-based software firm. But it's his foray into airline travel that got my attention. Zlotnitsky is not only an example of the rich contributions that immigrants bring to America. His is also a tale of the thankless frustrations that go with building a business. And what with all the horror stories about fights, riots, even scorpions, on the airlines recently, I thought Zlotnitsky's little project to bring peaceful sleep to airline travelers was timely. The entrepreneur has helped invent an airplane pillow with the kitschy name of JetComfy. JetComfy reminds me of those wacky late-night ads hawking offbeat contraptions like the Veg-O-Matic, Pocket Fisherman and Inside the Shell Egg Scrambler. Like entrepreneur and TV marketer Ron Popeil, Zlotnitsky is always thinking of the next thing. People like Zlotnitsky impress me. I wish I had 2 percent of his energy and resourcefulness. After talking with him for an hour, I called the businessman who recommended him to me and asked, 'Is this guy for real?'" He assured me he was. "I wasn't the brightest guy," said Zlotnitsky, who was born and raised 20 minutes north of Tel Aviv. "But I've always been this guy who was thinking outside the box. I don't believe in 'no.' " This anecdote is from when he was a teenager: "We were driving in a car at night in the middle of nowhere in Israel and a belt broke in our car. We couldn't see anything. "The driver looks at me and said, 'We are stuck here.' I said 'I am breaking the mirror.' I told him to turn on the headlights and shine from one mirror to another. We managed to fix the belt and drove back home. From that day, people came to me to fix stuff." His latest mission is fixing sleep problems for travelers. The airspace for plane pillows is as crowded as the skies. The horseshoe pillow has been around for decades. A former Virgin Atlantic flight attendant, a few years back, invented a J-shaped pillow. "Airlines are cramming you in and there is less space and less everything," he said. "At least you want to sleep normal." Zlotnitsky and a business partner have invested three years and $350,000 to create the JetComfy. The pillow is the size of a purse and sells for $39.99. About 10,000 units have been sold since it went on sale in January. Zlotnitsky said he has plans to open the first JetComfy comfort sales center in Dulles International Airport in August and hopes to expand to 25 locations at larger airports in a year. The pillow is available now on Amazon Prime and at Luggage Plus stores and will be offered online by Walmart later this month. It weighs less than a pound and measures 9.5-by-5.5 inches. It looks nothing like a pillow -- more like a foam headrest attached to a foot-long pole supported by the arm of your seat. Zlotnitsky is betting that, among the more than 3 billion people who fly every year, there is enough of a market for him to sell millions of JetComfys. "We plan to sell over 350,000 units by mid-2018 in the U.S. alone," he said. "We are working to start distribution is Europe, China, Australia and the Middle East." After leaving the Israeli Defense Forces, Zlotnitsky started a plastering company. It failed, leaving him $250,000 in debt. "I didn't know what I was doing," he said. "I took loans. I bought machinery. All kinds of crazy stuff." He eventually paid off the bank loans. Zlotnitsky had better luck in the United States. He and his brother, Chanan, grew a small newspaper distribution route into the region's largest news delivery businesses, known as News One. They sold it to Hudson News in 2008, before print's steepest decline and in time to make some money off the sale. They invested in iControl. The $150 million company's technology aids communications between retailers and suppliers, and Zlotnitsky owns 22 percent of it. Goldman Sachs owns a chunk, too. In between, he has invested in real estate that earned enough money to subsidize iControl, JetComfy and a few other endeavors. "I don't know what I'm worth," he said. "I hope I'm worth a lot." JetComfy all started on a diving trip with his wife to Bora Bora in 2014. As they were exiting the Air Tahiti jet, he heard a passenger named David Brecht, a battery engineer from San Diego, call it the "worst flight ever." At the hotel bar later, the two decided to team up to bring restful sleep to those who can't afford to buy spacious first-class seats. Zlotnitsky's idea was to re-create the comfort of your chin resting in the cup of your hand with your elbow resting on the desk or table. "That's the natural position," he said. "You tell somebody to rest their head, and that's what they are going to do." They created mock-ups out of cardboard. They drew designs on toilet paper. They bought "selfie sticks" for the pillow stand. They Skyped between Maryland and San Diego. They bought a used 3-D printer for $2,300. They bought used airline seats on eBay to test their designs. They bought foam, aluminum, plastic. They pulled all-nighters. "Dave is the geek that can take my ideas and make it happen. I am the guy taking it to the business. We spent almost two years building this crazy thing." They tried out several names: EZ Rest (using Zlotnitsky's initials); EasyComfy. Their wives came up with JetComfy. The low point came on a factory-hunting trip to China in March 2016. Zlotnitsky arrived in Shenzhen, an industrial city of 12 million, in the middle of the night, meandering for three hours in a cab with a driver who did not understand English. " 'That's it,' I thought," Zlotnitsky said. "I'm not coming back from this one. It was like a movie." But he did come back after finding a small factory that could build most of the parts for his pillow. By last summer, they had nine test pillows that they asked friends and family to try. They sent samples to the Hallmark Channel and media outlets. They got a write-up on the HuffPost's website and a profile by a San Diego television station. Zlotnitsky sent me a free sample. My wife, Polly, took it with her on a trip overseas last week to serve as my guinea pig. "JetComfy is a plus," she reported back from Europe. "Not nirvana, but a definite improvement. It has earned a return ticket." Tweet This article filed under: Business Travel Washington Post Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2017 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Get Your Summer On Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
News Sports UK Sports Entertainment 78° Full Menu 78° Home News All News Business Communities Counties Crime Education Hot Topics Lexington Most Wanted Nation/World News Photos News Videos Politics Searchable Databases State Watchdog Columns Tom Eblen Sports All Sports UK Sports College Sports Next Cats Recruiting High School Horses Kentucky Speedway Lexington Legends Reds MLB NBA NASCAR NFL Sports Photos Sports Videos Columns John Clay's Columns Mark Story Next Cats Recruiting UK Sports All UK Sports Next Cats Recruiting Baseball Basketball - Men Basketball - Women Recruiting Ex-Cats Football UK Photos UK Videos More UK Sports Columns John Clay's Blog Mark Story Politics Politics Elections Entertainment All Entertainment Books Celebrities Comics Puzzles & Games Events Calendar Horoscopes Movies Music Restaurants Stage & Dance TV Visual Arts Entertainment Photos Entertainment Videos Blogs News Blogs Kentucky Weather Photo Archive Sports Blogs John Clay's Blog High School UK Football UK Men's Basketball UK Women's Basketball Lexington Legends Entertainment Blogs Rich Copley's Blog Walter Tunis on Music Opinion All Opinion Editorials Joel Pett Larry Dale Keeling Larry Webster Letters to the Editor National Columnists Op-Ed Submit a Letter Living All Living Celebrations Family Fashion Food & Drink Fru-Gal: Deb Morris Health & Medicine Home & Garden Paul Prather Religion Travel Readers' Choice Obituaries Kentucky Obituaries Obituaries in the News Submit an Obituary Hot Topics Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us About Us E-edition Photo & Page Reprints RSS Feeds Special Sections Site Information Advertise With Us Circulars Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Google+ Local Deals Shopping Grocery Coupons Today's Circulars Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Homeseller Legal Notices Place an Ad Teri Carter Teri Carter Op-Ed May 26, 2017 6:08 PM Lessons from Aunt Mary: When bootstraps cut, a hand up is OK By Teri Carter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Aunt Mary kept refusing to sign up for government assistance. She was in her 50s, living alone, paycheck to paycheck, overweight, struggling to manage her diabetes, and had recently lost a breast and suffered debilitating chemotherapy. Doctors insisted she could no longer work at the shoe factory where she’d spent decades on the line. But Aunt Mary held firm. She didn’t want charity, to be on the dole. She would figure something out. Americans pride ourselves on bootstraps culture — work hard, earn your keep, pull yourself up — and President Donald Trump’s proposed budget for 2018 reflects those principles. There are $193 billion in proposed cuts to food stamps (known now as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP). More than 40 million Americans depend on these benefits to feed their families and, contrary to common belief, 80 percent of those on SNAP have jobs. They are the working poor. The $9 billion in cuts to education include special needs, advanced placement and training for technical jobs. Tamara Hiler, a senior policy adviser for the think tank Third Way, called the president’s policy tone deaf as it hurts the core of his supporters: the poor, the rural and the working class. Cuts for farmers and agriculture over the next decade equal $50 billion. And then there’s health care. Kentuckians depend on Medicaid more than people in most states, so the president’s plan to slash Medicaid by $616 billion over the next 10 years (in addition to the $880 billion already proposed in the House Republicans’ health-care bill) would prove devastating to our most vulnerable citizens. And yet conservatives cheer the president’s plan. Aunt Mary was a proud American. It took us months to talk her into signing up for Medicaid. I’m convinced she would have held out longer, maybe forever, if my mother had not become terminally ill and guilted her into filling out the paperwork. “You’re my favorite sister,” my mother told her, “we were born 13 months apart and grew up sharing a bed. Do it for me. I won’t be able to die in peace knowing you’re not taken care of.” After my mother’s death, with Medicaid to pay for health care and medication, Aunt Mary lived another 12 years. A colorful character, she filled the mother-void in my life, but she also took what responsibility she could for her health. She managed her diabetes with diet and insulin and, after having a tumor removed from her heart, kept at the physical-therapy exercises on her own. She even lost some weight. When painful, diabetic neuropathy set in and she became wheelchair-bound, Aunt Mary signed up for Meals On Wheels. And though it took gargantuan effort, she continued to press her slacks, steam her blouses, do her hair and put on makeup every single morning, because, “if I’m getting a home-cooked meal, personally delivered, the least I can do is make myself presentable.” Aunt Mary was on the dole, but she knew the importance of appearances. Americans may have a bootstraps culture, but we can also be a cruel and judgmental lot, quick to righteousness. To the poor or addicted, we want to scream: “Clean up your act. Get a job.” To minority groups and immigrants: “Keep your head down and your mouth shut. Learn English. This is our country. If you don’t like it, get out.” To the obese mother in line at Walmart, with her full cart of food and her SNAP card: “Why do I have to pay when I work hard and you’re the lazy one, the one who made the wrong choices?” To the sick, as Rep. Mo Brooks from Alabama recently put it, our goal is not to provide health care or a safety net, but to reduce insurance “costs to those people who lead good lives.” So much for Matthew 25: 35-36: “I was hungry and you gave me something to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me something to drink, I was a stranger and you invited me in, I needed clothes and you clothed me, I was sick and you looked after me.” The president and his cabinet, and the majority of their supporters, believe massive cuts in social welfare programs, health care and education are necessary. A long overdue pulling-up of our collective American bootstraps. Hallelujah! they say. But at what cost? Am I the only one with an Aunt Mary? Teri Carter, a writer living in Lawrenceburg, can be reached at www.tericarter.net /contact.html. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 hours ago Mingione: Kentucky baseball doing it one cup at a time 1:09 4 hours ago Mingione: Kentucky baseball doing it one cup at a time 1:38 4 hours ago Zack Thompson flushes it and UK reaches regional finals 1:09 4 hours ago 2017 Guns vs. Hoses charity game View More Video Op-Ed Russian meddling OK with good pay, whiskey for votes A Pentecost moment: Address climate change, despite Trump Madness or miracle? Calif. transplant gets mowing bug To curb violence, focus on rearing children Full of integrity, Bunning ‘the straightest arrow I ever met’ Op-Ed Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Paper Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Delivery Vacation Stop Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Mobile Options Advertising Contact Us Place a Classified Ad Local Deals Shopping Digital Solutions Media Kit More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Cleveland.com Menu Home News open Politics open Local News open Opinion open Business open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate open Rentals open Videos open Photos open Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds open Find&Save Local Businesses open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists open Courts Nation World Special Reports open Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Know the RX: Opioid addiction resources Remaking The Q Stolen in the Suburbs Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns open Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Bill Livingston Dennis Manoloff Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining open Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards On Stage with Andrea Simakis Near West Theatre founder Stephanie Morrison Hrbek stepping down after 40 years (photos, videos) Updated on May 28, 2017 at 6:08 AM Posted on May 28, 2017 at 6:01 AM 33 Gallery: Near West Theatre: A Legacy of Love By Andrea Simakis, The Plain Dealer CLEVELAND, Ohio - Perhaps the best line in "Move On!" - a joyful noise of a documentary about the last musical performed by Near West Theatre in a sweltering third-floor church ballroom at West 38th Street and Bridge Avenue - was uttered by one of the countless young actors who'd performed there. The grungy hole-in-the-wall that had been the theater's home for 36 years "smells like sawdust and sweat and teenagers and Stephanie," she said, referring to tireless founder Stephanie Morrison Hrbek. Few artistic institutions in Cleveland are so indelibly linked to one person. She is ingrained in the very molecules of the place. Two years after shepherding an ambitious move to a $7.3 million, state-of-the-art performance venue in the Gordon Square Arts District in 2015 - and nearly 40 years after directing and choreographing "Godspell," the theater's first production - Morrison Hrbek is stepping down as executive director. The idea is to free her from the day-to-day duties of running a company so she can focus on growing Near West's small endowment and make way for fresh talent, "an indefatigable human being," she says, adept at both raising funds and the consciousness of Near West's casts, crews and audiences. Stephanie Morrison Hrbek, executive director of Near West Theatre since 1978, in a curtain speech before a production of "Children of Eden" at the company's former home in a meeting hall owned by St. Patrick's Church in 2012. (Peggy Turbett/ The Plain Dealer) From its inception, the theater - co-founded with husband the Rev. George Hrbek and Father Robert Scullin - has strived to make the world a better place, one production at a time. "She uses the theater as a healing art in an urban environment," says Leo Serrano, a Near West alum and one of the stars of "Godspell" in 1978. "It's not art for art's sake, but art to empower neighborhood kids to find their own voice, to find confidence, to build teams, to trust each other, to support each other." He was 15 when he first saw her - a woman with a bright smile and shock of dark curls bounding across the parking lot of St. Patrick's Church, where he and his cousins were shooting hoops. "She was radiant - her energy came off her. But then her enthusiasm - you know how some people are so enthused that you become enthused?" That's how she convinced jocks to turn into musical theater geeks in a single afternoon. "I was like, 'Yeah, OK. We're cool, we're in.' There was no thinking about it. We didn't even know her!" Serrano, now a chief fundraiser for the Cleveland Municipal School District, is a member of the search committee tasked with filling the vacancy left by Morrison Hrbek. They're on the hunt for a managing director to partner with longtime artistic director Bob Navis Jr, the breakout star of the Ted Sikora film captured pounding the piano and bellowing "I want it to feel more Brechtian!" at skinny boys in Batman T-shirts. "We're looking for a managing director - not the new Stephanie," Navis Jr told the committee on Day 1. "That's never going to happen," he said. But the house that Stephanie built is sturdy and meant to last. So, too, is its social justice mission. Make no mistake - the cheerful, big blue box of a building on Detroit Avenue isn't just a theater. To the kids and parents and, in some cases, grandparents who have participated in its youth, teen and multigenerational shows, Near West is so much more, including a de facto social service agency. Morrison Hrbek and staff have heard it all: spousal abuse, addiction of all sorts, diagnoses of cancer and HIV, kids wrestling with gender and sexual identity, family discord. They don't just listen; they make connections to a vast array of helping institutions on the near West Side. "Stephanie knows all the leaders of those institutions - they're her friends!" says Navis Jr. She also knows the alums who walked the boards, hammered the nails and hung the lights, whether the production was two years or two decades ago. She runs into them all the time in the Ohio City neighborhood. "I go to the grocery store, and I see somebody who's a cashier who was involved in the 1990s," says Morrison Hrbek. "And then I go to the hospital, and there's Danielle Edelman waiting on my husband - she was in 'Seasons of Love' in 1997." How about Patrick Ciamacco, artistic director of Blank Canvas Theatre? " 'South Pacific,' 1996," she says, without hesitation. "Honey, I'm the walking encyclopedia of institutional knowledge." Ciamacco was in a high school math class when his friend passed him a note. His mom had seen an ad in The Plain Dealer about auditions at Near West. Cast as "a chubby little Seabee," says Ciamacco, he fell head over heels for the place, as so many do. The kid from suburban Brunswick, Ohio was introduced to the openly gay Navis Jr, who became his mentor, and black and Latino cast mates, a diverse group of friends Ciamaco says he'd never have met in growing up in his hometown. As the company's choreographer, "Stephanie was at every rehearsal," he says. "And she looked everyone in the eye. She would talk to everyone - it didn't matter if you were the lead or in the ensemble or a crew member, she cared about your experience." Morrison Hrbek was never an aloof administrator. "She's hands-on," says Ciamacco. Navis Jr concurs. "She will sweep gum off the floor, if that's what needs to be done. She's always been that person and she still is that person." Ciamacco directed "Aladdin, Jr.," his first solo show, in 2006. In 2011, he took the lessons he learned from Morrison Hrbek and founded Blank Canvas, borrowing lights and chairs and scrap for risers. "Most of our audience is sitting on wood that was used in a Near West Theatre production," he says. "Without Near West and Stephanie, there would be no Blank Canvas." He thinks there might not be a Patrick either, at least not the man he is today. He was Mr. Bumble in "Oliver" in 1998 as his father, a football coach who took a while to warm up to the whole drama thing, was dying of cancer. Though he'd dropped out of the show because of his dad's illness, his parents encouraged him to rejoin the cast. Somehow, they knew it was exactly what their son needed. Toward the end, Ciamacco drove back to the theater in a blur. He walked into rehearsal weeping. He remembers the feeling of arms around him and of being surrounded by love. His father died soon after; the run of "Oliver" was dedicated to the memory of his dad. "I don't think I would have survived if it wasn't for Stephanie and Bob and everyone at the theater," he says. Cyle Black in the Near West Theatre production of "Assassins," in 2016. ( Near West Theatre)                                                                                  Cyle Black could easily wonder the same thing. He was 19 when he appeared in the Near West production of Stephen Sondheim's "Assassins" in 2016, arriving at rehearsals smelling like the burritos he made at an East Side Chipotle. It was weird, he says, but even though he had to take two busses and a train to get there, "Near West felt more like home than any other home I'd ever been in." Still, after the final cast party, he dropped out of sight when his hard-knock life got exponentially worse. He came out to his Jamaican mother at 12; she responded, he says, by putting him out. He floated through the foster care system, until he aged out at 18. He spent his nights at a cousin's in South Euclid, then couch-surfing with friends, then sleeping anywhere he could, even, he says, at a Walmart. One day, he found himself in Gordon Square. He wasn't thinking about Near West, just around the corner, or the people he'd met there, when he posted a message on Facebook yearning for some stability. The calls started almost at once. From associate artistic director Kelcie Dugger, who came to the theater at 12 in 2002 with her twin Monique, and Morrison Hrbek. He couldn't quite believe they really wanted to help. So many people had made similar promises over the years to earn "karma points" but never delivered. He decided to test them and wandered over to the theater, found Bob Navis and asked if he could work crew for the new production of "Mary Poppins." "No," Bob answered.  He knew it. Do-gooders were about to disappoint him again. "You're not doing crew," Navis Jr told him, seeming to rub the salt in. "You're going be in this show. Rehearsal starts in 15 minutes. Be ready and stretched.' "It got intense from there," says Black. Today, he's living near the theater with another alum who got bit by the Near West bug about 10 years ago working concessions. Black is earning money working on the construction of a bed and breakfast his benefactor plans to open soon. Near West just closed "Mary Poppins," where Black hoofed so hard in "Step in Time," the dance of the Chimney Sweeps, he had to run backstage and take a few puffs of his inhaler so he could make it through the rest of the show. It was an auspicious title. He thinks the house that Stephanie built might be imbued with a touch of Mary Poppins' magic. How else could his life have been so transformed? But that's the story of Near West Theatre, told again and again, for almost 40 years. There is no better legacy. To contribute to Near West Theatre or to its endowment, or for information on the position of managing director, visit nearwesttheatre.org. View Comments About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
June 4, 2017 | 81° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obituaries Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Star Channels Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs Star Channels Travel Passport offices to see boom this year Associated Press Posted May 28, 2017 May 28, 2017 Updated May 28, 2017 12:05am ASSOCIATED PRESS FILE People wait in line outside a U.S. passport office in Philadelphia. NEW YORK >> The U.S. State Department expects 20.5 million applications for new and renewed passports this year, and that will be a record number. The busy year is no surprise. Adult U.S. passports must be renewed every 10 years, and it was 10 years ago that a new law went into effect requiring passports for Americans traveling to Mexico, Canada and the Caribbean. That new law resulted in a surge of passport requests in 2007, along with extraordinary delays that stretched into months for some individuals. This year the State Department says it is beating promised turnaround times of six to eight weeks for processing passports. “In 2007 it was not a good situation,” Brenda Sprague, deputy assistant secretary for passport services, said. “We did a lot of post-mortem discussions and have spent 10 years getting ready for this and addressing all the challenges we expected to come. We are extremely busy, but I am pleased to say that we are so far, knock wood, staying well ahead of ­­­­ the curve.” Tips from Sprague for avoiding passport hassles: >> Make sure your photos meet the requirements as described at travel.state.gov/content/passports/en/­passports/photos. Among other things: You can’t wear glasses or a hat in a passport photo, you must look directly at the camera, the photo must be shot against a light background and your expression should be neutral, though a smile is OK. Sprague said CVS, Walmart and other purveyors of passport photos have worked with the State Department to make sure their passport photos meet standards. >> Keep an eye on the expiration date on your passport. Many countries require that your passport be valid for six months after you cross their border, so you might need to renew earlier than you think. >> Check the travel.state.gov website for rules on passports for minors. Their passports must be renewed every five years, and both parents must appear when the application is submitted, among other detailed requirements. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Governor’s race could be crowded Holloway beats Aldo to unify the featherweight title at UFC 212 City plans homeless sweep of state’s Nimitz Highway medians Servco offering repairs, loaners in Toyota recall Jio, Yamaguchi lead their teams to the path to glory Comments () By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. Flag comments if you believe they do not follow our guidelines. Click here for more information on our commenting system. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, June 04, 2017, 11:18 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Batesville agency brings hope to residents By Kayla Baugh This article was published May 28, 2017 at 12:00 a.m. PHOTO BY WILLIAM HARVEY John Peek, from left, Nona Floyd, Beverly Sellers and Shenell Green volunteer at Batesville Help and Hope. Peek became the facility’s director of operations in March. Comments aAFont Size BATESVILLE  Batesville Help and Hope, an agency that provides food and clothing to those in need in Independence County, serves around 2,000 people per month. John Peek has been a volunteer at the agency for over a year and became director of operations in March. Peek said giving back to the community is his favorite part of the job. “You hear stories about the hardships people have faced, and that pulls at your heartstrings and reaffirms the work you’re doing,” he said. Batesville Help and Hope operates a food pantry and a clothing center, with the help of volunteers. Peek said the food pantry is the most significant part of the operation. Eligible people can come in and pick up a box of food once a month, and the size of the box correlates with the size of the family, he said. Peek said eligible patrons are people who meet federal poverty guidelines and live in Independence County. People requesting assistance are asked to provide documentation to verify their residence and income levels, along with photo identification. Peek said the agency also provides emergency boxes of food for people with immediate needs, such as families who have experienced a house fire. A clothing center is also operated by the agency, and people are provided clothing cards that allow them to get a certain number of items each month. “Sometimes people will donate toys and books to us. We have a children’s book section and an adult book section. There’s an honor system in place, and people are able to take books out for a month and return them at their leisure,” Peek said. Peek also mentioned that the agency added a classroom in January and plans to have workshops available regularly on-site by the end of the year. “We’re looking for local agencies or institutions that would like to offer informational sessions here,” he said. The impact of the agency on the community is significant, and Batesville Help and Hope operates one of the larger food pantries in the state, he said. He said the agency receives food donations from Walmart, Kroger, the United States Department of Agriculture and local businesses, along with significant funding from the United Way. “A third of the food we pass out is purchased through the food bank in Little Rock at a discount,” Peek said. Local churches also contribute to the food pantry and host fundraisers, he said. Peek said he expects the agency to do more structured fundraising within the next few months. “We’re always in need of volunteers,” Peek said. “People who will give their time, treasure or talents are appreciated.” Volunteers can help during the day or in the evening hours. Nona Floyd, a desk volunteer at Batesville Help and Hope, has worked with the agency since 1998. Aside from working at the desk and registering people into the system, Floyd has spent time working in the clothing department. Floyd said she began working at the agency after a friend asked her to work in her place while she had surgery. Floyd never left the agency and said she enjoys helping people. She said the agency has a tremendous impact on the community, especially the elderly and handicapped. “We’re able to provide people with good nutritious food and clothing,” she said. Floyd said she’s glad the agency is able to help people with temporary needs as well. “Sometimes people who’ve been laid off at work just need us for a month or two,” Floyd said. It’s important to make people feel welcome and free of judgment, she said. “The most important part of my job is treating people with dignity and not making them feel like they’ve failed in some way because they have to come here,” Floyd said. “We believe in compassion for everyone,” she added. “When people are in need, I’m glad we can help them.” Floyd said it’s impressive that she lives in a community where people care about others and are willing to volunteer time and effort to make life easier for those around them. She said everybody at the agency is a volunteer. “We work with a lot of good people,” Floyd said. “Many of us have worked or lived here for extended periods of time,” Peek said, “and we like to give back to the community. That’s a key motivating factor.” Staff writer Kayla Baugh can be reached at (501) 244-4307 or kbaugh@arkansasonline.com. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Area Arts Council celebrates ‘The Good, the B... COMMUNITY EVENTS IN THE THREE RIVERS AREA You know you’re a grandmother when ... Family painting activity ‘rocks’ local cities Batesville agency brings hope to residents Norton hired as new Rose Bud football coach COMMUNITY EVENTS IN THE THREE RIVERS AREA Movie camp encourages kids to ‘shoot for the ... Principal retiring after 41 years in Searcy s... Comments on: Batesville agency brings hope to residents To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 'Executive privilege' to quiet Comey called an option (29 comments) Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (31 comments) 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack (6 comments) Pulled from reality (4 comments) 2 leaders affirm climate pledges (2 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (35 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Site 1985-Present 1831-1950 Nonprofit group sets goals for improvements in Pana Saturday May 27, 2017 at 7:00 PM May 27, 2017 at 7:48 PM Tamara Browning Staff Writer @tambrowningSJR PANA -- Former teacher Ruth Baldock hopes soon to show her daughter more visual evidence of the work the nonprofit Pana Pride has been doing to improve the town's image. “My daughter, who lives in St. Louis, she keeps saying, ‘Well, show me something, Mom,’ ” said Baldock, who moved to Pana in the 1970s for a teaching job. “She’s really glad we’re doing this, but she keeps saying, ‘I want to see something that looks different.’ ” Baldock, a member of Pana Pride’s beautification committee, could point to a new program, “Yard of the Month,” taking place May through October. It encourages residents to clean up, enhance or beautify their properties. Plus, there’s an upcoming streetscape project in which more than 60 trees (including Bradford Pears) will be planted in a three-block area of Locust Street. “The streetscape is very important right now in addition to the yards. ... We’ve done a lot of things, but they’re all going to start to show,” said Tom Dean, president of Pana Pride. Board member A.J. Wiss also recalled a number of completed projects such as painting Pana’s downtown curbs yellow, and the grand opening of a bike trail. Then there was the recent Dumpster Days. “There were 12 or 13 big dumpsters at the city garage, and we’ve had that program to where people bring their trash and dump them in for years,” said Wiss, a native of Pana. “This year, we decided that Pana Pride would go out and pick up for people that couldn’t bring their stuff in, and we loaded 4 1/2 dumpsters just on a Friday.” People assets Pana Pride became active in 2014. It became a nonprofit a year later. “There was a small group of 15 of us who had a desire to be a part of increasing the pride of the residents in Pana and being part of the future of where Pana was going,” said Dean, who came to town in 1988 and owns McCracken-Dean Funeral Home. Pana Pride’s treasurer, Paula Lebon, a Pana native, said the group “struggled for about a year,” implementing small projects like painting a building downtown and planting flowers. Pana Pride got more concrete direction after it began participation in October 2016 in the Illinois Institute for Rural Affairs at Western Illinois University’s MAPPING the Future of Your Community program. A Pana Action Plan 2017 was developed that noted four high-priority goals (corresponding committees have been established for beautification, retail and dining, manufacturing and industry, and events), strategies, projects and action teams. After the conclusion of the program, a town meeting was held March 19 to share information and invite the community’s participation. Nearly 300 people attended. “When we did the rural mapping ... we talked about what the assets of the community are," said Dara Thompson, who was born and raised in Pana and is Pana Pride’s secretary. “Everyone talked about the people that are here, that that was one of our biggest assets. ... We’re trying to get everyone together and pool those talents and assets to make Pana a better place.” A ‘good place’ A goal highlighted through the mapping program is attracting new residents and visitors by beautifying Pana through well-maintained residential districts, attractive community entrances and a restored downtown with attractive streetscaping and design elements. Among strategies is to encourage refurbishment of buildings and facades. With that in mind, Pana Pride is exploring the possibility of acquisition and restoration of the old brick railroad freight house adjacent to Walmart. Used by the Illinois Central and New York Central lines, the freight house dates from the 1800s and is in disrepair. A goal is to restore the building for use as a tourism center or railroad museum. The group also is hoping that property south of the freight house that’s been used as a parking lot could be developed, perhaps partly as a park. “We’re trying to do things for people when they drive through town to say, ‘Hey, Pana is a good place to live,’ ” Dean said. “We’re only 35 miles from Decatur. We’re 40 miles from Springfield. We have great schools. We have a good hospital. In fact, our hospital is just getting ready to put on about a $12 million expansion. ... We have recreation. We have everything that you would want to have.” Dean added that Pana is a supportive community. “The people are so giving, and so you ought to come live with us,” he said. Thompson said Dean spoke eloquently at the town meeting about how the community could support Pana Pride. “He told the people that, ‘If you don’t ever want to come to a meeting or if you don’t want to be involved in any of the things that we do, if you just mowed your yard, if you just do something to beautify your property, then we would consider you a member of Pana Pride,’ ” Thompson said. Said Dean: “Just take pride where you’re at and what you own.” -- Contact Tamara Browning: tamara.browning@sj-r.com, 788-1534, twitter.com/tambrowningSJR. *** Want to participate? Donations may be made by sending checks payable to Pana Pride to: P.O. Box 166, Pana, IL 62557. The website is www.panapride.org, email is info@panapride.org, and it is on Facebook. Pana Pride meets the second Tuesday of each month with committees meeting at 6 p.m. and the general meeting at 7. The next meeting will be June 13. For the summer, meetings will take place at First United Methodist Church, 619 Kitchell St. Yard of the Month Each month from May through October, a focus street will be announced so that homeowners and renters on that street will have a month to maintain or make improvements to their yards. The focus street for June is Maple Street. At the end of the month, a panel of judges will choose the Yard of the Month. Winners get $25 in “Chamber Dollars” to be spent at a business that is a Pana Chamber of Commerce member. A “Pana Pride Yard of the Month” sign will be placed in the winner’s yard for the following month. The May Yard of the Month winner is at 311 E. Locust St.  About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile Advertise With Us Contact Us Subscribe Place an Ad Commenting Rules Archives Marketplace Cars Homes Classifieds Newspaper Ads Garage Sale Directory Sections News State Government Sports The Voice Local Entertainment Information Social Media Directory E-edition Today's Front Page Text Alerts Calendar Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The State Journal-Register ~ Springfield, IL 62701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police, Fire, Courts State Government Local Government Education Health Health Blogs School closings Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports Illini High schools High School Football Junior Blues UIS, Local Colleges Score reporting forms Auto Racing Entertainment TV Guide Movie times Sudoku Games Calendar Life The Voice Food Restaurant Reviews Celebrations Beliefs Health Opinion Editorials Letters Bernard Schoenburg Columns How to submit a letter, column Photos The Visual Journal Send us Your Pix Business Obituaries More Videos Calendar Football Scores Salary Databases Social Media Directory Front pages Contests Branded Content Subscriber My Profile E-edition Text Alerts Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Garage Sale Directory Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications SUBSCRIBE TODAY Choose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery. Action
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Why I Won't Go Near Brick-and-Mortar Apparel Stocks Right Now Full-price, mall-based, and department-store retailers got destroyed last week. They may look cheap now, but I'm not touching them; here's why. Billy Duberstein (Dubs82) May 27, 2017 at 4:23PM Last week, investors experienced a violent sell-off for many department-store apparel retailers after some companies posted earnings. Macy's (NYSE:M), Kohl's, Nordstrom (NYSE:JWN), J.C. Penney (NYSE:JCP), Sears, and Ascena Retail Group all took a beating, down between 10% and 30% in just one week. The catalysts were earnings reports from several names, although not every company mentioned reported. Still, almost any retailer primarily selling full-priced apparel was sold off, as investors concluded that these companies are all in secular decline. And while many value vultures may be looking at these names right now, I'd stay away for several reasons. Image source: Getty Images. Looks can be deceiving A secular decline is dangerous, because it makes the stocks in question look cheap, with low price-to-earnings and price-to-book ratios, along with high dividend yields. But there is no telling how quick or severe the pain will be, as evidenced by continued same-store sales declines across the board. For instance, activist investor Starboard Value LP took a position in Macy's back in July of 2015, at around $65 per share. Its thesis was that Macy's owned real estate that by itself was worth more than its market capitalization. Starboard proposed selling off Macy's properties and leasing them back. Greenlight Capital, another prominent hedge fund run by David Einhorn, also took a position in 2016 at around $45 a share. The problem with this theory was that a) if Macy's stayed in these locations it would have to pay rents, and b) even if Macy's vacated, the locations were retail spaces that would have to be filled by someone else. Judging by the performance across the sector, it would difficult to find a dependable tenant when everyone was closing stores. In March, Starboard exited its position, eating a 60% loss. Greenlight exited in January for a smaller, yet still unpleasant, 30% loss. This is what happens when value investors mistake a turnaround for a secular decline: embarrassing losses. You might think that with Macy's trading at around $23.60 and the yield over 6%, the bottom is in. But as Clint Eastwood said in Dirty Harry: "Do you feel lucky?" Even good management can't do anything In 1988 Warren Buffett quipped: "With few exceptions, when a manager with a reputation for brilliance tackles a business with a reputation for poor fundamental economics, it is the reputation of the business that remains intact." Returning to Macy's -- my punching bag for this article, although my argument could apply to all the other names as well -- new CEO Jeff Gennette seems to have an intelligent, well-thought-out, and appropriate strategy. The company reduced head count, is closing unprofitable stores, and is experimenting with new formats in women's shoes and jewelry. Macy's also opened up its own discounted format, Macy's Backstage, which will feature off-price merchandise, and it is expanding e-commerce. This seems prudent: People are buying fewer full-priced clothes, so the move to footwear and jewelry is wise. When they do buy clothes, they increasingly look for deals. This has given rise to off-price retailers such as TJX Companies' T.J. Maxx, Ross Stores, and Burlington Stores. The problem is that all of these moves are easily replicated. What's to stop Kohl's or Nordstrom from also stocking more footwear and watches? Every retailer out there is developing more robust e-commerce initiatives (usually carrying lower margins), and as customers order more online, companies will suffer sales deleverage from fixed rent and labor costs. Also, Macy's is late to the off-price game, a few years behind Nordstrom, which unveiled Nordstrom Rack years ago. Off-price stores can also possibly diminish the larger, more profitable division, so there is cannibalization risk. Finally, if everyone is discounting, why wouldn't customers go to the stores known for the biggest discounts: Wal-Mart or Amazon? The big problem Keep in mind: The terrible results are happening in an economy that is nearing full employment and where consumer spending is actually good -- U.S. retail sales actually grew 0.1% in March and 0.4% in April. Imagine what would happen in a recession. It's perhaps fitting that Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos summed up the problem well: "All businesses need to be young forever. If your customer base ages with you, you're Woolworth's." Department stores have been late to adjust to a population that increasingly seeks discounts, and a millennial generation that craves "experiences" and the convenience of shopping online. Bottom line: Some of these retailers will survive, but it's hard to pick any winners, and even the survivors are likely to be much smaller companies than they are today. Why play with fire? Billy Duberstein owns shares of, and The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends, Amazon. The Motley Fool recommends Nordstrom. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Billy Duberstein (Dubs82) None Article Info May 27, 2017 at 4:23PM Consumer Goods Stocks J.C. Penney NYSE:JCP $4.89 up $0.06 (1.24%) Nordstrom NYSE:JWN $42.47 down $0.41 (-0.96%) Macy's NYSE:M $23.81 down $0.27 (-1.12%) Read More Why Did Macy's, Inc. Shares Lose 11% in March? Department Store Dividends Look Appealing, but Are They Really Traps? Macy's Reaps a Windfall From Its Real Estate Sorry, Macy's, T.J. Maxx Isn't What's Killing You -- This Is Instant Analysis: Tailored Brands and Macy's Part Ways Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Why I Won't Go Near Brick-and-Mortar Apparel Stocks Right Now @themotleyfool #stocks $JCP, $JWN, $M
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Site 1985-Present 1831-1950 Nonprofit group sets goals for improvements in Pana Saturday May 27, 2017 at 7:00 PM May 27, 2017 at 7:48 PM Tamara Browning Staff Writer @tambrowningSJR PANA -- Former teacher Ruth Baldock hopes soon to show her daughter more visual evidence of the work the nonprofit Pana Pride has been doing to improve the town's image. “My daughter, who lives in St. Louis, she keeps saying, ‘Well, show me something, Mom,’ ” said Baldock, who moved to Pana in the 1970s for a teaching job. “She’s really glad we’re doing this, but she keeps saying, ‘I want to see something that looks different.’ ” Baldock, a member of Pana Pride’s beautification committee, could point to a new program, “Yard of the Month,” taking place May through October. It encourages residents to clean up, enhance or beautify their properties. Plus, there’s an upcoming streetscape project in which more than 60 trees (including Bradford Pears) will be planted in a three-block area of Locust Street. “The streetscape is very important right now in addition to the yards. ... We’ve done a lot of things, but they’re all going to start to show,” said Tom Dean, president of Pana Pride. Board member A.J. Wiss also recalled a number of completed projects such as painting Pana’s downtown curbs yellow, and the grand opening of a bike trail. Then there was the recent Dumpster Days. “There were 12 or 13 big dumpsters at the city garage, and we’ve had that program to where people bring their trash and dump them in for years,” said Wiss, a native of Pana. “This year, we decided that Pana Pride would go out and pick up for people that couldn’t bring their stuff in, and we loaded 4 1/2 dumpsters just on a Friday.” People assets Pana Pride became active in 2014. It became a nonprofit a year later. “There was a small group of 15 of us who had a desire to be a part of increasing the pride of the residents in Pana and being part of the future of where Pana was going,” said Dean, who came to town in 1988 and owns McCracken-Dean Funeral Home. Pana Pride’s treasurer, Paula Lebon, a Pana native, said the group “struggled for about a year,” implementing small projects like painting a building downtown and planting flowers. Pana Pride got more concrete direction after it began participation in October 2016 in the Illinois Institute for Rural Affairs at Western Illinois University’s MAPPING the Future of Your Community program. A Pana Action Plan 2017 was developed that noted four high-priority goals (corresponding committees have been established for beautification, retail and dining, manufacturing and industry, and events), strategies, projects and action teams. After the conclusion of the program, a town meeting was held March 19 to share information and invite the community’s participation. Nearly 300 people attended. “When we did the rural mapping ... we talked about what the assets of the community are," said Dara Thompson, who was born and raised in Pana and is Pana Pride’s secretary. “Everyone talked about the people that are here, that that was one of our biggest assets. ... We’re trying to get everyone together and pool those talents and assets to make Pana a better place.” A ‘good place’ A goal highlighted through the mapping program is attracting new residents and visitors by beautifying Pana through well-maintained residential districts, attractive community entrances and a restored downtown with attractive streetscaping and design elements. Among strategies is to encourage refurbishment of buildings and facades. With that in mind, Pana Pride is exploring the possibility of acquisition and restoration of the old brick railroad freight house adjacent to Walmart. Used by the Illinois Central and New York Central lines, the freight house dates from the 1800s and is in disrepair. A goal is to restore the building for use as a tourism center or railroad museum. The group also is hoping that property south of the freight house that’s been used as a parking lot could be developed, perhaps partly as a park. “We’re trying to do things for people when they drive through town to say, ‘Hey, Pana is a good place to live,’ ” Dean said. “We’re only 35 miles from Decatur. We’re 40 miles from Springfield. We have great schools. We have a good hospital. In fact, our hospital is just getting ready to put on about a $12 million expansion. ... We have recreation. We have everything that you would want to have.” Dean added that Pana is a supportive community. “The people are so giving, and so you ought to come live with us,” he said. Thompson said Dean spoke eloquently at the town meeting about how the community could support Pana Pride. “He told the people that, ‘If you don’t ever want to come to a meeting or if you don’t want to be involved in any of the things that we do, if you just mowed your yard, if you just do something to beautify your property, then we would consider you a member of Pana Pride,’ ” Thompson said. Said Dean: “Just take pride where you’re at and what you own.” -- Contact Tamara Browning: tamara.browning@sj-r.com, 788-1534, twitter.com/tambrowningSJR. *** Want to participate? Donations may be made by sending checks payable to Pana Pride to: P.O. Box 166, Pana, IL 62557. The website is www.panapride.org, email is info@panapride.org, and it is on Facebook. Pana Pride meets the second Tuesday of each month with committees meeting at 6 p.m. and the general meeting at 7. The next meeting will be June 13. For the summer, meetings will take place at First United Methodist Church, 619 Kitchell St. Yard of the Month Each month from May through October, a focus street will be announced so that homeowners and renters on that street will have a month to maintain or make improvements to their yards. The focus street for June is Maple Street. At the end of the month, a panel of judges will choose the Yard of the Month. Winners get $25 in “Chamber Dollars” to be spent at a business that is a Pana Chamber of Commerce member. A “Pana Pride Yard of the Month” sign will be placed in the winner’s yard for the following month. The May Yard of the Month winner is at 311 E. Locust St.  About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile Advertise With Us Contact Us Subscribe Place an Ad Commenting Rules Archives Marketplace Cars Homes Classifieds Newspaper Ads Garage Sale Directory Sections News State Government Sports The Voice Local Entertainment Information Social Media Directory E-edition Today's Front Page Text Alerts Calendar Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The State Journal-Register ~ Springfield, IL 62701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police, Fire, Courts State Government Local Government Education Health Health Blogs School closings Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports Illini High schools High School Football Junior Blues UIS, Local Colleges Score reporting forms Auto Racing Entertainment TV Guide Movie times Sudoku Games Calendar Life The Voice Food Restaurant Reviews Celebrations Beliefs Health Opinion Editorials Letters Bernard Schoenburg Columns How to submit a letter, column Photos The Visual Journal Send us Your Pix Business Obituaries More Videos Calendar Football Scores Salary Databases Social Media Directory Front pages Contests Branded Content Subscriber My Profile E-edition Text Alerts Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Garage Sale Directory Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications SUBSCRIBE TODAY Choose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery. Action
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video State high court ruling on death penalty could restart executions High Times Cannabis Cup gives Wine Country different weekend buzz Trump may not try to block Comey testimony California's 'green rush' draws Hmong immigrants News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Cosby's image as father, family man on the line at sex trial Quick count gives lead to ruling party in key Mexico State 4 nations cut diplomatic ties to Qatar as Gulf rift deepens UN chief announces new talks on Cyprus reunification in June Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Warriors’ Attles wins lifetime achievement award Names & Faces: Evel Knievel, Novak Djokovic With Kerr back on bench, Warriors cruise to Game 2 win SF’s Chris Mocko wins marathon in Ireland Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF Airbnb hosts more likely to reject the disabled, a study finds Move hat making into a US factory? Easier said than done Job growth stumbles in May Blue Apron meal kit delivery service files for IPO A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do Rhino’s ‘Priscilla’ keeps Bay Area chintz alive The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife Tia Carrere reprises ‘Wayne’s World’ role for Clusterfest Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer 5 amazing food adventures Our favorite places for doughnuts in the Bay Area Where to find free doughnuts in the Bay Area Here's a photo of Lebron James ordering a bunch of food at The Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Summer Camp Guide Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Our favorite Bay Area Instagram photos from May Stunning floral decor for your next outdoor party Town debates whether teens who mow lawns should pay $110 for Yosemite's newest thrill: Running through a 'dangerous' waterfall Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: The Hideaway, Carmel One Day, One Place: Covering the waterfront, Monterey style SFO getting more flights to New Orleans Cold rush: Larger fleet sails for Alaskan waters Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Home in the heart of the city Small cottage on huge lot for $1.195 million in Corona Heights Sweet Orinda home goes pending in 8 days Berkeley’s Oaks Theatre hits the market at $4.25 million Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Short-lived marque lets broker fulfill college dream 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Live life after graduation debt free Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.thewrap.com/watch-jordan-peele-do-the-get-out-challenge-video/ Watch Jordan Peele Do the ‘Get Out’ Challenge (Video) "Get Out' creator participates in social media craze Brian Flood and Rasha Ali, provided by Published 2:27 pm, Saturday, May 27, 2017 Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Watch Jordan Peele Do the ‘Get Out’ Challenge (Video) 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Filmmaker Jordan Peele made a surprising entrance on Friday night’s “The Tonight Show starring Jimmy Fallon” by doing the “Get Out” challenge. Peele, who wrote, directed and produced the runaway hit film “Get Out,” ran out onto the stage, directly into the camera, then beelining it to stage right. “That’s the first time I’ve done the ‘Get Out’ challenge,” Peele said, casually taking a seat next to Fallon. Fallon called it a a “nice little Easter egg.” “That’s the first time I’ve done the ‘Get Out’ challenge,” Peele said. Latest entertainment videos Also Read: 'Get Out': Watch Jordan Peele's Much Darker Alternate Ending (Video) The Get Out Challenge is a social media craze that was influenced by a very particular scene in the movie. It’s pretty simple, too. So, remember near the beginning of the film when Chris steps out in the middle of the night for a smoke and encounters Walter running full speed at him before making a quick turn? That’s, basically, what the Get Out Challenge involves. Someone runs like Walter towards the camera — or the person filming — before swiftly changing course for whatever reason. Also Read: 'Black Panther' Cast Does #GetOutChallenge, Scare the Crap Out of Daniel Kaluuya (Video) People have gotten creative with their Walter impersonations, with some doing it in Walmart aisles, their school halls and even adding funny storylines. “Get Out” is about interracial couple Rose (Allison Williams) and Chris (Daniel Kaluuya), who reach a meet-the-parents stage in their relationship, leaving their metropolis for a country gathering hosted by mom (Catherine Keener) and dad (Bradley Whitford). Check out the video above. Read original story Watch Jordan Peele Do the ‘Get Out’ Challenge (Video) At TheWrap Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. NBA FINALS GAME 2: WARRIORS VS. CAVS With Kerr back on bench, Warriors cruise to Game 2 win Warriors practice becomes A-List event for celebrities 4-year-old Warriors fan is a dead ringer for Steph Curry Guy Fieri brings Flavortown to Game 2, poses with E-40 LeBron has a monster game in losing effort Scenes from Game 2 include Santana's anthem, other celebs LATEST NEWS Putin, Megyn Kelly have heated exchange over Trump-Russia Man dies after being knifed following fight on bus Photo shows man casually mowing lawn with tornado nearby Unusual June rain could soak Bay Area this week Doug the Pug is the real big dog at SF Clusterfest CNN host rebuked for comment to spelling-bee champion Internet hunts man who allegedly hit people at Berkeley rally California's 'green rush' draws Hmong immigrants Nobody wants this $29 million mansion near SF's 'Billionaire Row' SF's most expensive house: This $40M modern masterpiece Zillow predicts price decreases in these SF neighborhoods $2.895 million flat in Telegraph Hill Climber makes chilling, unroped ascent of El Capitan Yosemite's newest thrill: Running through a 'dangerous' waterfall 50 'old' movies every young person needs to watch The worst film each year since 1967 Mother paralyzed by tree branch in SF struggles after accident Family of woman badly hurt by branch awaits SF’s help TODAY'S TOP PICKS Famous Bay Area authors' must-read books and lesser-known gems Fun times during the first two days of Clusterfest Alec Baldwin’s advice to Kathy Griffin on Trump brouhaha Most Popular 1 Photo shows man casually mowing the lawn with massive tornado... 2 Unusual June rain could soak Bay Area this week 3 Nobody wants this mansion near San Francisco's 'Billionaire... 4 Climber, without rope, conquers Yosemite’s El Capitan 5 CNN host assumed an Indian-American spelling-bee champion... 6 Opinion: With his London tweets, Trump embarrasses himself -... 7 Man dies after being knifed following fight on bus in Oakley 8 Celebrities want to see the Golden State Warriors any way they... 9 With Kerr back on bench, Warriors cruise to Game 2 win 10 Steve Kerr returns to Warriors’ bench for Game 2 LATEST NEWS Putin, Megyn Kelly have heated exchange over Trump-Russia Man dies after being knifed following fight on bus Photo shows man casually mowing lawn with tornado nearby Unusual June rain could soak Bay Area this week Doug the Pug is the real big dog at SF Clusterfest CNN host rebuked for comment to spelling-bee champion Internet hunts man who allegedly hit people at Berkeley rally California's 'green rush' draws Hmong immigrants Clusterfest 2017 takes over San Francisco View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Sign in or Subscribe See Offers News News Home Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine’s Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Home High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Community Opinion Opinion Home Letters to the Editor Lifestyle Sustainable Living Things To Do In Maine Obituaries Pressherald.com Mainetoday.com Events Classified Real Estate Local Offers Jobs Purchase Photos Public Notices Puzzles Sudoku Crossword e-Editions Newsletters My Account Support Home Delivery Help FAQ Reader Services Contact Us Subscribe Advertise Special Sections Open Centralmaine Home Menu News News Protesters face off in Oregon in wake of anti-Muslim tirade that led to 2 killings More Headlines Islamic State group claims responsibility for deadly London attack Jimmie Johnson extends Dover track record with 11th victory More in News Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine's Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Benintendi belts 2 homers to power Sox past Orioles More Headlines Bridgeway, Winthrop emerge to take high seeds as baseball playoffs near Even at 87, John Neff is one of the Maine Appalachian Trail Club’s most dedicated volunteers More in Sports High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Opinion Opinion Our View: Fully funding education is basis of state budget deal More Headlines Jim Fossel: Trump’s pretty good trip abroad Alan Caron: Now more than ever, Democrats should rally behind Angus King More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Community Community Lakewood Continuing Care welcomes certified nurses’ aide graduates More Headlines Central Maine business briefs Windsor student recognized as Promising Young Writer More in Community Celebrations Obituaries Lifestyle Lifestyle Movie Times More Headlines Add flower power to your plate with hostas TRAVELIN’ MAINE(RS): Ogunquit More in Lifestyle Sustainable Living Food Books Things to do in Maine Sudoku Crossword Local Offers Local Offers Test More Headlines More in Local Offers <div style="display:none;">test</div> Real Estate Real Estate 6 Kennison St., Manchester More Headlines ‘Little’ upgrades can mean a lot to home-buyers Make your back yard an oasis this summer More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Public Notices Jobs Subscriber Log in Welcome Log Out Subscribe   News Posted May 27 increase font size Morning Sentinel May 27 police log Waterville area police reports for May 27, 2017. Share Comment Read Article IN CANAAN, Friday at 12:23 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Strickland Road. 3:18 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Park Drive. 4:40 p.m., trespassing was reported on Hartland Road. IN CHESTERVILLE, Friday at 12:55 p.m., a domestic disturbance was reported on Zions Hill Road. Saturday at 7:37 a.m., trees were reported down on Pope Road. IN CLINTON, Friday at 4:48 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Lindseys Way. 7:58 p.m., a drug offense was reported on Hill Road. 4:48 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Lindseys Way. IN DETROIT, Friday at 1:08 p.m., a domestic disturbance was reported on North Road. IN FAIRFIELD, Friday at noon, suspicious activity was reported on Norridgewock Road. 3 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Back Road. 10:04 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Skowhegan Road. IN FARMINGTON, Friday at 12:04 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Farmington Falls Road. IN INDUSTRY, Friday at 12:53 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Church Street. IN JAY, Friday at 8:05 a.m., trees were reported down on Franklin Road. IN MADISON, Saturday at 12:02 a.m., a complaint about shots being fired was taken on Weston Avenue. IN MERCER, Saturday at 7:09 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Rome Road. IN MOUNT VERNON, Friday at 5:58 p.m., an odor investigation was conducted on Main Street. IN NEWPORT, Friday at 2:38 p.m., threatening was reported on Shaw Street. IN NORRIDGEWOCK, Friday at 7:42 p.m., a scam was reported on Mercer Road. 9:47 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Ferry Road. Saturday at 7:48 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Mercer Road. IN OAKLAND, Friday at 9:15 a.m., sex offenses were reported on Fairfield Street. 2:59 p.m., juvenile offenses were reported on Sawtelle Road. 4:46 p.m., theft was reported on High Street. IN PITTSFIELD, Friday at 1:43 p.m., mischief was reported on Webb Road. IN SKOWHEGAN, Friday at 2:38 p.m., a scam was reported on Harveys Park. 9:10 p.m., a domestic disturbance was reported on West Front Street. 11:07 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Waterville Road. Saturday at 4:14 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Canaan Road. IN SOLON, Friday at 11:29 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Ferry Street. IN WATERVILLE, Friday at 11:42 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Swan Street. 12:52 p.m., shoplifting was reported at Wal-Mart in Waterville Commons. 1:01 p.m., criminal mischief was reported on Gold Street. 1:54 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Edwards and Ticonic streets. 1:57 p.m., theft was reported at The Big Apple store on Main Street. 5:55 p.m., theft was reported on Chaplin Street. 7:45 p.m., an unwanted person was reported on Veteran Court. 9:14 p.m., a domestic dispute was reported on College Avenue. 10 p.m., a protection order violation was reported on Elm Street. 11:06 p.m., criminal mischief was reported on Water Street. IN WILTON, Friday at 3:32 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Pratt Road. IN WINSLOW, Friday at 3:06 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Bellevue Street. 3:50 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Bassett Road. 4:23 p.m., harassing calls were reported on Whitefish Road. 9:11 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on China Road. ARRESTS IN FRANKLIN COUNTY, Friday, Jennifer Malohisky, 32, of Rangeley, was arrested on a warrant. Arnold Merrow, 61, of Livermore, was arrested on charges of operating a vehicle after suspension and operating under the influence Saturday, Jesse Robbins, 29, of Kingfield, was arrested on a warrant. IN SOMERSET COUNTY, Friday at 12:41 p.m., Elizabeth D. Berry, 36, of Skowhegan, was arrested on a warrant for failure to appear. 5:27 p.m., Danielle M. Knight, 27, of Troy, was arrested on probation hold. 5:31 p.m., Wade Allen Washburn, 48, of Hartland, was arrested on probation hold. 5:34 p.m., Chadwick Wilson Bragg, 23, of Dixmont, was arrested on two warrants for failure to appear. 7:32 p.m., James David Homan, 51, of Attleboro, Massachusetts, was arrested on a charge of operating a vehicle under the influence. 9:53 p.m., Page Steven Antone, 47, of Skowhegan, was arrested on a charge of domestic violence assault. Saturday at 5:32 a.m., Rose Marie Horan, 35, of Skowhegan, was arrested on charges of possession of a schedule W drug, drug paraphernalia, and 11 or more hypodermic needles, as well as violating conditions of release. IN WINSLOW, Friday at 11:59 p.m., Jessica Lea Prejs, 21, of Waterville, was arrested on a charge of operating a vehicle while under the influence of alcohol. SUMMONSES IN FAIRFIELD, Thursday at 7:35 p.m., Justice R. Ripley, 27, of Sidney, was summoned on a charge of operating a vehicle without a license. IN WATERVILLE, Friday at 12:52 p.m., Mark Farino, 47, of Canaan, was summoned on a charge of shoplifting. 7:24 p.m., Brody A. Dunn, 27, of Waterville, was summoned on a charge of operating a vehicle with an expired license. IN WINSLOW, Friday at 12:19 p.m., Peter Aldis Laplant, 40, of Ellsworth, was summoned on a charge of operating a vehicle with an expired license. Share Read or Post Comments Send questions/comments to the editors. Want the news vital to Maine? Our daily headlines email is delivered to your inbox each morning. Sign up by entering your email address below. Email* Newsletter Choices* Daily Headlines Breaking News High School Sports * I understand the Terms of Service. This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. Recent Read Shared Protesters face off in Oregon in wake of anti-Muslim tirade that led to 2 killings Islamic State group claims responsibility for deadly London attack Jimmie Johnson extends Dover track record with 11th victory Benintendi belts 2 homers to power Sox past Orioles Pending budget, Maine attorneys are defending the poor for free Augusta City Center closes after angry man unleashes 100 live bedbugs One person dies after Kennedy Memorial Drive crash that sent three to hospital Skowhegan police investigating discovery of body in woods Woman killed, 2 others severely injured in crash on Route 27 in Dresden Police identify man who died in Oakland crash Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret YMCA day care sued after asking mom to breastfeed out of boys’ sight Eagle sickened after feeding on dead animal Feedback from Hallowell residents key to Fire Department vote Augusta City Center closes after angry man unleashes 100 live bedbugs Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
Channels  Music  Style  Pop Culture  Sports  Sneakers  Life  Videos  Shop  Shuffle  Hustle  ComplexCon More from Complex  GO90  Rated Red  First We Feast  Pigeons & Planes  Collider  Sole Collector  Green Label  Ride Channel SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Life Life 2 Fatally Stabbed After Attempting to Stop Man's Anti-Muslim Rant on Portland Train Share Tweet Video via Complex News 2 Fatally Stabbed After Attempting to Stop Man's Anti-Muslim Rant on Portland Train By Omar Burgess May 27, 2017 Share Tweet Jeremy Joseph Christian has been arrested on charges of suspicion of aggravated murder and attempted murder for his alleged involvement in fatally stabbing two men who attempted to stop him from screaming anti-Muslim comments at fellow passengers on Portland’s MAX light rail train.  The incident happened Friday at approximately 4:30 p.m. near Portland’s Hollywood District. According to authorities, Christian began yelling ethnic and religious slurs at two women—one of which was wearing a traditional Muslim hijab head covering. “In the midst of his ranting and raving, some people approached [Christian] and appeared to try to intervene with his behavior and some of the people that he was yelling at,” Portland police spokesman Pete Simpson said during a news conference, which you can see below courtesy of The Oregonian. “They were attacked viciously by the suspect.” According to a report by the Willamette Week, both victims sustained injuries to the throat. One eyewitness said Christian told the women, “Get off the bus, and get out of the country because you don’t pay taxes here.” The women are believed to have left the scene without sustaining any injuries. The killings are the latest in a series of xenophobic standoffs that have recently gone viral. An Arkansas woman was banned from Walmart stores after her racist rant calling one fellow shopper a racial slur and yelling for another to “go back to Mexico” went viral earlier this week. A similar incident was filmed in Reno, Nevada, as a man directed racist remarks at another man for speaking Spanish to his mother while on the phone. In November of 2016, the Pew Research Center released data concluding anti-Muslim assaults reached its highest levels since September 11, 2001. In the following months, President Trump reiterated a campaign promise to build a $10 billion wall dividing the U.S. and Mexico in efforts he and his administration believed would quell illegal immigration. Thursday, a federal appeals court rejected a revised version of Trump’s travel ban, which called to severely limit travel to the United States from six primarily Muslim nations. Critics have pointed to a direct link between post-election violence, xenophobic attitudes, and Trump’s stance on the proposed border wall and travel ban, while citing Trump’s perceived inaction on denouncing such behavior. "Our thoughts are with the Muslim community," Simpson said. "As something like this happens, this only instills fear in that community. We have already reached out previous to this incident to our Muslim community partners and the different imams about extra patrol during Ramadan. We want to reassure them that that will continue." Show Video Transcript Transcript For Complex News, I'm Hanuman Welch. Two men were stabbed to death Friday on a light-rail train in Portland, Oregon, after they tried to intervene as a man yelled hate speech at two women who appeared to be Muslim, according to Police.  Jeremy Joseph Christian has been arrested on charges of suspicion of aggravated murder and attempted murder for his alleged involvement in fatally stabbing two men who attempted to stop him from screaming anti-Muslim comments at fellow passengers on Portland’s MAX light rail train According to Portland police spokesman Pete Simpson,  “In the midst of his ranting and raving, some people approached [Christian] and appeared to try to intervene with his behavior and some of the people that he was yelling at. They were attacked viciously by the suspect.” A third passenger who tried to intervene was also stabbed but is expected to survive. Christian was a known white supremacist who had previously shown up to extreme-right marches and performed Nazi salutes.  His posts on Facebook, were often violently Islamophobic and anti-Semitic. Christian has a long criminal record.  In 2002, he pled guilty and was sent to prison for robbery, kidnapping, and possession of a dangerous weapon. In 2010, he was accused of theft and being a felon in possession of a firearm. That case was later dismissed. Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler released a statement on Facebook reading,  Two men lost their lives and another was injured for doing the right thing, standing up for people they didn't know against hatred. Their actions were brave and selfless, and should serve as an example and inspiration to us all. They are heroes.  There is too much hatred in our world right now, and far too much violence. Too much of it has arrived here in Portland.  My heart goes out to the families of those who lost their lives, and to those who witnessed what happened. Thank you to our first responders, who provided aid, and police who captured the suspected killer.  Now is the time, we must come together as a community and love one another. We must reject hatred and violence. We must seek justice. That's all for now, we'll have more on this story as it develops, for everything else subscribe to Complex on Youtube, for Complex News, I'm Hanuman Welch. Tags: News, Videos, Portland, Complex Video, Muslim, Muslim Ban  Like  Follow  Chat Show Comments Lateststories Life Vladimir Putin Says the U.S. Meddles in Elections From All Over the World on ‘Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly’ By Jose Martinez 1 hour ago Life Reporter Gets Roasted on Twitter for Accusing Rep. Maxine Waters of 'Shoving' Him By Kyle Neubeck 3 hours ago Life London Mayor Sadiq Khan Says He Has 'More Important Things to Do' Than Listen to Donald Trump By Kyle Neubeck 5 hours ago Life Mexican Lawyer Trademarks Trump-Branded Toilet Paper By Omar Burgess 7 hours ago Music Biographer Claims Saddam Hussein was a Mary J. Blige Fan By Omar Burgess 9 hours ago Life 7 Dead in London Bridge Incident; Police Gun Down 3 Suspected Attackers (UPDATE) By Kyle Neubeck Jun 3, 2017 Music Why Rich Homie Quan's Possible 30-Year Sentence Isn't Uncommon By Shawn Setaro Jun 3, 2017 Life Papa John's Employees in Washington Arrested for Selling Cocaine By Jose Martinez Jun 3, 2017 Life Drug Dealer Shows Off Money on Facebook Live Seconds Before His Trap House Gets Raided By Gavin Evans Jun 2, 2017 Life Silicon Valley Exec Faces Backlash After Appearing to Yell at Rihanna in Last Night's NBA Finals Game By Trace Cowen Jun 2, 2017 More Stories NowTrending SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Contact UsTerms of Use CareersPrivacy Policy AdvertiseSite Map FeedsPersonalization MusicStyle Pop CultureSports SneakersLife © Complex Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Weather subscribe Site Site Archive 'From the flying to the crawling:' Fin N Fur II offers one-stop pet shopping (with photo gallery) Saturday May 27, 2017 at 12:01 AM Jessica Weston City Editor Jessica_Weston9 Fin N Fur II is definitely a kid-friendly pet store. This point was made obvious during the store's grand opening Friday. Young people filled the store, checking out the animals and having their faces painted at a special station in the corner. Supervised by adults, they stared at scorpions and held guinea pigs. Some of the braver ones handled snakes, while everyone seemed to want to pet the adorable Netherland Dwarf rabbits. Also on sale were scorpions, tarantulas, geckos, lizards, turtles and even hermit crabs. “We sell everything from the flying to the crawling,” said owner Kindi Wheeler with a laugh. The store also carries birds, according to the other half of the ownership pair, Kindi's husband Paul Wheeler. “I love birds,” he said, adding that the store carries lovebirds, Parakeets, Conures (a type of small parrot) and Cockatiels. “One of the things we are most proud of is hand-feeding the birds that we sell, with the exception of the Parakeets,” he explained. “The Cockatiels and Conures are all hand-fed, they are used to people, they want to be on your shoulder. They want affection from you.” Also available in abundance are fish. This makes sense, given the pair got their start with a backyard Koi pond business years ago. “About 15 years ago, we had a pond business in our backyard,” Paul Wheeler said. “We sold lots of pond supplies and lots of Koi fish and we really enjoyed it.” “It started with fish,” he said. “We know fish, it's what we know best,” Kindi Wheeler added. “It is a passion for both of us." When that business closed, they eventually decided to open Fin N Fur II. “We always wanted to have a little fish store,” he said. The purchase of some fish tanks when the old Walmart closed led to an expanded vision and Fin N Fur II was born. “It blossomed into this,” Paul Wheeler said. He added with a laugh that Kindi knows more about pets than he does. “My wife is much more knowledgeable than I am. So I am nice to people and I ask her questions,” he said with a laugh. “Growing up I always had pets,” Kindi Wheeler agreed. “My father would bring home raccoons! He taught us a lot when we were kids about all our animals.” As luck would have it, customer Kelly Wilson walked up during this part of the conversation. Wilson said she purchased Koi pond supplies from the couple at their former business and was shopping Friday for water lilies for her pond. She spoke enthusiastically about the pond, which she described as a oasis of peace and tranquility for her. The store held a soft opening a couple of months back, and the owners have already gained a reputation for wanting to help customers be good, responsible pet owners. They walk potential pet owners through  the process and make sure they are ready to take on the responsibility. They have even been known to discourage ownership of certain pets, if they feel the new animal would not fit in with the pre-existing household. The Netherland Dwarf rabbits for example are completely house trainable. A free-roaming rabbit, however, is obviously a no-no in a house with a cat. Not all pets fit in with all families, Paul Wheeler said. When the Wheelers set a family up with a pet, they make sure they are ready to go when they leave the store. “We want them to have everything they need,” Paul Wheeler said. “And be educated, making sure it’s going to fit in with your home and with your family,” Kindi Wheeler added. “If you don't have a cage, we will set that cage up for you. From the bedding to the food, before you leave, we will make sure you understand how to care for the pet.” One thing you won't find at Fin N Fur II is cats and dogs. “We don't do anything dog and cat,” said Kindi Wheeler. “We specialize more in exotic pets.” Fin N Fur II is open 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Wednesday through Friday. Saturday the store closes at 5 p.m. Check the store for new pets Wednesdays. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile E-Edition RSS Feeds Contact Us Advertise With Us Market Place Classifieds Shopping Mall Community Info Ridgecrest Chamber of Commerce City of Ridgecrest Ridgecrest Area Convention and Visitors Bureau Sister Publications The Gridley Herald Taft Midway Driller Siskiyou Daily News Rocketeer2.com Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Ridgecrest Daily Independent - Ridgecrest, CA ~ 224 E. Ridgecrest Blvd., Ridgecrest, CA 93556 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Police & Fire State News Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports High School Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Life Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obits Special Sections 2017 Memorial Day 2017 Salute Nurses 2017 Create An Ad The Presidency Apr 2017 East Kern 2017 Lifestyles 2017 Bracket Buster 2017 Home Show 2017 Medical How to 2017 How To Guide 2017 IWVEOC Program 2017 Baby Keepsake 2017 More Grads 2017 Grad Keepsake Jan 2017 East Kern Pearl Harbor Tab Pearl Harbor - Local Small Business Sat Xmas Lights Contest Paint It Pink Tab Red Ribbon Tab 2016 Veteran's Day 2016 Paws & Claws Remembering 9-11 2016 Back to School 2016 East Kern II 2016 East Kern IV RACVB Guide Map 2016 Green Earth 2016 HD Med Directory More Photos Videos Weather Blogs Calendar Contests Branded Content 2016 Perspective Your news Legal Notices Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Marketplace Propel Marketing Services Advertise With Us Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
CLOSE ADVERTISEMENT US News All US News U.S. State News Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming News Forums Not a Topix user yet? Sign Up Forgot Your Password? Back to login Sections All Topix Top Stories Forums User Forums Business Tech Sports Entertainment US News Weird News Offbeat Stars! Topix › US News › Barack Obama charms golfing crowds du... Barack Obama charms golfing crowds during round at St Andrews There are 21 comments on the Braintree and Witham Times story from Friday May 26, titled Barack Obama charms golfing crowds during round at St Andrews. In it, Braintree and Witham Times reports that: Former US president Barack Obama has teed off his first visit to Scotland with a round of golf in St Andrews. He is expected to speak to business leaders in Edinburgh later on Friday when he gives a speech for The Hunter Foundation. Join the discussion below, or Read more at Braintree and Witham Times. Leave a Comment Track Replies Comments 1 - 20 of 21 Comments Last updated Sunday May 28 First Prev of 2 Next Last CodeTalker “Watching The Children Rant” Since: Feb 17 2,259 Location hidden Please wait... #1 Friday May 26 Ah yes, back to his old tricks. Vacation vacation vacation. Then speech speech speech. Judged: 3 3 3 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Boorish Businessman Beverly, MA #2 Friday May 26 CodeTalker wrote: Ah yes, back to his old tricks. Vacation vacation vacation. Then speech speech speech. Jealous Much? You can be sure that when Trump is done being president, he will not get a warm welcome from Europe. He will have to travel to the Philippines where he and Duarte can Enjoy some locker room talk. Judged: 2 2 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! spocko Oakland, CA #3 Friday May 26 CodeTalker wrote: Ah yes, back to his old tricks. Vacation vacation vacation. Then speech speech speech. Oh yes our village idiot made out of his cage just in time to add his daily super stupid comment :-/ Judged: 1 1 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! anonymous New York, NY #4 Friday May 26 This really isn't national news. Tell us about the jobs. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Red Crosse Wilmington, IL #5 Friday May 26 No, no. We need to know where this guy is at all times. He is so sneaky. Keep him golfing. Judged: 1 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Retribution Philadelphia, PA #6 Friday May 26 CodeTalker wrote: Ah yes, back to his old tricks. Vacation vacation vacation. Then speech speech speech. And Obama, as he leisurely cruise's the globe still doesn't get as many tees in as Loser Donald Trump has in less than 125 days. Judged: 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Retribution Philadelphia, PA #7 Friday May 26 anonymous wrote: This really isn't national news. Tell us about the jobs. Carrier Air Conditioning announced the coming Layoffs of 600 at the Indiana plan Mike Pence committed $7 million dollars in state tax cuts to for retraining 700 manufacturering jobs there in Indiana That's at the factor used as the Donald Trump Pony Show during his campaign Judged: 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! RustyS Since: Mar 09 11,314 The Left Coast Please wait... #8 Friday May 26 He's like a rock star, well a rap star anyway. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Lawrence Wolf “Happiness comes through giving” Since: Feb 08 77,629 Location hidden Please wait... #9 Friday May 26 anonymous wrote: This really isn't national news. Tell us about the jobs. Well, I was one of eight boys. Pappy took us west in '88, where I found work as an outlaw. Like I told the judge, that feller never should have dealt that fifth ace. Now where's that dang spittoon? Judged: 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! American_Infidel “DONT BELIEVE FAKE RUSSIA” Since: Mar 09 31,084 CONSPIRACIES BY FAKE NEWS! Please wait... #10 Friday May 26 He should be good at it... he's had 8 years of practice at the most expensive golf courses on the taxpayer's dime Judged: 1 1 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! a_visitor Reading, PA #11 Friday May 26 CodeTalker wrote: Ah yes, back to his old tricks. Vacation vacation vacation. Then speech speech speech. All polititians take vacations on the tax dollars dime. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Cordwainer Trout Sonora, KY #12 Friday May 26 He'll self-destruct worse than as a President. He might follow in his son's footsteps by stalking and attacking a community watch fellow, or he might prance around a Walmart with a realistic AK47 BB gun challenging all the White people to call the Man. Whatever he chooses, a squealing feminine high kick won's save him from the inevitable. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! CodeTalker “Watching The Children Rant” Since: Feb 17 2,259 Location hidden Please wait... #13 Saturday May 27 Boorish Businessman wrote: <quoted text> Jealous Much? You can be sure that when Trump is done being president, he will not get a warm welcome from Europe. He will have to travel to the Philippines where he and Duarte can Enjoy some locker room talk. Warm welcome, you mean from children and teenagers. What a hoot you are. Notice the close panning of the photos where you could not see the crowd size. Typical of Barry and Hillary. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Retribution Philadelphia, PA #14 Saturday May 27 CodeTalker wrote: <quoted text>Warm welcome, you mean from children and teenagers. What a hoot you are. Notice the close panning of the photos where you could not see the crowd size. Typical of Barry and Hillary. You could determine which American was more popular from the reception Trump received in Belgium with the protest against his presence in Belgium and Barack Obama's reception in Germany and the German people flocking to the gates to see, listen to and welcome Barack Obama to Germany. LOL, you'd better go back to chasing Seth Rich ghost Judged: 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Retribution Philadelphia, PA #15 Saturday May 27 CodeTalker wrote: <quoted text>Warm welcome, you mean from children and teenagers. What a hoot you are. Notice the close panning of the photos where you could not see the crowd size. Typical of Barry and Hillary. If the Germany and Belgium receptions aren't enough evidence, have Loser Donald Trump stop over in Ireland where Barack Obama is this morning playing a round of golf and chance allowing the Irish to determine who is more popular and welcomed. Judged: 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Retribution Philadelphia, PA #16 Saturday May 27 American_Infidel wrote: He should be good at it... he's had 8 years of practice at the most expensive golf courses on the taxpayer's dime In 8 years Obama's golf expenses pale in comparison to the first 100 days of Trump's golf excursions on the public's dime. Judged: 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! CodeTalker “Watching The Children Rant” Since: Feb 17 2,259 Location hidden Please wait... #19 Saturday May 27 Retribution wrote: <quoted text> You could determine which American was more popular from the reception Trump received in Belgium with the protest against his presence in Belgium and Barack Obama's reception in Germany and the German people flocking to the gates to see, listen to and welcome Barack Obama to Germany. LOL, you'd better go back to chasing Seth Rich ghost More children turnip. I'll send the truck around to pick you up again. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! CodeTalker “Watching The Children Rant” Since: Feb 17 2,259 Location hidden Please wait... #20 Saturday May 27 Retribution wrote: <quoted text> In 8 years Obama's golf expenses pale in comparison to the first 100 days of Trump's golf excursions on the public's dime. Another lie you can not prove. Next. Cue name change. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! CodeTalker “Watching The Children Rant” Since: Feb 17 2,259 Location hidden Please wait... #21 Saturday May 27 Retribution wrote: <quoted text> You could determine which American was more popular from the reception Trump received in Belgium with the protest against his presence in Belgium and Barack Obama's reception in Germany and the German people flocking to the gates to see, listen to and welcome Barack Obama to Germany. LOL, you'd better go back to chasing Seth Rich ghost Seth's ghost is busy right now asking which liberal shot him in the back for the Clinton Crime Family. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! anonymous San Francisco, CA #23 Saturday May 27 Retribution wrote: <quoted text> Carrier Air Conditioning announced the coming Layoffs of 600 at the Indiana plan Mike Pence committed $7 million dollars in state tax cuts to for retraining 700 manufacturering jobs there in Indiana That's at the factor used as the Donald Trump Pony Show during his campaign I know. It's not enough. Not even slightly. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Tell me when this thread is updated: Subscribe Now Add to my Tracker First Prev of 2 Next Last Add your comments below Enter Comments Characters left: 4000 You are currently logged in as . Not ? Enter Username Enter Numbers Please note by submitting this form you acknowledge that you have read the Terms of Service and the comment you are posting is in compliance with such terms. Be polite. Inappropriate posts may be removed by the moderator. Send us your feedback. US News Discussions Title Updated Last By Comments 'Fox News Sunday' to Host Kentucky Senate Debate (Oct '10) 1 min Jay 271,578 Texas House floor fracas: Was Rinaldia s ICE ca... 2 min Cordwainer Trout 2 Trump may not block Comey testimony at key publ... 2 min TRUMP 45 2 Plurality of Americans think Trump is failing 4 min bad bob 3,518 What would Jesus say about same-sex marriage? (Jul '15) 4 min Pilots Nail Drivi... 6,399 Barack Obama, our next President (Nov '08) 15 min RiccardoFire 1,539,395 What happens when undocumented people commita 17 min Quirky 3 Kathy Griffin 38 min californio 339 Trump Paris decision 47 min Retribution 201 Why don't Christian conservatives worry about c... 1 hr Born in the USA 90 See all US News Discussions Find what you want! Search US News Forum Now Trending Now Syria Boston Marathon North Korea Supreme Court Health Care China Microsoft Climate Change Tiger Woods U.S. Open US News News US News Trump may not block Comey testimony at key publ... Trump blasts London mayor and 'politicial corre... In Georgia, a Democratic upset depends on a bal... Late in life, sex assault trial caps Cosby's li... The Latest: 1 arrested in tourist's death in Sa... Official fired after Marine recruit's death fac... Prosecutors want judge to deny Schock dismissal... Woman found dead after 'blood-drenched dog' spo... Jo Cox death like grenade going off murdered MP... GOP legislative agenda incomplete, lags as Cong... American Airlines plane veers off Texas runway,... Farmers decry Trump plans to cut agriculture su... More US News News from Topix » More from around the web   Baltimore, MD News Forums & Polls Real-Time News Crime Dating Jobs Local Politics Obituaries Real Estate Yellow Pages Explore More Topix US News US Cities List World News World Countries List Celebrities Business Finance Autos Sports Sci-Tech Electronics Entertainment Movies Music Television Health Arts & Life Food Travel Site Map / All Topics About Topix RSS Newsfeeds Law Enforcement School Officials About Us Jobs FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Report Abuse? Feedback? Comments made yesterday: 20,372 • Total comments across all topics: 281,521,177 Copyright © 2017 Topix LLC • Flag inappropriate postPost has been flagged for review • Send feedback • Cancel Change location Baltimore, MD Enter city, state or zip International users, click here. Be in the know! Notify me when there are new discussions. Thanks for your comment! Enter your email to get updates on this discussion. Don't show me this message again today. Thanks for kicking off the conversation! Enter your email to get updates when people reply. Thanks for your comment! Share your thoughts with the world Share on Facebook Now Don't show me this message again today.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman New Super Deal announces wide range of discounts in various clothes and accessories New Super Deal provides exciting discounts for different products from different fields. These products include clothes, shoes, jewelries and much more. Discounts have been an integral part of various online shopping stores. Buyers are always interested in products that come under their budget. It is important to buy quality products that can be bought at cost effective prices. There are various online stores that have come up with interesting features in order to provide exiting discounts to the buyers. One of the online stores that have been providing exciting deals to the online buyers is New Super Deal. There have been times when the products have come at a higher discount of 80% to 85%. It is always interesting to get a super deal like this one from an online platform like New Super Deal. Most of the products include clothes and accessories. It is important to have a proper research on the website in order to stay aware that the buyer gets what he or she wants. Buyers can also checkout the experience of previous buyers and make a smart purchase. Research helps the customers stay aware of the modern developments and helps them in getting the products in their budgets. New deals are continuously added on the platform and it is important for the buyers to keep a track of the website. New buyers can also subscribe with the website in order to get regular updates on the latest discounts being added by the company. The discounts are not only limited to clothes and apparels as the tech enthusiast can also expect to get branded gadgets at cost effective prices. Gadgets and technological products are being bought on a daily basis and buyers are always on the look out to get interesting discounts on their smartphones or other gadgets. New Super Deal provides some of the Best Deals Online. There are coupon codes available online and the buyers can make a search based on their requirements. The website mainly has two sections that include deals and coupons. When it comes to deals buyers can expect to get new deals on a daily basis. The deals are associated with some of the best platforms around the world including Amazon, eBay, Walmart, Macy’s, etc. Getting branded products from these online platforms can be really advantageous. Once the buyers select the product that they want they will get a coupon code and they can use that to go through the transaction. The Deal of the Day provides attractive discounts to the buyers on some of the best brands. The discounts start from 20% and they can go as high as 80%. There is no limitation to any specific field and the products from all the fields are included in this online store. About New Super Deal: New Super Deal is an online platform that has been providing exciting discount offers to various customers around the world. To know more about them one can visit the abovementioned website.  Media Contact Company Name: New Super Deal Team Contact Person: Zak Email: zheng.fee@gmail.com Phone: +86 15880073207 Country: China Website: http://www.newsuperdeal.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Marketing & Sales, Retail, Shopping & Deal, Society & Culture Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Red fire danger warning Next PostNext Global Diffractive Optical Elements Market Analysis & Forecast Report 2017 Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST) Stock Is the Best of a Bad Breed In the wake of Q3 earnings, Costco stock is neither cheap nor invincible, but the retailer is showing what can happen when you do things right By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  May 26, 2017, 4:21 pm EDT     View All   Popular Posts: 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June Buy Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock on Any Good-Sized Dip Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Hits $1,000. Now Watch This Number. Recent Posts: Why Pinnacle Foods Inc (PF), RH (RH) and Marathon Oil Corporation (MRO) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks Why Express, Inc. (EXPR), Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June View All Posts Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ:COST) at least partially redeemed the reeling retailing industry on Friday. With the echoes of disappointing first-quarter earnings reports from Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE:LOW), Chico’s FAS, Inc. (NYSE:CHS) and Tiffany & Co. (NYSE:TIF) still ringing, Costco stock managed to put up a healthy gain on the back of Thursday evening’s release of its fiscal third-quarter numbers. Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr (Modified) Not only did earnings roll in better than expected, same-store sales grew at an almost-heroic pace. How was Costco able to do what so many of its peers haven’t been able to do? And, perhaps more important to current and would-be owners of COST stock, can the retailer continue its fruitful growth? The answer to the first question is, it just strikes the right cord with consumers … one of the few retailers to find a balance between value, customer-experience and convenience. As for the second question, yes, Costco stock can remain protected by its surprisingly wide moat. Costco’s Q3 Earnings For the quarter ending in early May, Costco earned $1.59 per share — or $1.40 per share on an operating basis — on revenue of $28.22 billion. While the top line missed expectations of $28.6 billion, it was still up 8% on a year-over-year basis. Profits rolled in better than the year-ago bottom line of $1.24 per share of COST, and handily beat analyst estimates of $1.30 per share. Most impressive of all, though, was the 5% increase in same-store sales versus estimates of only 3.7% growth. It’s a ray of hope from an otherwise-gloomy retail environment, with rival Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) being one of the few exceptions. Last quarter, Walmart topped its earnings estimates, and even mustered much-needed same store sales growth of 1.4%. Still, Costco’s results were decidedly better than its peers. What gives? The Same, But Different At first glance, Costco stock more or less looks like Walmart or Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) in that all three sell basic goods and staples. Yes, Costco charges an annual membership fee, but it’s widely understand as the way it can (though not that it always does) offer lower prices. What’s noteworthy about Costco, however, is how much of its profits — not revenue, but profits — stems from those membership fees. Last year, they accounted for 72% of the company’s bottom line, and that’s not apt to change in the foreseeable future considering more than 90% of its members renewed their membership last quarter. In that light, Costco isn’t a retailer in the business of selling merchandise. It’s in the subscription business, selling access lower-cost shopping choices. Consumers are savvy, nevertheless. If what was happening in its stores paled in comparison to the customer experience delivered by Target and Walmart, Costco couldn’t remain in the subscription business very long. In that regard, Costco still does retailing right. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/costco-wholesale-corporation-cost-stock-is-the-best-of-a-bad-breed/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks to Buy and Hold for the Next 5 Years 7 Dividend Stock Picks That Make the Grade 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High WWDC: 10 Biggest Apple Reveals Ever 10 High-Tech Gifts Dad Will Love ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High 4 Coal Stocks That Are in Danger, With or Without Trump Most Popular 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 7 Stocks to Buy That Wall Street Got Dead Wrong 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 10 Boring Stocks to Buy for Red-Hot Returns Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to content comics cosplay tv/film games Submit tip Contact CGC Insider Search for: Home > Games > Spider-Man: Homecoming Spidey Suit Drone Is Coming To Skies Near You Spider-Man: Homecoming Spidey Suit Drone Is Coming To Skies Near You Posted by Jeremy Konrad May 28, 2017 Comment One of the more intriguing parts of the new Spidey suit in the upcoming Spider-Man: Homecoming film is the fact that he can pop off the symbol on the front of the suit and use it as a drone to see his surroundings. Like, say, a spider-sense… Anyway, classic Spidey fan in me aside, it does look nifty. And since they’re really hammering home the “Tony Stark as a mentor” thing in this one, it makes sense for them to include such a thing. And since drones are all the rage now, of course you can purchase one of your very own! The Skyrocket Toys official Spider-Drone will come in two different versions. Here are the features: Front & Back LED Lights: Illuminate Spider-Drone’s spectacular design, even in low-light situations, slicing through the night with front and back LED lights. Dual Flight Modes: Choose between Auto and Manual flight modes. Auto Mode supports hands-free altitude hold. The controller’s intuitive thumb sticks allow smooth forward, backward and sideways movement. Adjustable Flight Sensitivity: Find the controller sensitivity that matches your piloting skills and experience. Auto Launch and Land: Launch Spider-Drone into an aerial hover with the touch of a single button. Press the button again for a quick and smooth landing. Voice Feedback Controller: Show off the Voice Feedback Controller feature, which guides your flight with phrases from the movie. Direct Drive Motors: Spider-Drone’s direct drive motors have high torque and low inertia, which means faster, more precise positioning. Adjustable Wide-Angle Lens: Perfect your wide-angle view – available only on the Streaming Video Spider-Drone. Quick-Swap Battery (included): Spend less time tinkering and more time flying. Once a battery is depleted, easily replace it with a fully charged Quick-Swap Battery (sold separately). The $89.99 version will be available first at Walmart starting June 4th, while the $149.99 version with video components will be exclusive to Toys R Us starting July 1st. Full specs for the regular edition: Front and back LED lights Dual flight modes Auto launch and land Adjustable flight sensitivity Direct drive motors Voice Feedback Controller Width: 7.5” Length: 2.5” Removable Lithium-ion Polymer (LiPo) battery Ages 12+, SRP $89.99 And for the TRU-exclusive Streaming Drone: Stream and record high-definition video Adjustable wide-angle lens Micro SD card memory expansion slot (up to 32 GB, card not included) Front and back LED lights Direct drive motors Dual flight modes Auto launch and land Adjustable flight sensitivity Voice feedback controller Width: 7.5” Length: 2.5” Removable Lithium-ion Polymer (LiPo) battery Ages 12+, SRP $149.99 (Last Updated May 28, 2017 5:30 pm ) Further Reading Spider-Man: Homecoming Shocker Figure From Hasbro Gives Us A Good Look At Full Costume Luke Cage Season 2 Will Explore Cage's Very Public Identity Marvel's Secret Wars Cartoon Will Premiere June 17 On Disney XD Spider-Man Spin-Off 'Silver And Black' Finds A Director 'Spider-Man: Homecoming' NBA Finals TV Spot Two Trailers And Two Posters For 'Spider-Man: Homecoming' Bionik’s Xbox One Quickshot Trigger Lock Grips Live Up To The Hype Colin Furze Shows Off His Latest Invention: The Game Console Microwave About the Author Latest Posts Contact About Jeremy Konrad Jeremy Konrad loves Star Wars and collecting action figures and collectibles. He also watches wrestling, maybe more than Jude Terror. Follow him on Twitter @jeremyohio Today In Pop Culture For June 4: Minecraft, Sex Pistols, Sandy Kofax, Wrath Of Khan, Gorilla Monsoon, And More! - June 4, 2017 NECA Alien Figure Exclusive For SDCC 2017 Is Totally Awesome. Cowabunga! - June 3, 2017 Today In Pop Culture For June 3: Big, Casey At The Bat, Elder Scrolls, Cerebus, TNA, Star Tours, And More! - June 3, 2017 Hasbro Has A Slew Of New Transformers: The Last Knight Robots Coming - June 2, 2017 Today In Pop Culture For June 2: Dead Poets Society, Babe Ruth, Honky Tonk Man, Tekken 7, National Donut Day, And More! - June 2, 2017View All Posts Contact Author Name First Last Email* Your Message Author Name Author Email Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Comments Recently Commented A Few Marvel Creators Acknowledge The Incredible Amazon Kindle Deals On Their Comics 3m Fixing The Wonder Woman Costume (UPDATED) 7m The Amazons In ‘Wonder Woman’ Could Kick Your Ass In Real Life 24m EW Quietly Confirms ‘Jessica Jones’, ‘Daredevil’, And ‘Luke Cage’ For 2018 31m Representation Matters: Chief From ‘Wonder Woman’ Is Awesome 1h Following 2016 Troubles, Wizard World Posts Big 2017 Q1 Loss Latest Trailer For Preacher’s Season 2: A Road Trip To Find God Massive Marvel Amazon Glitchwatch: Kindle Collections Up To 90% Off – Guardians, X-Men, Spider-Man, Black Panther, Avengers, Squirrel Girl And More Rainbow Rowell And Kris Anka To Bring Back Runaways (And Gert) At Marvel In September [UPDATED] First Trailer For ‘Murder On The Orient Express’ Arrives The 14 Free Comic Book Day 2017 Comics That Retailers Can Still Order ‘Kerbal Space Program’ Now In The Hands Of ‘GTAV’ Publishers Writer’s Commentary – Erik Burnham Talks KISS: Forever GWAR’s Beefcake The Mighty Comments On Kathy Griffin/Donald Trump Controversy, Teases New Album Will DC’s Dark Nights: Metal Catch A Digital Code? comics cosplay tv/film games Forum
null
Local News Sports Living Classifieds 72° Full Menu 72° Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Business May 28, 2017 12:01 AM Colorful murals to brighten miles of floodwall By Mark Schleifstein Nola.com/The Times-Picayune LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story NEW ORLEANS A team of New Orleans artists has been given the go-ahead to paint colorful murals on the drab floodwalls along 1 1/2 miles of Tchoupitoulas Street. Most of the work is to be completed for the New Orleans tricentennial celebration in 2018. New Orleans International Muralists LLC, headed by coordinator Daniel "DeeJay" Pate and lead artist Jamar Pierre, won its last required permit from the Southeast Louisiana Flood Protection Authority-East on Thursday (May 18). It already had received permits from the Army Corps of Engineers and the state's Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority. The murals will be similar to an original artwork titled "Resilience" by Pierre. That piece includes images based on New Orleans' history, music and culture, including Mardi Gras Indians, jazz musicians, riverboats and the city's architectural features. The group "wants to integrate all that speaks to the soul of new Orleans: music, second lines, social clubs, historical figures, traveling along the river, shipping and receiving, historical events, legal and governmental proceedings, the Native Americans and Mardi Gras Indians," says a mural project description provided to levee authority members. Pate, a Mardi Gras Indian himself, was a classroom schoolteacher in New Orleans for 10 years and also has worked as an academic adviser with the University of New Orleans' Upward Bound program. He has organized public art events, murals and private and corporate art projects for the past 16 years. Pierre's clients have included Time Warner Entertainment, Essence Magazine (including a poster for the 2007 Essence Music Festival), the cit of New Orleans and the Fore!Kids Foundation. His artwork was featured in the second season of HBO television's "Treme" series. A 70-foot mural by Pierre is on the side of St. Peter Claver Catholic School. Pate said he hopes to begin priming some of the floodwalls for painting within a few days. The hiring of as many as 10 artists for the project must wait until the group has raised at least $50,000 in donations from the public. He estimated that the entire project will cost $300,000 to $450,000. Pate has set up two ways for the public to donate, either through the mural firm's web site, or at a GoFundMe web site. Artists will start at 9th and Tchoupitoulas streets and work downriver to Jackson Avenue. Pate said that when he and Pierre began work on obtaining approvals for the murals in 2014, they estimated the project would take 18 months to complete. Pate hopes that most of the walls can still be completed within a year to meet the October 2018 date of the city's 300th birthday. The plan is to march downriver into history, with the first panels dedicated to events in the 2000s, then working back in time, Pate said. Each mural segment will cover the entire floodwall, using materials approved in advance by the Army Corps of Engineers. Floodgates will not be painted. The artists also have agreed to set aside $2,500 to $5,000 annually for maintenance costs, including removal of graffiti at least quarterly. The team hopes to extend the project downriver along an older segment of the wall, below Jackson Avenue, that contains more than 100 archway panels. Much of that work depends on whether they receive financial support from major donors such as Walmart, which is located across the street from many of the arches. In a letter to the corps, the team committed to painting the first 17 archways between Josephine Street and Jackson Avenue. "We intend to have a collective of artists do a series of famous doorways or a series of 'comic strip' style displays that peek into New Orleans' past as it relates to the Port of New Orleans and its shipping and receiving industry, plus the recreational vessels that have traveled up and down the Mississippi River over the last 300 years," the letter said. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 days ago Sprouts Farmers Market grocery opens into Raleigh 0:12 3 days ago Sprouts Farmers Market grocery opens into Raleigh 1:11 16 days ago The moment Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg got his acceptance letter to Harvard 0:16 18 days ago Cook Like No One’s Watching – 2017 IKEA Catalog View More Video Business Survey: Economists expect slower US growth Program opens chances for success for students The Latest: Turnbull says up to 4 Australians were victims Correction: Plant Explosion-Wisconsin story Terror attack on London Bridge leaves 6 dead; police shoot 3 Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Obituaries Penn State Football Sports Buy & Sell 60° Full Menu 60° Home E-Edition Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Subscribe About Us News Local Penn State Sandusky Scandal Communities Crime Business Education Politics Public Records State Nation/World Weird News Sports Sports College Golf High School MLB Motorsports NFL NHL Outdoors Penn State State College Spikes Politics Politics Elections Penn State Sports PSU Sports PSU Football PSU Basketball PSU Baseball PSU Hockey PSU Soccer PSU Volleyball PSU Wrestling Nittany Lines Blog Penn State Football Living Living Announcements Family Pages Living Here Guide Home & Garden Entertainment Entertainment Weekender Comics Games & Puzzles Celebrities Horoscopes Movie News & Reviews Music TV Opinion Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Place An Ad Tigers teammates look up at a foul ball during a game May 21 at the Teener league complex. Phoebe Sheehan psheehan@centredaily.com Tigers teammates look up at a foul ball during a game May 21 at the Teener league complex. Phoebe Sheehan psheehan@centredaily.com Community May 27, 2017 11:18 PM Centre Sluggers adult baseball league offers players another trip to the plate By Leon Valsechi lvalsechi@centredaily.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story STATE COLLEGE Every Sunday from Memorial Day weekend to Labor Day weekend, adult baseball players have a chance to hit the field in State College and continue playing the game they love, or dust off the cleats and take another swing at a fastball. The Centre Sluggers 28-years-and-over baseball league was founded in 2001. The league began with four teams, named after Major League Baseball teams, and about 60 players. As the 2017 season gets underway, the league will field eight teams and more than 120 players. The wooden bat league plays its games at the State College Teener League fields located off West College avenue, and attracts players from as far as Bedford. The nine-inning games are umpired by a local crew hired by the league and the rules closely resemble major league rules, with a few exceptions to promote safety. One of the league founders was the late Paul Mazza Jr., who was also the founder of the South Hills School of Business and Technology. After about a 40-year hiatus from the game, he returned to the field and played for the Yankees. In a leadership role with the league, he authored the local rules to reflect the tone of the sluggers. “We will never intentionally hurt any other player because we understand that all of us need to go to work on the morning after the game and feel good about the game we played,” Mazza wrote in the league rules. The league was originally a member of the Men’s Senior Baseball League, which is a national organization with more than 300 affiliates and about 3,000 teams. John Young, former league president and current player, said when the league began to grow, the decision was made to become an independent league, which he said is unique for an adult league. Young is an environmental scientist from Lemont during the week, but when the 65-year-old suits up in his Orioles uniform, he’s an infielder who still has pop in his bat and speed to get down the line. “Baseball is a great game and there is a lot of tradition to it,” Young said. “I think the guys like the history of the game and it brings you back to your youth a little bit.” Young’s story is similar to many players in the league. He played Little League, advanced through youth baseball and played in college and county league before taking time off and returning years later. During Young’s time as president, he played a key roll in getting a second division of the league started — the Centre Hardballers 40--and-over league. The Hardballers play Tuesday and Wednesday evenings under the lights at the Teener League fields. The games are seven innings and are played within the sluggers’ rules. They are also played with a less competitive edge, according to Young. The league president prior to Young was John Pringle. Under his leadership, the league began playing one Sunday per year at Medlar Field at Lubrano Park. For one afternoon per season, players enjoy the practice facilities and field conditions of the minor league ballpark as their families and friends experience an afternoon watching their favorite player. Jason Bickle, league president, said the Medlar experience is the highlight of the season for most players. Bickle is a 40-year-old department manager at Wal-Mart off the field, but on Sundays during the season, he suits up as an infielder and pitcher for the Diamondbacks. He ended his playing days when he was 18 years old, but after hearing about the league in 2013, he grabbed his glove and hit the field once again. Attracting players to the league is difficult, Bickle said, but during his time as president he hopes to grow both leagues and increase their visibility in the community. “I think if people come out to see our games, they’ll realize that this is a great league,” Bickle said. “And if a guy is thinking about playing, I always tell him that the league is competitive, but we truly play for love of the game.” Leon Valsechi: 814-231-4631, @leon_valsechi Andy Bennet, of the Diamondbacks, catches a ball during a game Sunday, May 21, 2017 at the Teener league complex. Phoebe Sheehan psheehan@centredaily.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a year ago State College prayer service for police officers and peace 3:01 a year ago State College prayer service for police officers and peace 4:07 a year ago Army Vet Vince Reynolds receives new patio from Heroscape 1:09 a year ago Tractor trailer fire shuts down I-80 View More Video Community Fox killed by police in Lemont thought to have rabies Share our heritage: 1953 Centre Hall basketball team Special Olympics athletes compete at Penn State for Pa. Summer Games Ferguson Township road construction projects start Monday Tait Farm Foods celebrates 30 years of shrub Community Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Site 1985-Present 1831-1950 Local business notes: Springfield Black Chamber endorses downtown casino Saturday May 27, 2017 at 1:55 PM May 27, 2017 at 7:56 PM Tim Landis Business Editor @TimLandisSJR THE SPRINGFIELD BLACK CHAMBER OF COMMERCE backs the concept of a downtown casino, though the group acknowledges odds are against the proposal in the short run. Chamber president and CEO Dominic Watson said last week the group planned to provide a letter of support to Springfield developer Chris Stone, who has been pitching the idea of a casino to state and local elected officials. Stone himself acknowledges a casino is a long shot, though Statehouse watchers know stranger things have happened in the frantic, closing days of a legislative session. Wednesday is the final day of the spring session. Stone already is involved in the gaming industry as owner of Lucy's Place video-gambling parlors. "We know it's in the early stages, but we think it's a great idea for Springfield," Watson said. The chamber has approximately 30 member businesses, he said, with young professionals also involved. Watson said support for a casino is based primarily on the potential economic benefits, including jobs, but that tax revenue also could be used to support a variety of educational and social service programs, as well as to rebuild the city infrastructure. "As of right now, we tend not to have the revenue to support all those programs throughout the community," Watson said. "It's not just the revenue, it's also the socioeconomic impact." Watson said the social costs of a casino were considered in the endorsement decision, including that low-income residents can least afford gambling and the need to support programs for gambling addiction. "We definitely discussed that," Watson said. "If everyone agreed to allocate jobs to minorities, women, disabled individuals and veterans, it would offset some of those challenges." Watson said the chamber planned to provide a letter of support in coming days. Spokesman Wayne Utterback at The Greater Springfield Chamber of Commerce said in an email that organization has not yet taken a position on the casino proposal. *** The IMAX screen at ShowPlace12 Theatre, 3141 Mercantile Drive in Springfield, is open as of this weekend. Show times and ticket prices are available online, www.AMCTheatres.com. *** Look for the former MCDONALD'S building at 1825 S. MacArthur Blvd. to go on the market in the next few weeks. The restaurant closed in January after nearly 60 years at the location. Contrary to social-media speculation in the last week, there is no indication that White Castle is interested in the site. *** ZARA'S COLLISION CENTER of Springfield has hired two graduates of the company's newly created internship program. Austin Schneib and Jacob Whitfield, both seniors at Lanphier High School, trained through the auto-body program at Capital Area Career Center, according to an announcement from Zara's. Company president Brad Zara said in the announcement Scheib would work in paint preparation and Whitfield in the collision center following graduation. Scheib has been hired full time, Zara said, while Whitfield plans to work this summer before attending barber school and Lincoln Land Community College this fall. Zara's, 3117 Wide Track Drive, is in its 31st year of business. The website is www.zarascollision.com. *** LYFT has joined UBER in the ride-sharing business in Springfield. The company now operates in more than 300 cities, according to an announcement of the Springfield launch last week. The company website is www.lyft.com. *** The site of the former GRECO SALES INC. headquarters at Ninth and Adams streets has been cleared and leveling work begun. The Springfield Mass Transit District plans to relocate its bus-transfer operations to the site later this year from the current location at Fifth Street and Capitol Avenue. *** GENHKIDS has relocated to 3171 Greenhead Drive, Suite B, according to an announcement on the organization website, genhkids.org. The not-for-profit, which promotes healthy eating and lifestyles for families, had been at 305 S. Fourth St. *** FARM CREDIT ILLINOIS has donated $5,000 to the Lincoln Land Community College Foundation to support the college agriculture program, including scholarships and events sponsored by the LLCC Ag Club, including the fall Ag Career Expo and spring Farmers' Share Luncheon. *** WALMART continues to file construction permits for grocery pickups from online orders. The latest permits are for the store at 2760 N. Dirksen Parkway. The retailer has begun rolling out the service nationwide. Walmart also has Springfield stores at 3401 Freedom Drive and 1100 Lejune Drive. Also at Building and Zoning: * HABITAT FOR HUMANITY OF SANGAMON COUNTY, 2112 Black Ave.; residential construction. * WHITE OAKS MINI STORAGE, 3881 Yucan Drive; foundation and office work. * GUILDEN'S NAILS AND SPA, 2306 Wabash Ave.; interior remodeling. * STUDIO ORGANOMIX AND QUEEN'S BOUTIQUE, 1812 S. MacArthur Blvd.; new and used consignment shop. * BUFFALO WILD WINGS, 2808 N. Dirksen Parkway; interior remodel. Ribbon cuttings at The Greater Springfield Chamber of Commerce: * FIELD OF SWEETS, Old Capitol Farmers Market, June 21. * TAIL COMMAND, pet kennel at 3120 Stanton St.; June 23. -- Contact Tim Landis: tim.landis@sj-r.com, 788-1536, twitter.com/timlandisSJR. Listen to his WUIS/SJ-R business report Tuesday afternoon and Wednesday morning on WUIS 91.9 FM, 89.3 FM and WUIS.org, or online at www.sj-r.com. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile Advertise With Us Contact Us Subscribe Place an Ad Commenting Rules Archives Marketplace Cars Homes Classifieds Newspaper Ads Garage Sale Directory Sections News State Government Sports The Voice Local Entertainment Information Social Media Directory E-edition Today's Front Page Text Alerts Calendar Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The State Journal-Register ~ Springfield, IL 62701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police, Fire, Courts State Government Local Government Education Health Health Blogs School closings Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports Illini High schools High School Football Junior Blues UIS, Local Colleges Score reporting forms Auto Racing Entertainment TV Guide Movie times Sudoku Games Calendar Life The Voice Food Restaurant Reviews Celebrations Beliefs Health Opinion Editorials Letters Bernard Schoenburg Columns How to submit a letter, column Photos The Visual Journal Send us Your Pix Business Obituaries More Videos Calendar Football Scores Salary Databases Social Media Directory Front pages Contests Branded Content Subscriber My Profile E-edition Text Alerts Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Garage Sale Directory Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications SUBSCRIBE TODAY Choose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery. Action
Sign in News Big South Fork Local News Region/State Features Obituaries Sports Oneida Outdoors Scott Opinion More Public Notices Apartments Real Estate Help Wanted Yard Sales Services Classifieds Community Calendar Church News Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search 70.4 F Oneida, TN Sign in / Join E-Edition Subscribe Advertise Blogs Eye to the Sky Editor’s Notes Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Independent Herald News AllBig South ForkLocal NewsRegion/State Local News TBI says suspect’s autopsy could take weeks to complete Local News Teacher accused of giving meth to students Big South Fork A step-by-step guide to Hurricane Ridge hike Big South Fork Hike of the week: Hurricane Ridge Features Big South Fork Big South Fork’s mysterious Chi Rho Features Coming Home: Anthony Smith to perform local concert Features Family, customer service guide Baby J’s Features Nearly 10,000 bibles later, ‘The Bible People’ are still going strong Features O&W Cafe: Oneida’s niche restaurant Obituaries Sports AllOneidaOutdoorsScott Oneida Oneida’s Dishman signs with Union College Outdoors A quick guide to snakes in the Cumberlands Scott Scott Track: Scott runners advance to sectional finals Opinion Opinion Garrett: For success-hungry Vols fans, 7.5 wins aren’t enough Opinion Garrett: Obituary tells the tale of an 87-year love story Opinion Oden: Why I picked up a shotgun after four years Opinion Garrett: Heavy rains turned Norris into a tourist sideshow Opinion Garrett: Governor’s tax hike is a good start towards good roads More Public Notices Apartments Real Estate Help Wanted Yard Sales Services Classifieds Community Calendar Church News Home News Local News Update: Suspect dead in officer-involved shooting News Local News Update: Suspect dead in officer-involved shooting By IH Staff - May 27, 2017 11990 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter A Georgia man killed in an officer-involved shooting in Oneida Saturday morning had previously interfered with law enforcement officers attempting to take him into arrest, court records show. Ron Harlan Lewallen, 30, of Dalton, Ga., was named by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation Saturday as the suspect who was killed following a pursuit that ended with shots fired and a crash of his vehicle shortly after midnight. Lewallen has a lengthy police record, with arrests in several north Georgia jurisdictions over the past several years. Among the charges, which range from shoplifting to drug possession to parole violation and felony probation violation, Lewallen was charged in November 2012 with willful obstruction of law enforcement officers in Whitfield County, Ga. Lewallen was the driver of a vehicle that was involved in a police pursuit through Oneida at around 12:30 a.m. Saturday morning. Witnesses said the pursuit began on the Four-Lane section of Alberta Street and continued south nearly 1.5 miles. According to the TBI, Lewallen stopped his vehicle near the intersection of Alberta Street and Depot Street. However, investigators said, after a female passenger exited the vehicle, Lewallen refused to comply with officers' demands and accelerated, nearly striking officers. Shots were fired into the vehicle, which crashed near First National Bank several hundred feet north. Lewallen was declared dead at the scene. The TBI's preliminary report did not indicate whether Lewallen was intentionally attempting to run down officers or attempting to flee the scene. There was also no immediate indication whether Lewallen was struck by officers' shots or whether he died of injuries sustained when his vehicle crashed. Three officers were involved from the Scott County Sheriff's Department and Oneida Police Department. Their identities have not been released, which is standard procedure in a TBI investigation of officer-involved shootings. An earlier version of the story follows . . . The suspect at the center of an officer-involved shooting died Saturday morning, according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. The TBI is handling an external investigation into the incident, which occurred at around 12:30 a.m. Saturday morning, following a pursuit that involved law enforcement officers from both the Oneida Police Department and Scott County Sheriff's Department. According to the TBI, the suspect's car crashed on Alberta Street near First National Bank, where he was declared dead. As the Independent Herald previously reported, the incident followed a police pursuit that began on the Four-Lane section of Alberta Street. The chase continued south for approximately 1.5 miles before the vehicle stopped near the intersection of Alberta Street and Depot Street. There, a female passenger was removed from the car but the male driver accelerated the vehicle, allegedly nearly striking law enforcement officers. Officers then fired shots at the vehicle, which pulled back onto Alberta Street before crashing several hundred feet away. The TBI's initial report did not reveal whether the suspect was struck by bullets from the officers' guns or whether he died from injuries sustained in the crash. All officers were said to be okay. Their identities have not been released, and the two occupants of the vehicle, including the deceased, remain unidentified. Oneida Chief of Police Darryl Laxton deferred questions to the TBI Saturday morning, saying that himself and Scott County Sheriff Ronnie Phillips will prepare a joint statement after the TBI's preliminary investigation is completed. The original story follows . . .  The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation and Tennessee Highway Patrol joined officers from both the Oneida Police Department and Scott County Sheriff's Department on the scene of what appears to be an officer-involved shooting on Alberta Street in Oneida overnight. The incident occurred shortly after midnight, just north of Alberta Street's intersection with Depot Street, near First National Bank. Several witnesses reported hearing shots fired. Another witness reported that police officers were in pursuit of a vehicle, with the chase beginning along the Four-Lane section of Alberta Street and ending with a crash near the bank about a mile and a half south, where Alberta Street was closed and traffic rerouted. The TBI has confirmed that it has special agents on the scene of the investigation. There are currently no updates on the condition of suspects or what precipitated the pursuit. However, there were reportedly no injuries to law enforcement officers. Oneida Chief of Police Darryl Laxton could not offer comment early Saturday morning, due to the investigation being handled by the TBI. However, Laxton said himself and Scott County Sheriff Ronnie Phillips — both of whom were reportedly on scene following the incident — would release a joint statement at a later time. If Saturday morning's incident was indeed an officer-involved shooting, it would mark the third such incident in less than a year in Scott County. In July 2016, a Helenwood man was injured after being shot when he lunged with a knife at a Scott County Sheriff's Department domestic violence officer who was at his home to arrest him for assaulting his girlfriend. Weeks later, a Kentucky man was injured after being shot by an Oneida Police Department officer in the Walmart parking lot when he brandished a gun at officers who were responding to a domestic disturbance report. More details will be available on ihoneida.com Saturday and in the June 1, 2017 edition of the Independent Herald. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet IH Staff Contact the Independent Herald at newsroom@ihoneida.com. Follow us on Twitter, @indherald. Stay connected 6,452FansLike 379FollowersFollow 1,142FollowersFollow LATEST STORIES Another cool-down is coming | Eye to the Sky June 4, 2017 TBI says suspect’s autopsy could take weeks to complete June 1, 2017 Teacher accused of giving meth to students June 1, 2017 Looking for summer? Don’t hold your breath | Eye to the... May 30, 2017 A step-by-step guide to Hurricane Ridge hike May 30, 2017 - Advertisement - Follow us on Instagram @indherald EDITOR'S PICKS Looking for summer? Don’t hold your breath | Eye to the... May 30, 2017 Another cool-down is coming | Eye to the Sky June 4, 2017 Conclusion of TBI investigation expected by mid-week May 29, 2017 MOST COMMENTED Another cool-down is coming | Eye to the Sky June 4, 2017 West resigns as Oneida High School golf coach January 10, 2017 Honey Creek: Rugged terrain makes for spectacular hike January 10, 2017 TODAY'S MOST READ Another cool-down is coming | Eye to the Sky June 4, 2017 TBI says suspect’s autopsy could take weeks to complete June 1, 2017 Teacher accused of giving meth to students June 1, 2017 ABOUT USThe Independent Herald was founded in America's 200th year, in the spirit of 1976. Published in Oneida, Tennessee, the weekly newspaper serves as the voice of the Cumberlands and Big South Fork country. Contact us: newsroom@ihoneida.com FOLLOW US E-Edition Subscribe Advertise Blogs Eye to the Sky Editor’s Notes © 2017 Independent Herald, Liberty Press Inc. MORE STORIES Oneida moves to regulate beer distilleries February 25, 2014 Brimstone’s White Knuckle Event ‘one of the best yet’ May 30, 2017 Winter weather advisory issued for Scott February 1, 2013
