Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On-Air Shows/Schedule Zach Collins Lou Russo Preferred Company Bob O’Brien Tommy Lynch The Lighter Side of Finance Topic A with Bob Levy & Jeremy Grunin Hometown View Shore Sports Network Listen Listen Live Mobile App Calendar Community Calendar Monmouth Park Events Beachcombers Sign Up Contests Beachcombers Support Meridian Tuned in to Health Weather News Local News Hometown View Beach Radio Beach Report Ask the Senator Ask the Congressman Townsquare Tonight Townsquare TV Storm Closings Stormwatch Q+A Contact Trouble Hearing Beach Radio? Contact/Directions Employment Feedback Contest Rules Submit a W-9 Advertise Website Development Local Experts Follow What’s Hot Beach Report Lakewood BlueClaws Hometown View All Things Jersey Shore Monmouth Park Events Become A Beachcomber Trouble Hearing Beach Radio? Townsquare TV Beach Radio In Your Inbox Win With Preferred Company Tweet @BeachRadio Ask the Congressman Stormwatch Win Jeremy’s Salary Insane Inflatable 5K Walmart testing new home drop-off service at NJ stores By Sergio Bichao June 3, 2017 11:25 AM | Townsquare New Jersey Share on Facebook Share on Twitter (Walmart) First McDonald’s. And now Walmart? Pretty soon we may never have to leave our homes. The big box retailer announced last week that it’s been testing a home delivery service, having Walmart employees drop off orders at customers’ homes after their shifts. Walmart already provides online shoppers with discounted store pickup and two-day shipping, but the home delivery would allow customers to get their goods within hours or a day without the extra cost for shipping. The retailer has been testing the service for the past month at just three of its 4,700 stores — and two of them are in New Jersey. But Walmart isn’t telling which ones. “We’re not sharing a lot of details about the test – including specific store locations — given that it’s only started within the last month or so,” spokesman Ravi Jariwala told New Jersey 101.5. Walmart President and CEO Marc Lore said the service could be a game-changer in the age of online shopping and Amazon, which is expanding its existing unmanned drone-delivery service. “Not only can this cut shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently, it creates a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business,” he said. The employees who make the deliveries earn extra cash and it’s voluntary. Sergio Bichao is deputy digital editor at New Jersey 101.5.  More From WOBM: Subscribe to Beach Radio on Sign Up For Our Newsletter Enter your email address below Your Email Address* Source: Walmart testing new home drop-off service at NJ stores Filed Under: newsletter | Walmart Category: National News | New Jersey News | News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of WOBM-AM Etsy success stories in NJ — being crafty never paid so well Don’t be like Tiger! Driving while medicated as dangerous as drunk driving How Trump will effect voters in Tuesday’s NJ primaries Christie to talk with Trump transportation chief about rail funding Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live WOBM-AM 1160 & 1310 on Facebook Our Facebook page is sponsored by: Sign up for our newsletter Sign up for our newsletter! Join The Insider Club Now Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more! Sign Up Now The Latest From 1160/1310 WOBM AM Etsy success stories in NJ — being crafty never paid so well June 4, 2017 9:21 PM Don’t be like Tiger! Driving while medicated as dangerous as drunk driving June 4, 2017 8:00 PM How Trump will effect voters in Tuesday’s NJ primaries June 4, 2017 7:46 PM Christie to talk with Trump transportation chief about rail funding June 4, 2017 7:00 PM MacArthur to host fundraiser at Bedminster Trump club June 4, 2017 2:22 PM See All Latest News Listen Everywhere! Read More Big Results for Small Business Devote more time to running your business. Engage your clients across multiple platforms. Reach more customers than ever before. Get an Edge on the Competition Today! Advertise Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Jersey Shore Business Listings Welcome back to Beachcombers It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to Beachcombers It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://mybeachradio.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to Beachcombers (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here Beachcombers brought to you by: Sign up for Beachcombers Register Now Sign up for Beachcombers quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! Beachcombers brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive Insiders contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook Beachcombers brought to you by: Beach Radio Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Sun, Jun 04, 2017 - Page 16　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Walmart touts its investment in people AP, FAYETTEVILLE, Arkansas Gwen Stefani performs on Friday during the Wal-Mart Stores Inc shareholders’ meeting at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Arkansas. Photo: The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP Wal-Mart Stores Inc chief executive officer Doug McMillon touted the company’s investments in people and technology, but also said it might have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking on Friday at the annual shareholders’ meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon.com Inc. McMillon and other executives also noted the company’s investments in higher wages and training for its employees. “We will compete with technology, but win with people,” McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers should not fear increasing automation in the industry. “No doubt our work will be different in the future — robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do,” he said. “Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don’t think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together.” A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group and commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute said that between 6 million and 7.5 million US retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon suggested that the company might have reached an employment peak at 1.6 million workers. “We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology,” he said. Walmart’s online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services and drew more shoppers to its stores in its fiscal first quarter. The world’s largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the 11th straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the 10th quarter in a row. McMillon cited the company’s efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders and “Jet Fresh” delivery, which provides grocery delivery in one to two days and is available to about half of US households. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had on Thursday announced a delivery service using its own store employees, who are to deliver packages while driving home from their work shifts. Walmart has invested US$2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. About 100,000 associates have been trained. Walmart’s financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering at about US$80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for more hours for part-time workers and more parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. This story has been viewed 1616 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-05-29 to 2017-06-05 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Toy gun maker sent to prison 2 Torrential rain floods northern areas 3 League might soon be linked to KMT 4 Beijing’s handling of Lee’s case is backfiring 5 Father George Martinson dies MORE  1 Torrential rain floods northern areas 2 Toy gun maker sent to prison 3 Extension requested for 228 claimants 4 Father George Martinson dies 5 Regulations stifling tech industry: TCA chairman MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Sunday June 04 2017 5:23 pm       Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here     Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Walmart touting investment in people, technology as advantages June 03, 2017, 05:00 AM The Associated Press FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. — Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company’s investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders’ meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company’s investments in higher wages and training for its employees. “We will compete with technology, but win with people,” McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn’t fear increasing automation in the industry. “No doubt our work will be different in the future —robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do,” he continued. “Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don’t think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together.” A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. “We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology,” he said. But when or if that would happen is “to be determined.” Walmart’s moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn’t remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company’s online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world’s largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company’s efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and “Jet Fresh” delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company’s acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. “The historic trade-off between price and service doesn’t really exist anymore,” McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies, located at Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. “I’m really excited about the environment that we’re creating for people to learn,” McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart’s U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It’s also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon’s popular Prime plan. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping “free,” given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. “I don’t think you should have to pay for free shipping,” he said. Walmart’s financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But “too many of us are still part-time,” she said. “Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can’t plan our lives, or line up a second job.” Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. “Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children,” Davis said. Jeff Gearhart, executive vice president of global governance, said that last year Walmart converted 150,000 part timers to full-time work. And 200,000 were promoted to positions of greater pay or more responsibility. ——— D’Innocenzio reported from New York.     Tags: mcmillon, walmart, online, company, employees, people, Other stories from today: Google’s Chrome browser to block some ads starting next year Trade deficit rises to highest level since January Virgin Galactic conducts ninth unpowered test flight     Print this Page  |  << Back   Return To Archives            Daily Journal Quick Poll   What do you think of legislation passed by the state Senate and heading to the Assembly that would create single-payer health care system in California? Love it Like the concept, but think it's too costly Think it needs more vetting Don't like that it will force people onto government insurance Think it's a good first step Don't like it at all Not sure                           Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2017 San Mateo Daily Journal San Carlos news  
Subscribe Log In Search Listen Now Sunday, June 4, 2017 83 Today's Paper Weather 74°F Clear Sunday, June 4, 2017   Today's Schedule   Listen Now! Toggle navigation News Local State Nation - World Business Obituaries Weather Sports Prep Sports Illini Sports All Sports Illini Forums Business Living A&E Podcasts Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Guest Commentary Blogs All Opinions Multimedia Photo Galleries Podcasts Videos Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Walmart CEO touts investments in people, tech at shareholders meeting share Facebook Twitter | Subscribe More Business Today's Special: HuHot 'grill warriors' taking heat in unique kitchen Road worriers: Work underway on major area arteries Building permits, June 4, 2017 Just Askin': Memorial Day weekend roadside checks × Login Options Commenting Login to comment or to shop for deal of the day or books. Member Login Login to your member account to read premium articles. Username or e-mail: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Close Home » News » Business Walmart CEO touts investments in people, tech at shareholders meeting Sat, 06/03/2017 - 7:00am | The Associated Press Photo by: Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette/AP Walmart CEO Doug McMillon talks about employee Willie Perkins during the company's shareholders meeting Friday at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) — Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company's investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company's investments in higher wages and training for its employees. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn't fear increasing automation in the industry. "No doubt our work will be different in the future —robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do," he continued. "Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don't think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we'll be able to learn, grow and change together." A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group, commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. "We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology," he said. But when or if that would happen is "to be determined." Walmart's moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn't remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company's online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world's largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company's efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and "Jet Fresh" delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company's acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. "The historic trade-off between price and service doesn't really exist anymore," McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies, located at Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. "I'm really excited about the environment that we're creating for people to learn," McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart's U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It's also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon's popular Prime plan. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping "free," given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. "I don't think you should have to pay for free shipping," he said. Walmart's financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But "too many of us are still part-time," she said. "Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can't plan our lives, or line up a second job." Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. "Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children," Davis said. Jeff Gearhart, executive vice president of global governance, said that last year Walmart converted 150,000 part timers to full-time work. And 200,000 were promoted to positions of greater pay or more responsibility. Sections (2):News, Business Topics (2):Economy, Retail More Business Today's Special: HuHot 'grill warriors' taking heat in unique kitchen Road worriers: Work underway on major area arteries Building permits, June 4, 2017 Just Askin': Memorial Day weekend roadside checks More Business Today's Special: HuHot 'grill warriors' taking heat in unique kitchen Road worriers: Work underway on major area arteries Building permits, June 4, 2017 Just Askin': Memorial Day weekend roadside checks Join the Conversation Comments News-Gazette.com embraces discussion of both community and world issues. We welcome you to contribute your ideas, opinions and comments, but we ask that you avoid personal attacks, vulgarity and hate speech. We reserve the right to remove any comment at our discretion, and we will block repeat offenders' accounts. To post comments, you must first be a registered user, and your username will appear with any comment you post. Happy posting. Login or register to post comments Latest News Business listings, June 4, 2017 Building permits, June 4, 2017 Jim Dey: 'Gay panic' claims make for good headlines, not good law Scholz named N-G photo editor Road worriers: Work underway on major area arteries Today's Special: HuHot 'grill warriors' taking heat in unique kitchen Wired In: Eli Lazar Just Askin': Memorial Day weekend roadside checks Area history, June 4, 2017 This day in history, June 4, 2017 More Local News Most Viewed News 2 men injured in 2011 shooting at Market Place Mall UPDATE: 24-year-old man killed in Champaign shooting Illini Inn building set to come down over summer Two more charged in Danville stabbing death Two injured in two-vehicle crash west of Rantoul Most Commented News Tom's #Mailbag, June 2, 2017 Ammons says she won't vote for state budget UPDATE: Police looking into Memorial Day shooting at Market Place Illini Inn building set to come down over summer Change is coming at Illini Union Trending Now UPDATE: 24-year-old man killed in Champaign shooting Illini Inn building set to come down over summer Underwood loses staff member Sister of DUI victim objects to possible drug-court probation for driver Urbana Free Library buying lot to create gateway to downtown The Big 10 with Jeff D'Alessio, June 4, 2017 Two more charged in Danville stabbing death Great ... like '68 Illini in top 5 for 2018 guard Change is coming at Illini Union A Life Remembered: Longtime Unity music teacher 'larger than life in a tiny form' Radio Newstalk 1400 WDWS-AM Lite Rock 97.5 WHMS-FM Classic Hits 107.9 WKIO-FM Print County Star The Independent News The Leader LeRoy Farmer City Press Mahomet Citizen Paxton Record Journal Republican Rantoul Press Magazines At Home Magazine Central Illinois Business Magazine Customer Service Help Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Subscription Information Quick Links eEdition Obituaries Submit Vacation Stop Staff List Pay your Subscription Buy a Photo Send a News Tip Submit an Announcement Start a subscription now to enjoy our award-winning local news and sports coverage. Print, digital, or both-- we've got you covered. Subscribe Connect with The News-Gazette © 1995-2017 The News-Gazette, Inc. | All Rights Reserved | 15 Main St., Champaign, IL 61820
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars AR/VR Walmart will start training employees in virtual reality Jamie Feltham, Upload VR@UploadVR June 3, 2017 3:03 AM Image Credit: Flickr user NNACAPA Walmart is betting big on virtual reality to help improve its employee training techniques, and it’s turned to a new company to help. TechCrunch is reporting that Walmart plans to install VR training platforms at each of its 200 Academy training centers across the U.S. by the end of the year. Each will have an Oculus Rift and a VR-ready PC to run it on. Using 360 degree video, an estimated 150,000 employees will enter VR and encounter situations that they’ll have to respond to using on-screen prompts. Videos ranging from 30 seconds to fives minutes will include scenarios for customer service, management, and specific encounters for different seasons like dealing with the madness of Black Friday. Walmart partnered with Strivr Labs to create these experiences after one of the company’s executives saw the University of Arkansas football team training using VR. Eventually, the company hopes to be rolling out the platform to its 5,000 retail locations too. STRIVR raised some $5 million late last year to develop these exact type of services. The company offers and end-to-end platform that captures and reports performance inside the training offering analytics to allow organizations to make data-driven decisions. It’s football training simulations are also used by  Dallas Cowboys, Arizona Cardinals, Minnesota Vikings, Clemson University, Stanford University, the Washington Wizards, Detroit Pistons, and Washington Capitals. It’s also done a PGA Tour 360 video fan experience. “Once the lightbulb comes on or someone is willing to take a chance and go all-in, we’ll see an uptick in customers,” CEO Derek Belch once told UploadVR. Looks like he was right. This story originally appeared on Uploadvr.com. Copyright 2017 VB Recommendations Why shortcuts for Google Home are a total waste of time Are chatbots just another fad? Massless lets you write with a pen in virtual reality
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Guardian Investment Management Purchases 7 Shares of Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) United Technologies Co. (UTX) Stake Cut by Mechanics Bank Trust Department Profund Advisors LLC Has $252,000 Position in Natus Medical Inc (BABY) Profund Advisors LLC Sells 3,554 Shares of Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated (SYKE) Foster & Motley Inc. Acquires 48,102 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) IFC Holdings Incorporated FL Sells 982 Shares of Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Profund Advisors LLC Has $251,000 Stake in Sunstone Hotel Investors Inc (SHO) Coastline Trust Co Raises Stake in Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Bank of The West Purchases 387 Shares of Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Capital Impact Advisors LLC Purchases 1,520 Shares of Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Barometer Capital Management Inc. Purchases Shares of 132,000 Home Depot Inc (HD) Johanson Financial Advisors Inc. Takes Position in International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Hudson Valley Investment Advisors Inc. ADV Cuts Position in Altria Group Inc (MO) Hartford Investment Management Co. Has $24.98 Million Stake in AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Chevron Co. (CVX) Shares Sold by Salem Capital Management Inc. Cohen Klingenstein LLC Holds Position in Chevron Co. (CVX) Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Has $10.72 Million Position in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) LOOMIS AB SER'B'NPV (LOIMF) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Peabody Energy Co. (BTU) Short Interest Update Apple Inc. (AAPL) is Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.’s Largest Position Foster & Motley Inc. Acquires 48,102 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) June 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Foster & Motley Inc. increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) by 54.4% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 136,485 shares of the retailer’s stock after buying an additional 48,102 shares during the period. Wal-Mart Stores accounts for approximately 1.8% of Foster & Motley Inc.’s holdings, making the stock its 13th largest position. Foster & Motley Inc.’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $9,838,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. bought a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at about $104,000. Asset Planning Services Ltd. boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.7% in the first quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. now owns 1,511 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $109,000 after buying an additional 11 shares in the last quarter. TLP Group LLC acquired a new position in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth $128,000. Crow Point Partners LLC acquired a new position in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth $127,000. Finally, Sunbelt Securities Inc. acquired a new position in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth $125,000. Institutional investors own 29.69% of the company’s stock. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) opened at 79.62 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $241.65 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.08 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 12 month low of $65.28 and a 12 month high of $79.93. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $76.42 and its 200 day moving average price is $71.44. Wal-Mart Stores also was the target of unusually large options trading on Thursday. Stock traders bought 3,595 call options on the stock. This represents an increase of approximately 104% compared to the typical daily volume of 1,762 call options. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The business had revenue of $116.53 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $117.01 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.98 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.36 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/03/foster-motley-inc-acquires-48102-shares-of-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. A number of research firms have recently weighed in on WMT. Sanford C. Bernstein reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Saturday, May 13th. Robert W. Baird set a $85.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday. Wells Fargo & Co reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Tuesday, May 23rd. Vetr cut Wal-Mart Stores from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $82.17 price target for the company. in a report on Thursday. Finally, MKM Partners set a $72.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, February 18th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have assigned a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $78.41. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,000,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.50, for a total transaction of $211,500,000.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at $740,752,453.50. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 1,455,636 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $78.34, for a total value of $114,034,524.24. Following the sale, the insider now owns 10,507,224 shares in the company, valued at approximately $823,135,928.16. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 13,259,726 shares of company stock worth $1,016,472,206. Insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Wal-Mart reassures employees as it touts tech investments (VIDEO) Saturday June 3, 2017 04:10 PM GMT+8 ICYMI ‘Modern-day bank robbery’ lands Malaysian in Aussie jail The Edit: Message of defiance at concert The Edit: Hidden eats in Chow Kit The Edit: ‘Wonder Woman’ tops box office Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Wal-Mart said it was testing a programme that allowed store workers to deliver packages ordered online after they finish their shifts. — Reuters video grabFAYETTEVILLE, June 3 — Wal-Mart Stores Inc executives yesterday reassured workers they remained integral to the company’s success as they highlighted investments in online sales and other technology to compete with rivals like Amazon.com Inc. Wal-Mart is successfully using e-commerce to boost sales but does not want to alienate workers who have helped drive gains with improved customer service and higher morale following a rise in base pay to US$10 an hour. “We will compete with technology, but win with people,” Chief Executive Doug McMillon said at Wal-Mart’s annual shareholder meeting where all the company’s board member nominations were approved. “We will be people-led and tech-empowered.” The nod to store employees and the retail workforce was a departure from past years when the company focused shareholder presentations on the technology it was adopting to close the online gap with Amazon and beat other competitors. The shift followed complaints by labour groups that Wal-Mart had to do more for workers, despite the company’s US$2.7 billion investment in employee training and wages in 2015 and the 2016 wage increase to US$10. McMillon’s comments capped a three-day media event during which the company announced initiatives like a test programme that allows store workers to deliver packages ordered on the retailer’s website and the use of block chain technology to ensure safety in its food supply chain. Wal-Mart’s investments in technology helped deliver a 63 per cent rise in first quarter online sales, up from 29 per cent growth in the fourth quarter and 20 per cent in the third quarter. Its results have also outshined rivals like Target Corp, department-store chains and apparel retailers. Chairman proposal rejected The shareholders meeting at the Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Arkansas, 30 miles from the company’s headquarters in Bentonville, was packed with 14,000 people, including workers from around 27 countries and shareholders. The company tapped Blake Shelton to host the show which included pop stars like Gwen Stefani, Mary J. Blige and Rachel Platten. Wal-Mart’s shareholders approved all 11 company-recommended board members and voted in-line with company wishes. None of the four shareholder proposals put forward were approved. One from Making Change at Wal-Mart, part of the United Food and Commercial Workers Union, called for an independent chairman to act in the interests of Wal-Mart’s hourly workers. “How can any Wal-Mart associate build a better life when they have been with the company for five years or more and they make US$9 or US$10 an hour,” said Amy Ritter from the labour group, who presented the proposal. For years, influential proxy advisory firms have recommended shareholders vote in favour of an independent board chairman without ties to management or the founding family, ever since bribery allegations several years ago exposed serious board oversight failures. About 51 per cent of Wal-Mart’s stock is controlled by the Walton family and current Chairman of the Board Greg Penner is married to the granddaughter of Wal-Mart founder Sam Walton. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Malaysia Airlines close to deal for more widebody Airbus planes Pound falls after London terror attacks raise political tensions World Bank still sees global growth picking up amid policy risks Oil subdued as rising US output undermines Opec effort to cut supply Ringgit opens higher against US dollar Ringgit likely to trade higher versus US dollar next week RHB-AmBank to take No. 1 spot in asset management, insurance, broking Petronas Q1 2017 pre-tax profit more than doubles to RM15.5b British pound in thrall to election projections as market jitters rise Bursa to be firmer next week Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: With rave reviews, 'Wonder Woman' readies to launch Reuters Video: Francois Ozon's 'L'Amant Double' shocks at Cannes Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce Wal-Mart eliminating hundreds of corporate jobs Wal-Mart reviews Welspun records after Target pulls sheets The accidental millionaire in Jet.com’s sale to Wal-Mart Wal-Mart in talks to buy online retailer Jet.com, says report Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices 'I just don't call out sick anymore at all': New report says Walmart punishes employees for taking sick days Business Insider Rachel Gillett 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Why bottled water is one of the biggest scams of the century 10 iconic American companies owned by Chinese investors © Provided by Business Insider Walmart Walmart, the single largest employer in America with 2.3 million employees worldwide, has come under fire for its attendance policy. Based on conversations with Walmart employees and results of a survey of more than 1,000 current and former Walmart employees, worker advocacy group A Better Balance issued a report Thursday claiming the retailer has punished its workers for taking sick days and time off to care for loved ones and violated a number of worker-protection laws including the Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA). "Walmart should fully comply with the law so that no one is illegally punished for a disability-related absence or for taking care of themselves or a loved one with a serious medical condition," Dina Bakst, founder and president of A Better Balance, the advocacy group that prepared the report, told the New York Times. Among the complaints A Better Balance received, employees have said they're afraid to call out sick, they've been penalized and even fired after taking sick time, and they face financial ruin as a result. Randy Hargrove, a spokesperson for Walmart, issued a statement to Business Insider in response to the report: "Like any company, we have an attendance policy that helps ensure our customers are being taken care of and that our associates are protected from regularly having to cover other's work duties. This policy requires that all of our hourly store associates be on time and work their scheduled shifts and manages against excessive absences. "We understand associates may have to miss work on occasion and we have processes in place to assist them. This includes legally protected and authorized absences, such as medical-related accommodation, FMLA leave, pregnancy and bereavement, that are not counted against our attendance policy. Associates may request a leave of absence or other reasonable accommodation at any time by talking with any salaried member of management or an HR representative. Each associate's circumstance is addressed individually, in compliance with company policy and the law. "We have countless Walmart associates who successfully partnered with the company to authorize their absences from work. We believe we have the right training measures in place to help communicate our attendance, disability, and pregnancy policies to our associates." Click through the slideshow to see more details on some of the key points and quotes of the report © Provided by Business Insider 'I just don't call out sick anymore at all.' "I've called in sick I think three times last winter, but each time I've been told I've just ‘lost points' (of which I have no idea what that means nor how to tell how many ‘points' I have). Therefore, I think I must be getting close to the ‘limit of points' so I just don't call out sick anymore at all. For all I know, I might have a week of paid sick leave, however no one will show me how to see how many hours I actually have, so I act like I have none left. . . It's very easy to use them up too quickly, thus I won't use any more until I have an explanation." —An anonymous employee from California  According to the report, many employees are only permitted to access Walmart's internal computer system that details employee policies, the Wire, while they are on the clock (sometimes with a manager hovering nearby), and they are told that their use of the Wire is logged by Walmart. © Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg   'I passed out at work. They sent me to the hospital. The next day, they fired me for it.' "My daughter was having seizures, I had to take time off to monitor her. They counted it against me. I passed out at work. They sent me to the hospital. The next day, they fired me for it. Walmart is a joke. People have lives outside of work, we get sick, we have children, things happen, and Walmart literally covers NOTHING." —An anonymous employee from Ohio The report says that Walmart uses a point system to discipline workers, and too many points results in firing. Walmart reportedly gives workers disciplinary points for any absence they consider unauthorized, and working less than half of a scheduled shift is considered an absence. © Brandon Wade/Invision for Walmart/AP Images   'The front manager then said that they wouldn't accept the doctor's note from the hospital ...' "I got into a car wreck on my way to work and was sent by ambulance to the hospital. I had two fractured ribs and a concussion. I reached a manager from the hospital, who said it would be ok, and I came into work the next day with wrapped ribs and a concussion. The front manager then said that they wouldn't accept the doctor's note from the hospital, and they fired me for missing that day." —An anonymous employee from Oklahoma If an employee does not call in to report an absences at least an hour in advance, they receive four points, the report says. © Provided by Business Insider 'I should have been able to leave to go to the ER and not worry about losing my job.' "My appendix ruptured while at work and because I already had eight points, I could not leave work to go to the ER without pointing out and losing my job. I should have been able to leave to go to the ER and not worry about losing my job. I had even said to management, 'So if I fall out because of my appendix and have to go out in an ambulance…I will get a point and lose my job?' The response from management was, 'Yes.'" —An anonymous employee from Kentucky According to the report, if you have worked at Walmart for less than six months and receive four points, you will be terminated, and if you have worked at Walmart for six months or more and receive nine points in a six-month rolling period, you will be terminated.   'Just pitiful!' "As a mother and a person, we get sick every once in a while. It's something we have no control over! We still get punished with a point regardless of whether we have a doctor's note, and they expect us to not work around food and customers sick! My son had pneumonia, his life was on the line, and I still couldn't be excused from work. Just pitiful! —An anonymous employee from West Virginia  Several hundred of the surveyed Walmart workers said they think Walmart has a problem of regularly punishing people who have absences due to a disability or serious illness and believe there is no such thing as an excused absence. © Rick Wilking/Reuters   'They would not accept them.' "I was vomiting blood and had to go to the ER. I was there for two days and each day was a point. I then had two days off, and I brought my hospital notes in when I went back. They would not accept them." —An anonymous employee from Kentucky According to the report, workers say that managers do not consider and often refuse to take doctors' notes from employees. The report also says Walmart's policy and practice is to not consider the content of the note in deciding whether to treat the absences as unauthorized. © Provided by Business Insider 'Thanks, Sedgwick.' "I asked for two weeks off to receive mental health treatment. Sedgwick finally got back to me within the last 48 hours of my requested leave, which I hadn't taken because it wasn't  approved. Thanks, Sedgwick." —An anonymous employee from California  According to the report, Walmart sometimes tells employees with absences of more than three days to contact a company called Sedgwick for a leave of absence. Employees in the report say Sedgwick is slow, unresponsive, and confusing to deal with. © Joshua Lott/Reuters   'I am now homeless.' "My eight-month-old daughter got pneumonia in January 2017. I am a single mom and no one could watch her, so I had to take a week off work while she was recovering. I took in a note from the hospital and my manager said they would take me off the schedule, but they never did and I got points for being out. "Then in February, my daughter had an allergic reaction and I had to rush her to the hospital and miss work. Because of this, I lost my job. I loved my job and I lost it and lost my place because I couldn't find work soon enough. I am now homeless. I wish Walmart didn't have such a horrible attendance policy. I always showed up on time and was one of their good employees." —An anonymous employee from Texas  The report says Walmart's attendance policy requires that an employee notify management three weeks in advance of an absence, that management approve that absence, and that management choose to build the requested absence into the schedule. © courtesy of Wal-Mart Stores Inc.   'They give points no matter what.' "My son was hospitalized for pneumonia. It was so bad that he stopped breathing in the ER and they needed to put him on oxygen. I got points even after telling management why I was out. They give points no matter what." —An anonymous employee from Tennessee  Of the employees surveyed who said they have been absent from work for a medical emergency, 78% said they were also punished for an absence. If you're a Walmart employee with a story to share, email careers@businessinsider.com. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From Business Insider Amazon's ad business may be nearing a 'tipping point' Business Insider Millennials are killing chains like Buffalo Wild Wings and Applebee's Business Insider One teenager in Iowa that costs $12 million a year to insure perfectly encapsulates the successes and failings of Obamacare Business Insider Business Insider View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored This Dell has 12GB RAM, graphics card, & more! Listen to music underwater! Pre-order Madden NFL 18 today! ASUS 2-in-1: All day battery, only $249 Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, June 04, 2017, 11:26 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Proposals fail at Wal-Mart event Call for an independent chairman voted down; stars come out By Stephen Steed This article was published June 3, 2017 at 2:05 a.m. PHOTO BY JASON IVESTER Wal-Mart President and CEO Doug McMillon talks with employee Willie Perkins during the company’s shareholder meeting Friday at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville. Comments aAFont Size Buoyed by the usual lineup of music stars, Wal-Mart shareholders rocked the house Friday but didn't rock the boat when they rejected three corporate proposals submitted by activist shareholder-employees. The final vote count on each resolution wasn't available, but preliminary results showed that none passed. Each received scattered applause when introduced Friday morning during the company's annual shareholders meeting in Bud Walton Arena on the University of Arkansas, Fayetteville, campus. One called for the appointment of a board chairman who is independent of the company. Amy Ritter, communications director of Making Change at Walmart, an affiliate of a Washington, D.C.-based union, said an independent chairman and a more independent board would improve the lives of hundreds of thousands of Wal-Mart employees. Ritter said an average Wal-Mart employee would have to work 1,000 years before making the yearly $22.5 million salary of Wal-Mart President and Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon. "Why are tens of thousands of Wal-Mart workers forced to apply for food stamps or other government assistance paid by taxpayers, when Wal-Mart could easily afford to pay a real living wage?" Ritter asked. A second, nonbinding resolution, by Carolyn Davis, a Wal-Mart associate from the Outer Banks coastal region of North Carolina, called for management to nominate at least one member to the corporate board who is an expert on the environment. She said such a member could help make sure the company "lives up to the promises it made" in various efforts related to climate change, sustainability and renewable energy. Janice Grice, a Wal-Mart associate for three years in Marion, S.C., called for the company to conduct a study to determine, by gender and by race, the number of associates who are full time and part time. She saluted the company for a similar study of its management ranks but said diversity in management doesn't match the diversity of the corporate workforce. Grice said her starting salary was $7 an hour and is now $10 an hour. Wal-Mart has said the average pay is $13.75 an hour. Grice also said the company relies too heavily on part-time workers and doesn't move them into full-time positions. "Too many of us are part time," she said. "Too many of us still can't pay our bills." Quoting Sam Walton, the company's founder, Grice said, "If you want the people in the stores to take care of the customers, you have to make sure you're taking care of the people in the stores." Wal-Mart Executive Vice President Jeffrey Gearhart said the company recently spent $2.7 billion on training, education and wage increases for workers. "That really happened," Gearhart said. More than 150,000 workers recently were moved from hourly, part-time positions into full-time ones, he said. Of those, he added, 57 percent were women and 47 percent were of color. stars take stage High on star power over the past several years, this year's meeting for shareholders and selected Wal-Mart associates from stores in 28 countries didn't disappoint. Country star Blake Shelton, an Oklahoma native, served as host. Mary J. Blige performed, and the headliner of the event -- in the sense that she was last to perform -- was Gwen Stefani. Filling out the morning's lineup: Rachel Platten, Ne-Yo, a hip-hop artist and native of Camden, and The Band Perry. Each got eight-minute segments, enough for two numbers each. The live music started about 7 a.m., as Bud Walton Arena began reaching capacity. The shareholders meeting officially began an hour later. Sheryl Crow and Rascal Flatts played earlier this week at Bud Walton Arena. Performers and celebrities taking the stage at previous meetings: Beyonce, Tom Cruise, the Eagles, talk-show host James Corden, Taylor Swift and Lionel Richie. The performers play for free -- because Wal-Mart stores around the world sell their music -- but do get financial assistance on transportation and lodging. delivery by employee Wal-Mart introduced a new method for dropping off packages to customers this week with a pilot program that will allow employees to deliver items on their way home from work shifts. But McMillon cautioned that the testing phase of the service would move slowly. "After we roll it out we want to make sure everything went well, associates are being paid appropriately and we don't have any issues related to that," McMillon said. "I wouldn't jump to a conclusion that it's going to be nationwide too soon." McMillon said there still will be a role for UPS and FedEx for deliveries of Wal-Mart packages. The company continues to test deliveries with ride-sharing services Uber and Lyft. "This is an interesting piece," McMillon said. "But it's just a piece of it." Regarding other Wal-Mart innovations, Daniel Eckert, senior vice president of Wal-Mart Services, received the Sam M. Walton Entrepreneur of the Year award for his work on Walmart Pay, a smartphone app used at checkout by online shoppers. Eckert joined the company in 2010. Walmart Pay, which was put together by Eckert and a 180-member team, was rolled out across the company's 4,700 U.S. stores last year. More than 7.3 million transactions have been completed through Walmart Pay since it was introduced and 3,000 new users try it each day, according to data from the company. taste-testing reporters About 50 representatives of news organizations from around the world got a look Thursday at Wal-Mart's year-old Culinary and Innovation Center in Bentonville. The 12,000-square-foot facility lets Wal-Mart work closely with its network of suppliers in determining what products will reach customers. Potential new products are tested -- and tasted. The visitors there Thursday were taken into the "sensory" lab, to taste, and then critique, a dollop of a crunchy cookie spread. Other rooms have gas ovens, microwaves, and electric ovens -- where every aspect of products are studied, from ingredients to dietary information to cooking directions, and put to the test. Bolstered by market studies showing a demand for the return of "nostalgia" items, Wal-Mart is bringing back a sugary breakfast cereal of the 1990s called Oreo O's. Those were available by the handful for sampling by news representatives. Wal-Mart also is bringing back Zima, a citrus-flavored alcoholic beverage produced for a time by Miller Brewing Co. It was pulled off the market about a decade ago. It's another "nostalgia" product, said Al Dominguez, senior vice president of snacks, beverages and imports. Reviving the beverage was a joint decision between Wal-Mart and Miller, he said. "We are getting as much of it as we can," he said. Wal-Mart won't be the only distributor of the beverage, but it will be the largest, he said. Dominguez said the Zima of today is the same of yesteryear, but no samples were available to determine if there were any changes. Information for this article was contributed by Robbie Neiswanger of the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette. Business on 06/03/2017 Print Headline: Proposals fail at Wal-Mart event Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Shareholders hear strategy of 'new Wal-Mart' Job gains slack off for May N.Y. says Exxon climate costs faked New bill adds tax on sales to Cuba Proposals fail at Wal-Mart event Germany broadens emissions inquiry to VW's Au... Trade deficit rises in April to $47.6B; China... Puerto Ricans heading for the exits Job growth tepid, but indexes rise More Business stories > Comments on: Proposals fail at Wal-Mart event To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 'Executive privilege' to quiet Comey called an option (29 comments) Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (32 comments) 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack (6 comments) Pulled from reality (4 comments) 2 leaders affirm climate pledges (2 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (35 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Sunday, June 4, 2017 Login Subscribe Legal ads Homes Autos Jobs Classified The Register-Guard Navigation News Home Local News Tips Obituaries Weather For the Record Latest Seven Days Celebrate 150 Community E-mail Newsletter Associated Press Top Stories Northwest Now Business Oregon Business Oregon Sports Sports Technology Entertainment Politics Weather National International Health Science Oddities Lotteries Podcasts Maps Eugene police call log Springfield police call log Lane County gas prices Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Sports Preps Oregon Ducks Football Columnist Austin Meek Oregon Ducks Basketball Track & Field Outdoors Latest Seven Days Associated Press Sports Oregon Sports Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @rgduckfootball @rgsports Business Local Latest Seven Days Blue Chip Oregon Business Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Opinion Editorials Letters Latest Seven Days Guest Viewpoint Contribute your Opinion Endorsements Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Life Lifestyles Food Tastings Healthy Families Weekend Home & Garden Outdoors Discovery Cannabis Culture Destination: Retirement Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Entertainment Entertainment Arts Movie Listings Go Entertainment Submit an event E-mail Newsletter Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Video Videos Photo galleries Obits Obituaries Obituary search Recent obituaries and guest books Purchase a tribute obituary Advertising Advertising General Advertising Information Print Advertising Digital Advertising Contact Advertising Digital Marketing Services Digital Services Information Web Design & Development Video Production Search Engine Marketing Client Portfolio Contact Classified Place a Print/Online Classified Ad All Classifieds Homes Autos Jobs Jobs at The Register-Guard   Classified Search Search The Register-Guard Google Search Proquest Newspaper Archives (back to 2001) Keywords: Google News Archive Search (back to 1867) Search Help Business Home   Business Walmart may have reached employment peak         By Christopher Rugaber and  Anne D’innocenzio The Associated Press June 3, 2017   Today’s Business stories Ideas to reality: If you can imagine it, MAC Group in Eugene says it can build it Owner of Eugene’s Valley River Inn continues fight against proposed 101-room hotel next door As noncompete agreements spread, more workers bound Helping women overcome barriers to join tech field Business Datebook More Business »   FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. — Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company’s investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders’ meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company’s investments in higher wages and training for its employees. “We will compete with technology, but win with people,” McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn’t fear increasing automation in the industry. “No doubt our work will be different in the future —robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do,” he continued. “Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don’t think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together.” A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. “We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology,” he said. But when or if that would happen is “to be determined.” Walmart’s moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn’t remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company’s online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world’s largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Walmart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company’s efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and “Jet Fresh” delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company’s acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. “The historic trade-off between price and service doesn’t really exist anymore,” McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies, located at Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. “I’m really excited about the environment that we’re creating for people to learn,” McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart’s U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It’s also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon’s popular Prime plan. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping “free,” given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. “I don’t think you should have to pay for free shipping,” he said. Walmart’s financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But “too many of us are still part-time,” she said. “Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can’t plan our lives, or line up a second job.” Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. “Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children,” Davis said. Jeff Gearhart, executive vice president of global governance, said that last year Walmart converted 150,000 part timers to full-time work. And 200,000 were promoted to positions of greater pay or more responsibility. More Business articles »     RG Business Local business news sent to your inbox every Thursday.         Today’s Business stories Business Ideas to reality: If you can imagine it, MAC Group in Eugene says it can build it Real Estate Development Owner of Eugene’s Valley River Inn continues fight against proposed 101-room hotel next door Business As noncompete agreements spread, more workers bound Business Senior discounts aren’t just for seniors anymore Business Helping women overcome barriers to join tech field Business Business Datebook Business Business Beat Business LED lights for bicycles target night riders     Opinion Editorial Is housing slipping out of reach? It might be a blip, but this year’s count of homeless people shows an increase Two data points don’t make a trend, so it would be a mistake to over-interpret the results of this year’s point-in-time count of homeless people in Lane County. It would also be a mistake to … Welcome to the R-G’s throwback Sunday Courage and compassion These three heroes deserve Presidential Medal of Freedom More Opinion » Lifestyles Books One for the books Siblings collect stories from Oregonians about books that influenced their lives VENETA — Standing in the tall grass outside a barn, siblings Kelsey and Jeff Geiger discuss their mission. Behind them is a bookmobile with big blue block letters that scream “Free Books!” Roosters putz around … Add ‘Wildman’ to list of books for graduates In a land where nothing’s familiar, connections come from the heart Books to breeze through this summer More Lifestyles » Weekend Out and About Stretch the imagination Sit back, relax to enjoy impressive season of outdoor concerts, movies, plays Mild summer nights, even during the work week, are the only excuse most of us need to pack a picnic dinner, grab a few blankets and head to our neighborhood parks to enjoy a truly … Weekend events for Lane County and beyond, June 3-4 Structured playtime Patio décor sets free-spirited tone More Weekend »   Quick links Submit News tips Letters to the editor Births / Weddings / Obituaries Entertainment event Education Extra Volunteer of the month Contact the newsroom Connect Promotions / Contests Email newsletters Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Volunteer Support Services About The Register-Guard Give us feedback Contact The Register-Guard Marketplace Homes Autos Jobs General Classifieds Digital Services Advertising Info Contact Advertising Classified Advertising Info Place a Classified ad Jobs at The Register-Guard Buy a photo Subscriber Services Today's front page Subscribe E-Edition Manage your account Archive Back issues Contact Subscriber Services Newspapers in Education Become a newspaper carrier The Register-Guard • 3500 Chad Drive • Eugene, OR • 97408 / (541) 485-1234 / Feedback Copyright © 1996–2017 / Terms / Privacy / Copyright
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Traffic Pedestrian killed in crash on I-440 in Raleigh Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Chance for storms remains overnight, Monday Sponsor Weather 2017 Atlantic hurricane season begins as many still struggle to recover from Matthew DUALDoppler5000 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Baseball North Carolina State holds off Kentucky 5-4 in NCAA regional Our Take Reliable Dalatri leads UNC past Michigan 8-1 in elimination game Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Perimeter players likely to rule ACC hoops in 2017-18 Twitter mailbag goes from sandwiches to 90s music All ACC Tourney games (don't) matter Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business Must-do for Congress: Raise debt limit, pass spending bills Business Trump to push for overhauling roads, bridges, air traffic Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Serena Williams in Silicon Valley Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: Legislature's budget -- More comfort for the comfortable Editorial: Legislators should heed protesters' message on Medicaid PHILIP PRICE: Truth is Senate 'cuts' to education 'bureaucracy' mean less accountability and support for teachers, students Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Business Duke seeks 15 percent increase in electric rates Business Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Health Team Texas lawmakers make few moves to address pregnancy deaths Political News This one letter helped spark a national opioid epidemic Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Theme park fun around US Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Entertainment Late in life, sex assault trial caps Cosby's life and legacy Entertainment Grande returns to Manchester to honor victims with benefit Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event You don’t need the newspaper to get your Sunday Circulars Click & Save for Instant Savings › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Restaurant patrons hid following shooting of 7-year-old boy Out and About Thousands take to Raleigh streets for Ironman race Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Watch LIVE games from home Every Friday @ 6:55 p.m. › 72° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 72° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather Halifax and Northampton counties are under alert. Details Published: 2017-06-02 22:57:00 Updated: 2017-06-02 22:57:00 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper $5 Bonus when you join Swagbucks in June Tags: Freebies Posted 10:57 p.m. Friday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18EjR Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Swagbucks has a great sign-up bonus for June! You have probably seen me write about Swagbucks here on the blog. It's a site where you earn points (called SB) for things you're probably doing online already, like searching, watching videos, discovering deals, shopping online and taking surveys. Then you take those points and exchange them for gift cards to places like Amazon, Starbucks, Walmart, Target, CVS, Domino's, PayPal cash and more! Unlike a lot of other rewards sites, you can cash out at any time, and they have gift cards for as little as 300 SB (The $3 Amazon gift card - every little bit helps)! This month, you can get a 500 SB bonus (worth $5 in gift cards) through this blog when you sign up! Here's how it works: 1. Sign up at Swagbucks.com HERE. Click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get a bonus. 2. Earn 300 SB points total before 7/1/17 and you'll get a $3 (300 SB) bonus! 3. If you spend at least $25 through the Swagbucks Shop section, you'll get another $2 (200 SB) bonus on top of the cash back you'll get from shopping. You must receive your shopping SB before August 1st to get the 200 SB bonus. If I am doing any online shopping, I go through the Swagbucks Shop section if the store is participating so I can earn SB points for every purchase. I've used the Swagbucks Shop section for online shopping at stores including Amazon, Kohl's, Walmart, Target, Groupon and more. I usually cash in my SB points for CVS and Sheetz gift cards which means I use my SB for free toilet paper, free bath & beauty products and free gas! New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events (which we post about here on the blog and Swagbucks posts about on their website in the Swagbucks Blog section. * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Recently, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. I used a coupon code for a percent off when I made the purchase and qualified for free shipping and got the SB points added to my account a couple weeks later. * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. . . Disclosure: This post may contain affiliate links and we appreciate your using them! This means that I may receive compensation from other websites I mention on this blog. More On This IMAGE: $5 Bonus when you join Swagbucks in June 1 Swagbucks website Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Myrtle Beach Spring Deals - Save Up to 40% The "as low as" rate is at 3.72% APR (30 yr.) The 'as low as" rate is at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) $175 Off - Electric Panel Replacement Save 50% Off Your Pella Windows Installation PLUS 0% APR for 36-Months Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Clayton DWI checkpoint yields 7 arrests, 84 charges and citations News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast News WRAL Late News Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Clayton DWI checkpoint yields 7 arrests, 84 charges and citations News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast News WRAL Late News Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALNY) Major Shareholder Sanofi Buys 297,501 Shares of Stock Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Major Shareholder Jim C. Walton Sells 1,455,636 Shares Hastings Group Hldg PLC (HSTG) Insider Richard Mark Brewster Sells 50,000 Shares Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact JetBlue Airways (JBLU) Share Price Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Impact Kadant (KAI) Share Price International Flavors & Fragrances (IFF) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Shows Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) Stock Price Genesco (GCO) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Euronet Worldwide (EEFT) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.16 Exactech (EXAC) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.13 Nuveen Amt-Free Quality Municpl Incm Fnd (NEA) Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.06 Nuveen Core Equity Alpha Fund Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.28 (JCE) Teacher Retirement System of Texas Cuts Position in Berry Global Group Inc (BERY) Bunge Ltd (BG) Shares Bought by Teacher Retirement System of Texas Generac Holdings Inc. (GNRC) Stake Raised by Impax Asset Management AIFM Ltd Teacher Retirement System of Texas Has $23,452,000 Stake in Kirby Co. (KEX) Teacher Retirement System of Texas Maintains Position in Westlake Chemical Co. (WLK) Ngam Advisors L.P. Reduces Stake in Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) Richard C. Young & CO. LTD. Reduces Stake in First Interstate Bancsystem Inc (FIBK) ABB Ltd (ABB) Shares Bought by Richard C. Young & CO. LTD. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Major Shareholder Jim C. Walton Sells 1,455,636 Shares June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 1,455,636 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $78.34, for a total transaction of $114,034,524.24. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 10,507,224 shares in the company, valued at $823,135,928.16. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Major shareholders that own 10% or more of a company’s stock are required to disclose their sales and purchases with the SEC. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) traded down 0.24% during trading on Friday, hitting $79.62. 7,996,466 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $241.65 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.08 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 12 month low of $65.28 and a 12 month high of $79.93. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $76.42 and its 200 day moving average price is $71.44. Wal-Mart Stores also was the recipient of unusually large options trading activity on Thursday. Stock traders purchased 3,595 call options on the stock. This is an increase of approximately 104% compared to the average volume of 1,762 call options. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The firm had revenue of $116.53 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $117.01 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.98 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.36 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-major-shareholder-jim-c-walton-sells-1455636-shares.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Asset Planning Services Ltd. raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.7% in the first quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. now owns 1,511 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 11 shares during the period. Wellington Shields & Co. LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the first quarter. Wellington Shields & Co. LLC now owns 3,661 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $264,000 after buying an additional 15 shares during the period. Fort Point Capital Partners LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the third quarter. Fort Point Capital Partners LLC now owns 4,663 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $336,000 after buying an additional 20 shares during the period. Alexandria Capital LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.9% in the first quarter. Alexandria Capital LLC now owns 2,513 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $181,000 after buying an additional 22 shares during the period. Finally, Sterneck Capital Management LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the first quarter. Sterneck Capital Management LLC now owns 6,588 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $475,000 after buying an additional 22 shares during the period. 29.69% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. A number of research firms have weighed in on WMT. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc began coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, February 10th. They issued a “positive” rating and a $80.00 target price on the stock. MKM Partners set a $72.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. Pacific Crest lowered shares of Wal-Mart Stores to a “hold” rating in a research note on Sunday, April 30th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $74.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, May 5th. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Saturday, May 13th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have given a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $78.41. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Check out the latest theme park experiences and attractions Savings Squad Save money with consumer news and deals Business Savings Squad | Shopping & Deals Free summer Walmart Beauty Box stuffed with products and samples Courtesy/Wal-Mart Courtesy/Wal-Mart Doreen ChristensenSun Sentinel Get a free Walmart Beauty Box each season with full-sized products, samples and coupons for $5 shipping. Privacy Policy Sign up to get a free box of summer cosmetics and personal-care products from Walmart for $5 in shipping. Seasonal Beauty Boxes are scheduled to be shipped this month. They come four times a year stuffed with eight to 10 full-sized products from name-brands including Secret, Olay, L'Oreal, Rimmel,  Dove, Neutrogena, TreSemme, Crest, Cover Girl and others. There also are samples and high-value coupons included, too. Once you sign up with a credit card, you'll get a new box each season. You can cancel any time. Beauty goodies for men and women include free waxing services at European Wax Center, free Burberry fragrance samples, gifts for your birthday, beauty boxes and Sephora makeup classes.  (Doreen Christensen) Click here for the deal. Shipping is $5. Connect with me: "Like" Doreen's Deals on Facebook; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter, Facebook and GooglePlus; sign up for my Freebie Friday Newsletter. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Doreen's Deals: Save on cosmetics with drugstore swaps, beauty hacks News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Legal Notices Obituaries 75°
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Monday, June 5, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News ISIS Claims Responsibility for Attack; Prime Minister Says, ‘Enough Is Enough’ 7 Killed and Dozens Hurt in the Assault Near London Bridge By STEVEN ERLANGER Britain’s leader, Theresa May, vowed a sweeping review of the nation’s counterterrorism strategy after the attack, which ISIS said was carried out by “a detachment” of its “fighters.” The police shot and killed the three assailants within minutes. Officers arrested 12 people on Sunday.  Comments ‘People Running and Screaming. It Was Utter Horror’ By CEYLAN YEGINSU and STEPHEN FARRELL Witnesses described a scene of confusion and chaos, where bars were packed with people enjoying their Saturday night. Here’s what we know and don’t know » Ariana Grande performed at the “One Love Manchester” tribute concert on Sunday. Credit Pool photo by Danny Lawson Defiant Note at Ariana Grande Show Ms. Grande thanked the Manchester crowd for being “strong and unified” in her first appearance since a suicide bomber killed 22 people at her May 22 show there. By CHRISTOPHER D. SHEA How the Attacks in London Unfolded Three attackers drove a van into pedestrians on London Bridge on Saturday before stabbing people at nearby Borough Market. Terrorist Attacks in Britain: A Short History 8:27 PM ET Trump Responds to London Attack with Twitter Storm By PETER BAKER 8:44 PM ET President Trump assailed political correctness, gun-control advocates and the mayor of London on Sunday, arguing that the world needed to be more serious about fighting terrorism. Trump Returns to Center of Partisan Media Combat Pictures From the Scene 1:58 ‘Get Down, Get Down’ By AINARA TIEFENTHÄLER, MALACHY BROWNE, MARK SCHEFFLER and DAVE HORN ‘Soft Power’ of a Russian Bank Comes to Light in U.S. Inquiry By BEN PROTESS, ANDREW E. KRAMER and MIKE McINTIRE 9:22 PM ET Investigators of possible collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign are looking at Jared Kushner’s meeting with the head of VEB, a bank owned by the Russian state. “This is not a bank,” said a Standard & Poor’s analyst. “We should rather treat this bank as a government agency.” A Pledge to Remake Nuclear Arsenal Now Faces Higher Costs By JAMES GLANZ and DAVID E. SANGER 7:42 PM ET The estimate of a project to fulfill President Trump’s pledge to remake the nation’s atomic arsenal is 20 percent more than once envisioned, and it is unclear if the White House can stomach the cost. G.M. Wants to Drive Future of Cars That Drive Themselves By BILL VLASIC General Motors is redirecting energy and capital toward a race with Silicon Valley to create self-driving cars. Adventures in Capitalism EpiPen Price Caused Much Outrage, but Firm Hasn’t Budged By CHARLES DUHIGG Mylan has an effective monopoly on a lifesaving product, which has allowed its leaders to see public outrage as a tax they must pay. What to Expect as Bill Cosby’s Sex Assault Trial Begins By GRAHAM BOWLEY A Pennsylvania jury will consider a case against Mr. Cosby, once a father figure and moral force, whom many women have accused of criminal misconduct. Sign Up for Updates on the Cosby Trial The Daily 360 0:45 Making a Living by Jumping Off a Cliff Kassie Bracken/The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. For the Hmong, marijuana farming is not only a commercial opportunity but also a chance to return to a rural lifestyle. Credit Jim Wilson/The New York Times California’s ‘Green Rush’ Draws Hmong Immigrants Legal marijuana cultivation is drawing former farmers from Laos and their families to the northern hills, and to a life that feels like home. By THOMAS FULLER Your Monday Briefing By PATRICK BOEHLER 12:24 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Smarter Living Trilobites An Effect of Climate Change You Could Really Lose Sleep Over By JUSTIN GILLIS Hotter nights in a warming world could have significant effects on how well people sleep, a new study suggests. The Fix The Starter Tool Kit for Home Improvements By MICHELLE HIGGINS Even the most reluctant D.I.Y.er needs a few basic tools. Here’s what the experts suggest.  Comments Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Climate Science Meets a Stubborn Obstacle: Students By AMY HARMON 7:27 PM ET A new teacher’s efforts to educate teenagers in Ohio coal country ran up against a cultural resistance to evidence of the human role in global warming. 16 Years Later, Bush’s Climate Pact Exit Holds Lessons for Trump Warriors Handily Defeat the Cavaliers in Game 2 By HARVEY ARATON 10:55 PM ET Coach Steve Kerr returned to the bench as Golden State remained unbeaten in 14 games this postseason and took a 2-0 series lead against Cleveland in the N.B.A. finals. Celebrities Flock to Watch Warriors. And That’s Just Practice. The Velvet Rope Economy The Doctor Is In. Co-Pay? $40,000. By NELSON D. SCHWARTZ For five-figure annual fees, boutique medical services offer the wealthiest Americans the chance to cut the line and receive the best treatment. Critic's Notebook What Was Bill Maher’s Big Mistake? By WESLEY MORRIS The “Real Time With Bill Maher” host overstepped his privilege as a famous comedian. That’s bad. But it’s not a hate crime. On Mosul’s Front Line, a Battle on Civilian Streets Photographs and Text by IVOR PRICKETT 12:01 AM ET Iraqi forces are closing in on the Islamic State’s stronghold in the Old City. Airstrikes have been heavy despite trapped families all around. Side Street Benjy Melendez’s Legacy: Peace and Hope in the Bronx By DAVID GONZALEZ The onetime gang member, who helped broker a truce among gangs in 1971 and became a longtime counselor, remained upbeat to the very end. More News Emirates Cut Ties With Qatar, Accusing It of Destabilizing Region Wendell Burton, Actor and Megachurch Minister, Dies at 69 Mexico Governor’s Race Offers Chance to Defeat Ruling Party Portland Killings Dredge Up Legacy of Racism in Oregon Morning Briefing: Australia Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Australia. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing: Asia Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Asia. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing: Europe Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Europe. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing The news and stories that matter. Delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday. Filipinos Flee Duterte’s Violent Drug Crackdown Hiding, moving and climbing trees are survival strategies adopted by those on the run from President Duterte’s deadly antidrug campaign in the Philippines. Cambodia’s Buddhist Monks Find a Second Calling: Political Correspondent The monks are using social media to report on the nation’s local elections and trying to hold the government accountable. Turning Against Trump: How the Chinese Covered the Climate Pact Exit The state-controlled news media seized the moment to cast doubt on American democracy and promote an image of China as a responsible superpower. ‘The Leftovers’ Crosses Beautifully to Other Side The series finale, with a mesmerizing performance by Carrie Coon, finds the connection between faith and love, our critic writes. ‘The Long Haul’ Is a Slangy Tour of the Road Finn Murphy opines about the transcendent pointlessness of material possessions, among other topics, in this memoir about moving van drivers. Chinese Firm Borrowed $2.1 Billion in a Hurry After it got overextended, LeEco, a tech company, was able to raise billions from shadowy lenders and from investors large and small. Sunday Review Editorial Another Terrorist Attack, and More Agony, in Britain The latest outrage has not disrupted the democratic process or democratic values.  Comments Is London Pride Enough? By JENNI RUSSELL Britons are quick to show their stoicism. But after another attack, unease is palpable. A Very British Response Bruni: These Campus Inquisitions Must Stop Dowd: Trump Stomps Earth On Ireland’s Border: ‘That Sad Old Game’ By GARRETT CARR Thanks to “Brexit,” Borderlanders have to adapt, yet again, to what distant powers decide for them. Douthat: Neither Hot Nor Cold on Climate Kristof: What Monkeys Can Teach Us About Fairness Bruni: The Triumph of ‘Wonder Woman’ Editorial: Proof That Trump’s Lobbyist Ban Is Worthless Join us on Facebook » User Subscriptions Inside a Mobster’s Bedroom Ahead of Breaking News, a Shoe Story That Fits Times Insider » Inside a Mobster’s Bedroom The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Music What Happened at the New York Philharmonic? Sunday Review Choosing When and How to Die A story about a terminally ill Canadian man’s death by lethal injection, after he attended his own wake, evoked strong, and varying, reactions. Book Review Kareem Abdul-Jabbar: By the Book Fashion & Style ‘Dear Evan Hansen’ Star Ready for His Big Day Sunday Review Springtime’s Not-So-Peaceable Kingdom Times Insider Inside a Mobster’s Bedroom Design & Interiors A Lesson on Layering Prints Sunday Review Rocketing to the Sun and Its Flaming Secrets NASA is launching the first satellite aimed at our own star to uncover the mysteries of its atmosphere. Food The Makings of a Delicious Eton Mess Business Day Barbara Corcoran on the Power of Positivity Sunday Review What I Learned at Cowboy Camp Art & Design An Artist and Her ‘Beautiful Boy’ Sections World » After London Attack, Prime Minister Says, ‘Enough Is Enough’ London Attacks: ‘It Was Utter Horror’ Trump’s Off-the-Cuff Tweets Strain Foreign Ties Business Day » Oculus Founder Plots a Comeback With a Virtual Border Wall G.M. Wants to Drive the Future of Cars That Drive Themselves Sinclair Broadcasting Said to Be in Talks With Ex-Sony TV Chief Steve Mosko Opinion » Opinion: How Interracial Love Is Saving America Editorial: America in Retreat Frank Bruni: These Campus Inquisitions Must Stop U.S. » Climate Science Meets a Stubborn Obstacle: Students Portland Killings Dredge Up Legacy of Racist Laws in Oregon From Maine, a Call for a More Measured Take on Health Care Technology » G.M. Wants to Drive the Future of Cars That Drive Themselves Oculus Founder Plots a Comeback With a Virtual Border Wall Jean Sammet, Co-Designer of a Pioneering Computer Language, Dies at 89 Arts » Ariana Grande Brings Message of Defiance to Concert for Manchester Victims Critic's Notebook: What Was Bill Maher’s Big Mistake? What to Expect as Bill Cosby’s Sex Assault Trial Begins Politics » Trump, Who Pledged to Overhaul Nuclear Arsenal, Now Faces Increased Costs White House Memo: 16 Years Later, Bush’s Climate Pact Exit Holds Lessons for Trump From Maine, a Call for a More Measured Take on Health Care Fashion & Style » The Fashion Outlaw Dapper Dan Encounters: Young Tony Nominee of ‘Dear Evan Hansen’ Gets Ready for His Big Day At the ‘Summer White House,’ You Are Never Far From a Trump Photo Movies » ‘Wonder Woman’ Deflects Doubt to Win Battle at the Box Office Review: ‘Wonder Woman’ Is a Blockbuster That Lets Itself Have Fun The Woman Behind ‘Wonder Woman’ New York » New York Police Officer in Critical Condition After Being Dragged by Car Rebuking Congress, Cuomo Plans to Keep State Health Care Plans Intact Question in Battle Over ‘Diller Island’: Which Billionaire Blinks First? Sports » Celebrities Flock to Warriors. And We’re Talking About Practice. Warriors 132, Cavaliers 113 | Warriors lead the series, 2-0: Warriors Handily Defeat the Cavaliers in Game 2 India, Pakistan and Something Deeper Than Cricket Theater » ‘Pamplona’ Is Canceled After Stacy Keach Falls Ill Now ‘Spamilton’ Really Can’t Miss Its Shot to Tease ‘Hamilton’ ‘Building the Wall,’ Which Imagines Life After Trump, to Close Science » The Mummies’ Medical Secrets? They’re Perfectly Preserved Third Gravitational Wave Detection, From Black-Hole Merger 3 Billion Light Years Away Fruit Flies and Mice to Get New Home on Space Station, at Least Temporarily Obituaries » Jimmy Piersall, Whose Mental Illness Was Portrayed in ‘Fear Strikes Out,’ Dies at 87 Sara Ehrman, Outspoken Feminist With Deep Ties to Clintons, Dies at 98 Jean Sammet, Co-Designer of a Pioneering Computer Language, Dies at 89 Television » Critic's Notebook: What Was Bill Maher’s Big Mistake? What to Expect as Bill Cosby’s Sex Assault Trial Begins Review: ‘If You’re Not in the Obit, Eat Breakfast’ Finds Vigor After 90 Health » The Empathetic Dog New Electrical Brain Stimulation Technique Shows Promise in Mice Trump Rule Could Deny Birth Control Coverage to Hundreds of Thousands of Women Travel » Where I Live: My Rome: Still a Classic Beauty Update: How a Shift in U.S. Policy Could Affect Travel to Cuba 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Canterbury, England Books » New Life for a 125-Year-Old Literary Journal Summer Reading: Summer Thrillers: Daring Escapes and Other Acts of Derring-Do Profile: Plot Twist! John Grisham’s New Thriller Is Positively Lawyerless Education » Your Money: When Colleges Dangle Money to Lure Students Who Ignored Them Dozens of Middlebury Students Are Disciplined for Charles Murray Protest Messages to Graduates: Stand Up, Fight Back, Speak Out Food » Wine School: Your Next Lesson: Thirst Quenchers Wine School: Thrilling and Joyless? The Polarity of Sweet Riesling Hungry City: For This Soup, Some Assembly Is Required (and Provided) Sunday Review » The Six-Day War at 50: The Past 50 Years of Israeli Occupation. And the Next. Editorial: America in Retreat Frank Bruni: These Campus Inquisitions Must Stop Real Estate » The Fix: The Best Way to Cool Your Space Living In: Salisbury, Conn.: An Antidote for Cabin Fever 360 View: When Mom Picks Out Your Apartment for You The Upshot » Economic Trends: Economic Fallout of Climate Move? It Depends on How We Value Time Urban Studies: A Revitalized Pittsburgh Says the President Used a Rusty Metaphor Economic View: A Tax Cut Might Be Nice. But Remember the Deficit. Magazine » The New York Issue: New York Stories Still Processing: At the Movies, the Beach Is the Ultimate Freedom. And in Life? Notebook: The Enduring Appeal of Seeing Trump as Chess Master in Chief Automobiles » Wheels: Hyundai Faces Tough Times as Buyers Go Big Driven: Video Review: After 15-Year Break, Lincoln Continental Returns With Style Wheels: What Self-Driving Cars See T Magazine » Meet the Musicians Who Modeled for Gucci Some Things T Editors Are Really Into Right Now Home and Work: In One Fabric Designer’s Home, a Lesson on Layering Prints Times Insider » The View From Behind the Velvet Rope Inside a Mobster’s Bedroom The N.B.A. Finals and the LeBron James Effect Real Estate » Big Ticket Art Dealer’s Fifth Avenue Co-op Sells for $55 Million By VIVIAN MARINO The Colombian financier Carlos Alejandro Pérez Dávila buys Robert H. Ellsworth’s palatial third-floor apartment for $55 million.  Comments Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Mortgage Calculator Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Azure Backup cuddles up real close to Windows Server Tintri files for US$100m IPO but warns losses will likely keep coming HPE's cloud server wasting away on low calorie Microsoft sales ViaSat lofts world's most powerful communications satellite into orbit Sage flogs North American Payments biz for $260m Whoops! Microsoft accidentally lets out a mobile-'bricking' OS update Google to give 6 months' warning for 2018 Chrome adblockalypse – report Toyota's entertaining the idea of Linux in cars Goodness gracious, great Chinese 'Fireball' malware infects 250m systems worldwide Social media vetting for US visas go live LIGO physicists eyeball a new gravitational wave Crapness of WannaCrypt coding offers hope for ransomware victims Who's going to dig you out of a security hole when the time comes? BA IT systems failure: Uninterruptible Power Supply was interrupted Performance anxiety: A different take on 'hybrid infrastructure' Ransomware realities: In your normal life, strangers don't extort you. But here you are How do you do, fellow kids? Grandpa Puppet gets down with Docker What happened when 300 DevOps experts took over the QE II? Windows is now built on Git, but Microsoft has found some bottlenecks Twilio packages code boilerplate to woo devs Policy The Channel UK PM May's response to London terror attack calls for regulation of internet companies Walmart workers invited to shuttle packages Pai guy not too privacy shy, says your caller ID can't block IP, so anons go bye The Big Blue Chopper video that IBM might want to keep quiet Bixby bailout: Samsungers bailing on lame-duck assistant Your emotionally absent pic-snapping partner's going to look you in the eye again Samsung's Bixby assistant fails English, gets held back a month Qualcomm names its Windows 10 ARM PC partners Geek's Guide ESA astronaut deaccelerates from 28,800kph to zero in first bumpy landing Boffins find evidence of strange uranium-producing bacteria lurking underground Gay Dutch vultures become dads Curiosity rover's crater 'offered multiple microbe-friendly environments' Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Amazon granted patent to put parachutes inside shipping labels The nuclear launch button won't be pressed by a finger but by a bot Virtual reality headsets even less popular than wearable devices Microsoft boosts its AI framework with Cognitive Toolkit 2.0 Verity Stob Utah fights man's attempt to marry laptop German robo-pastor preaches the GNU Testament IBM marketeers rub out chopper after visit from CEO Ginni I'll take the sandtrooper in white: Meet the rebel scum making Star Wars armour sets for a living 60 Business Walmart workers invited to shuttle packages Details scant on insurance, mileage costs, and depreciation 3 Jun 2017 at 00:06, Thomas Claburn As Amazon tests drone-drops for online orders, Walmart wants sales associates to double as delivery drivers. The global retail giant has launched a program to enlist its employees to deliver packages on the way to and from their jobs at the company's stores. Participation in the program, Walmart insists, is voluntary. Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart eCommerce in the US, says the program will cut shipping costs and get packages to customers faster. Walmart's 4,700 stores in the US are within 10 miles of 90 per cent of the US population. And with more than a million workers moving between their homes and Walmart stores, commuting routes might need only minor adjustments to bring packages to customers. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based behemoth is pilot-testing its package delivery scheme in three locations, two in New Jersey and one in northwest Arkansas. Participating employees get an app for that, and extra pay. Lore suggests that Walmart's approach, having goods and drivers start in the same location, is superior to crowdsourced delivery, where drivers have to travel to pick up packages. That overlooks the fact that Walmart trucks still have to transport goods to a store with an employee-driver. Nonetheless, Uber's struggle to make delivery profitable – the company has shut down UberRush and UberEssentials – suggests there may be a better way. If Walmart can make it work, the company might be able to use its physical presence to raise its online fulfillment game – perhaps even at Amazon's expense. "We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup," Lore explained in a blog post. "Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer's house. The best part is this gives our own associates a way to earn extra income on their existing drive home." Cash is king Walmart workers have been seeking extra income from the company, known for its low pay and resistance to unionization, for many years. Last year, Walmart committed to paying employees hired before 2016 at least $10 an hour. As a point of comparison, Walmart CEO Doug McMillon pocketed $21.8 million last year. Based on a 40-hour work week, for 52 weeks, that works out to about $10,480 an hour. At the company's recent shareholder meeting, there were again calls for higher wages, predictable schedules, and better benefits, according to The Washington Post. In an email to The Register, Cynthia Murray – who heads Organization United for Respect (OUR), a group that advocates for Walmart workers, and is an active Walmart associate based in Laurel, Maryland – acknowledged that the opportunity to earn additional income would be welcomed by some, but expressed concern about compensation details. "While many Walmart associates are struggling to get enough hours to make ends meet, this opportunity for additional hours could be a win for some associates," said Murray. "But without understanding if associates are going to be compensated for gas, additional insurance costs, wear and tear on our cars and the potential risks of delivering packages, then this program could be creating problems for associates." Murray added, "Technology is changing the nature of work in retail and we understand that. And while Walmart continues to point to its 1.5 million associates as its advantage over companies like Amazon, we also know that they are not doing enough to support us and our families." Walmart did not respond to a request for further details on the program. ® Tips and corrections 60 Comments MORE Walmart Sign up to our Newsletter Get IT in your inbox daily Subscribe More from The Register Walmart buys Jet.com 2 Comments Walmart sues Visa for being too lax with protecting chip cards The only thing lower than our prices is your security! 66 Comments Speaking in Tech: Went to Cancun... visited the Walmart Podcast All the best tech gossip here... Walmart spied on workers' Tweets, blogs before protests Defence contractor Lockheed Martin provided intelligence services before Black Friday 35 Comments Walmart to open-source its cloud-hopping code Retail giant offers skeleton key to escape cloud lock-in from … oh, no cloud in particular 10 Comments Walmart takes its DevOps platform and piles it high on GitHub Mega grocer throwing rotten tomatoes at Amazon? 5 Comments Whitepapers Blending Cloud-native and Conventional Applications This IDC InfoBrief, sponsored by Red Hat, reviews ten lessons from early adopters for successful integration of cloud native and traditional applications. Mobile App Security Program Management Handbook Whether you are starting from square one with a mobile app security initiative, have ad-hoc tasks you want to consolidate, or just want to improve an existing program. Achieving the Dynamic Data Center Examining the emergence of clustering in the enterprise data center, and a set of criteria to consider when evaluating options for managing advanced, clustered IT infrastructure. VM Data Protection and Veritas How Veritas NetBackup and virtual machine data protection can help you consistently meet SLAs with near 100% backup and recovery success rate. Most read BA IT systems failure: Uninterruptible Power Supply was interrupted BA CEO blames messaging and networks for grounding IBM marketeers rub out chopper after visit from CEO Ginni The Linux cloud swap that spells trouble for Microsoft and VMware I'll take the sandtrooper in white: Meet the rebel scum making Star Wars armour sets for a living Spotlight How the Facebook money funnel is shaping British elections Your roadmap to the Google vs Oracle Java wars Project Gollum: Because NHS Caring means NHS Sharing Plutus Payroll clients and staff fell for plausible business model fairy tales Drugs, vodka, Volvo: The Scandinavian answer to Britain's future new border UK General Election 2017: How EU law will hit British politicians' Facebook fight Facebook fake news: Sort it out yourself, readers Unpaid tech contractor: 'I have to support my family. I have no money for medicines' Sponsored links Know Your Infrastructure - On Prem and in the Cloud Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Under the hood Contact us Advertise with us More content Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Alerts Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 73° Low 68° High 82° Fayetteville 68° Low 64° High 77° Bentonville 68° Low 66° High 80° See complete forecast 47th Annual Walmart Shareholders Meeting Brings Thousands To Bud Walton Arena Posted 7:06 pm, June 2, 2017, by Kathryn Gilker Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video FAYETTEVILLE (KFSM) -- It was a big day for the 14,000 people inside the 47th annual Walmart Shareholders meeting. Technology and online sales have been a big theme all week at the meeting, and CEO Doug McMillon drummed the theme home, saying the company will compete with technology but win with people. “We'll win because we are purpose driven, with clear and meaningful values, with clear and meaningful values and an effective and resilient culture," he said. "It will be our humanity that drives our creativity, powers our competitive spirit and keeps us out in front." Walmart announced major changes to make them more competitive online against retail giants like Amazon. The company said it is rolling out changes to make life easier for families. One of those changes is free automated pickup. Customers drive up to the machine in the Walmart parking lot, enter a code and their order is provided in about a minute. “After testing it will be available 24-hours a day, 7 days a week," said Gisel Ruiz, executive vice president of operations for Sam's Club. "Imagine that ... and we'll be the only retailer in the world to have this setup." All around the world employees are thinking about what's possible and trying out new innovations. In Mexico they have digital kiosks where customers can place online orders in store and pay with cash. “Technology is helping us in so many ways," said Judith McKenna, chief operating officer of Walmart U.S. "It's providing convenience for our customers, it's helping to make sure that the work that our associates do is simpler and more valuable and most importantly that gives them more time to serve our customers.” Walmart is on track to achieve a 10-year commitment to support $250 billion in products that support American jobs. Walmart also announced a new test program where associates deliver online orders to customers on their commute home. This program is being tested at one Northwest Arkansas store and two in New Jersey. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Mercy Healthwatch Your latest health news. Popular 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Ada Man Shot Dead While Allegedly Trying To Drown Twins Missing Arkansas Man’s Dismembered Body Found Baby Dies After Pregnant Mom Is Seriously Injured In Crash With Suspected Drunk Driver Latest News 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Professional Angler Gives Fishing Tips For Free Fishing Days 15-Year-Old Business Owner Opens Her Doors Ariana Grande Holds Benefit Concert In Wake Of Terror Attacks VIDEO: Dave Van Horn Recaps Win Over Oral Roberts News Walmart To Begin Testing Associate Delivery News Walmart Shareholders Meeting Brings More Business News Thousands Head To Bud Walton For Walmart Shareholders Meeting News Walmart Cuts About 300 Jobs From Tech Division News Walmart Offers Differential Pay To Military Associates News Walmart Associates Connect At Shareholders Event News Local Food Pantry Gets Major Food Donation From Walmart Shareholders Week News Walmart Tries To Woo Online Customers With “Pickup Discount” News Delivery Robots Are Being Tested On U of A Campus News Walmart: Woman Filmed Making Racist Comments Banned From Shopping In Store News WATCH: Walmart Shareholders Meeting Happening Now With Blake Shelton As Host News Walmart Shows Appreciation To Moms With Walmart Beauty Boxes News Tyson Announces Switch To Using Antibiotic Free Chicken Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 04:26 GMT, Jun 05, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More Qatar kicked out of Saudi-led coalition bombing Yemen over alleged support for ISIS & Al-Qaeda HomeAmerica Walmart uses ‘brutally unfair’ system to punish employees for illnesses ‒ report Published time: 3 Jun, 2017 00:04 Edited time: 3 Jun, 2017 18:25 Get short URL Walmart employees and supporters block off a major intersection in downtown Washington, DC to stage a protest calling for $15 an hour and consistent full-time work on October 16, 2014. © Kevin Lamarque / Reuters Walmart is facing a battery of bad news about its treatment of employees, just in time for its annual shareholder meeting. A labor rights group says the company has an illegal sick leave policy, while workers wonder if racism plays a role in scheduling. As America’s largest private employer, with 1.5 million employees, Walmart has long been criticized for its policy of placing profit above all else, especially its workers. A new report about Walmart’s “absence control program” described the company’s sick leave policy as “brutally unfair” and “often against the law.” A Better Balance, a work and family legal center, surveyed more than 1,000 current and former Walmart employees about the policy. The group found that the company routinely refuses to accept doctors’ notes, punishes workers who need time off to care for a sick family member and otherwise penalizes lawful absences covered under the American with Disabilities Act (ADA) and the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), as well as other worker protections. Read more Walmart treats pregnant women as ‘second-class citizens’, new lawsuit claims Walmart’s employee policies are not distributed to workers, who are instead only able to access them on the company’s internal computer system, and often only when they are on-shift and management may be hovering nearby, A Better Balance found. Based on the interviews with employees, the group reports that Walmart operates a point system to discipline workers. All infractions ‒ “from talking back to a supervisor or taking too long during a break, to working too slowly or being absent from or late to work” ‒ are part of this system. When it comes to absences, anything “unauthorized” ‒ defined as working less than half a scheduled shift ‒ earns an employee one point. Showing up more than 10 minutes late is half a point. Not calling to report an absence at least an hour before shift nets four points. Employees who have worked for the company for less than six months are fired at four points, while those who have been with Walmart longer can accrue no more than nine points in a six-month rolling period. “I got into a car wreck on my way to work and was sent by ambulance to the hospital. I had two fractured ribs and a concussion. I reached a manager from the hospital, who said it would be OK, and I came into work the next day with wrapped ribs and a concussion. The front manager then said that they wouldn’t accept the doctor’s note from the hospital, and they fired me for missing that day,” a former employee in Oklahoma said in the report. Once employees start racking up points, they can receive disciplinary coachings, which go into their files. Having points or coachings on their records can keep workers from being assigned additional hours or receiving raises or promotions. “We call on Walmart not only to follow the law, but to work with its employees who have occasional absences related to health and disability,” A Better Balance said in its report. “Walmart can do better, and Walmart must do better. Workers and the advocates standing with them will not stop pushing until Walmart treats its workers fairly.” #Walmart warns workers not to use app helping them understand company's labor rules https://t.co/ImMDSyntSKpic.twitter.com/lrXTIqWj5V— RT America (@RT_America) November 15, 2016 Walmart said it had yet to see the report, but denied it punishes workers in emergency situations. “We understand that associates may have to miss work on occasion, and we have processes in place to assist them,” Randy Hargrove, a spokesman for Walmart, told the New York Times. The company reviews each employee’s circumstances individually, he said, “in compliance with company policy and the law.” Walmart’s employees are disproportionately low-wage and women of color, the report notes. One way that workers have sought to discover just how much the company discriminates against women, especially women of color, in managers’ decisions about which employees receive part-time versus full-time hours is to get Walmart to disclose the racial composition of its respective hourly workforces. #Walmartshares touts record on women but #WalmartWomen are 56% hourly workers, 43% management & 31% corporate officers. Equal opportunity? pic.twitter.com/TjSsVyOQuJ— Stand Up 2 Walmart (@OURWmt) June 2, 2017 The proposal ‒ filed by Janie Grice, a Walmart worker from Marion, South Carolina, at the annual shareholders meeting in Bentonville Arkansas ‒ was opposed by Walmart management and ultimately failed. "We believe that we’re supporting diversity within our associate ranks and encouraging promotion," Hargrove, the Walmart spokesman, told Buzzfeed News. "We’ve disclosed some percentages of what we’re doing, and we’re always looking at opportunities for more disclosure and how we work with our shareholders. Creating a culture that fosters diversity and inclusion is fundamental to everything we do at Walmart." The company says it is investing in its employees with both raises and training. Earlier this week, Walmart debuted a virtual reality headset to train employees. Another proposal, which has been in testing in one Arkansas and two New Jersey stores for a month, would pay employees who volunteer to deliver packages to customers on their way home from work. Read more Human resources: Walmart hired Lockheed Martin to keep tabs on employees “Walmart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this,” Walmart spokesman Ravi Jariwala said, noting that 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Walmart store. “There is really strong overlap between where our associates are already heading after work and where those packages need to go.” Although employees would be paid extra and offered overtime as necessary, Jariwala did not outline whether they would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination thereof, the Washington Post reported. Labor experts question the program, noting that employees could end up shouldering much of the risk, cost and liabilities involved with the deliveries. “The practice seems ripe for abuse if the company does not compensate workers for the full cost of their journey, the expenses related to gas, car depreciation, and potential problems like accidents, tickets or parking expenses,” Stephanie Luce, a labor professor at the City University of New York, told the Post. “Like other ‘gig economy’ type jobs, there is a potential to benefit workers ‒ but in reality, most of the benefits accrue to the employer, not the employee.” In mid-May, two women, represented by A Better Balance, sued Walmart, claiming it discriminated against pregnant employees before a policy change in 2014. The suit seeks class-action status, and, if accepted, could include at least 20,000 women and possibly up to 50,000 who worked at Walmart while pregnant before the policy was changed. The two women are considering filing a second lawsuit over the new policy, saying it did not go far enough. In January, Walmart announced pay raises for 1.2 million of its employees, bringing wages up to at least $10 an hour. The news came just five days after the company announced it was closing 154 stores in the US and laying off 10,000 people. What would you do if you found a cry for help from a prisoner and sweatshop laborer in your Walmart tote? https://t.co/AO59PnSmhr— RT America (@RT_America) May 2, 2017 Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) How to build a state trooper One Love Manchester concert being carried live around the world Terror attack on London Bridge leaves 6 dead; police shoot 3 News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Prime minister vows to fight back 'Run, Hide, Tell' likely saved lives Trump may not block Comey testimony Trump's tweets take combative tone Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Depth foils LeBron's triple-double Wildcats stun Tar Heels Benintendi backs Sale 7th inning stretches another Mets loss Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Next for Trump: infrastructure Coming up with a down payment the biggest hurdle On The Move Farmers, lawmakers call for respect of workers amid Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of the Capital Region Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Best of the Capital Region 2017: Italian restaurant New York City mourns a first responder to 9/11 Naughty by Nature, Outlaws join Alive at Five lineup People in the news: Boy? Girl? Don't tell Serena Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Ciudad Juarez museum tells Mexican Revolution story Bite-Sized: Morsels of food news TIPS: How to make the most of grilling season Sipping: Wine pick of the week Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives The Battle of Midway – And An Unexpected Saratoga Conservatism, properly understood, part 2 Schodack Food Truck Festival June 4 We have baby birds. TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Freihofer's runner helps us see disabilities in a new light Editorial: Let's get specific, Albany Region's job market ready to embrace college grads The Buzz Jobs Top Workplaces Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Albany Med service targets executive patients Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Learning lessons from a garage sale fail High & Low House of the Week: Rowhouse on Washington Park, Albany June's Parade of Homes set to be largest yet Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Free movies: Bow Tie Cinemas Summer Kids Series returns June 20 What to buy in June? Key items to “buy” or “wait to buy” during Money tips for new college grads MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Walmart-touts-investment-in-people-technology-11192563.php Walmart touts investment in people, technology by Christopher S. Rugaber and Anne D'innocenzio, associated Press Published 7:33 pm, Friday, June 2, 2017 Fayetteville, Ark. Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company's investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders' meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company's investments in higher wages and training for its employees. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn't fear increasing automation in the industry. "No doubt our work will be different in the future —robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do," he continued. "Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don't think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we'll be able to learn, grow and change together." A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. "We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology," he said. But when or if that would happen is "to be determined." Walmart's moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn't remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company's online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world's largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the 11th straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the 10th quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Walmart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. Most Popular 1 Fired police officer accuses small department of corruption 2 Suspect detained in Sunday afternoon Cohoes shooting 3 How to build a state trooper 4 Photos: 10 restaurants to visit in Albany 5 The Latest: Trump assails London mayor for reassuring public 6 Serious ATV crash in Washington County 7 Rivers Casino unveils new hotel name, logo View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines It’s strawberry season Battle Ground schools get new leadership Class of 2017 pursues ideals Aerospace industry, led by Insitu, lifts economies of Columbia Gorge communities Jayne: Ilani alters the conversation for Cowlitz Tribe, county Agendas for the week’s government meetings Clark County’s culture of cycling is growing Weather Eye: Enjoy return to seasonal norms, sun’s reappearance Cyclists, officials pedal through Vancouver’s bike infrastructure Cycling around the city of Vancouver can be a joy -- except for those spots where it's a big problem. Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Miranda pitches 4-hitter as Mariners sweep Rays Zunino’s slam, 7 RBIs power Mariners past Rays Miami’s Volquez throws first no-hitter of 2017 Horan scores twice in Thorns’ road win Seahawks not signing Kaepernick, for now Oklahoma beats UW at softball World Series Mariners slug their way past Rays Valeri scores twice to power Timbers Bonneville Dam fish count 6/2 Fans can vote for All-Region soccer Union’s Cranston picks prep academy Cameron Cranston wants to keep his dream of playing NCAA Division I basketball alive, and will take another year in… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Ways homebuyers can leap the down-payment hurdle Workers reluctant to take time off Aerospace industry, led by Insitu, lifts economies of Columbia Gorge communities Tech Test: Preparing for the crash: Synology box keeps your data safe Lyft’s first diversity report shows workforce mostly white and male Berko: Just can’t recommend investing in General Motors Health Worker Report Berko: Will the Federal Reserve sell bonds? Kangol comes home: Hat firm’s return to U.S. encounters many challenges Convicted fraud figure arrested again Tech Test: Preparing for the crash: Synology box keeps your data safe Synology might not be a company you’ve heard much about. The technology firm makes network attached storage appliances that can… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Leo seriously great in show about laughs Podcaster mixes humor and politics ‘Jurassic World’ exhibit is mix of art, science How ‘Wonder Woman’ director Patty Jenkins cracked the superhero-movie glass ceiling Mayim Bialik pens guide for young girls Holy Fire burns in U.S. for first time Takei slams racist criticism of ‘Star Trek’ Check It Out: Sign up for fun with the Summer Reading program Big brands wake up to demand for modest fashion Clark County’s culture of cycling is growing Check It Out: Sign up for fun with the Summer Reading program It’s almost Summer Reading time at the library — yahoo! In case you thought the Summer Reading program was just… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Press Talk Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Plan Ahead for Parking Jayne: Ilani alters the conversation for Cowlitz Tribe, county Harrop: U.S. happiness rank is sad Wyman: Libraries provide valuable services, deserve federal support Will: Hail Buckley, conservatism’s shining star Griffin’s Trump stunt was offensive Letter: Bridge group is on right path Letter: Trump is, above all, a realist Letter: Travel ban misses its target Letter: Demand answers from Trump Editorial Cartoons, June 4-10 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Uptown Village parking worries on the rise with growth Everybody Has a Story: Bear bite was ticket to family attention You Can Help In the Service Students raise money to purchase iPods for Alzheimer’s patients Camas horse rider wins state title Washougal High School students honored for STEM work Local boy collects donations for homeless at birthday party Hit-and-run victim receives donated wheelchair Riders donate cash to coffee house Uptown Village parking worries on the rise with growth Vancouver’s Uptown Village is, quite literally, on the rise. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Garage Sales Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Wal-Mart touts investment in people, technology CEO says workers shouldn’t fear rise of automation in retail Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon talks about employee Willie Perkins during the Wal-Mart shareholders meeting Friday at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER and ANNE D’INNOCENZIO, Associated Press Published: June 2, 2017, 4:21 PM A   A FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. — Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company’s investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders’ meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Wal-Mart has introduced or tested in the past year, such as grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company also has put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company’s investments in higher wages and training for its employees. “We will compete with technology, but win with people,” McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn’t fear increasing automation in the industry. “No doubt our work will be different in the future — robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do,” he continued. “Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don’t think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together.” A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon suggested that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. “We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology,” he said. But when or if that would happen is “to be determined.” Wal-Mart’s moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn’t remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company’s online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world’s largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company’s efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and “Jet Fresh” delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company’s acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. “The historic trade-off between price and service doesn’t really exist anymore,” McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Wal-Mart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Wal-Mart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies in Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. “I’m really excited about the environment that we’re creating for people to learn,” McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Wal-Mart’s U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It’s also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon’s popular Prime plan. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping “free,” given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. “I don’t think you should have to pay for free shipping,” he said. Wal-Mart’s financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Walmart touts investment in people, technology as advantages - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS Hourly Forecast Information Southeastern's season comes to an end following loss to Rice Mayor Landrieu expresses support for NOPD after most violent day of the year Contact Us WBXH-TV Editorials NEWS Local News Investigators Slideshows Regional News National News Crime Stoppers Health Power of 9 Hand It On Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Links Mentioned 9News This Morning Anchors and Reporters WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Sports Headlines LSU earns 3rd straight WCWS trip SU Headlines Saints Headlines Pelicans Headlines 2016 Warrick Dunn Award Traffic Investigators The Investigators: Caught Red Handed: Inmate escapes caught on surveillance The Investigators: Misuse of Position? Mayor accused of escorting people into town hall, helping them vote WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Contests Slideshows Take A Road Trip Best of the Class: 2017 Double Day Stirrin It Up Recipes Recipe Calendars About Programming The WAFB 9News Mobile Apps 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business Walmart touts investment in people, technology as advantages 2017-06-02T21:07:43Z2017-06-02T21:10:58Z By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO Associated Press FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) - Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company's investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders' meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering - part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting - comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company's investments in higher wages and training for its employees. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn't fear increasing automation in the industry. "No doubt our work will be different in the future -robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do," he continued. "Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don't think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we'll be able to learn, grow and change together." A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. "We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology," he said. But when or if that would happen is "to be determined." Walmart's moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn't remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company's online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world's largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company's efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and "Jet Fresh" delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company's acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. "The historic trade-off between price and service doesn't really exist anymore," McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies, located at Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. "I'm really excited about the environment that we're creating for people to learn," McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart's U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It's also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon's popular Prime plan. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping "free," given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. "I don't think you should have to pay for free shipping," he said. Walmart's financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But "too many of us are still part-time," she said. "Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can't plan our lives, or line up a second job." Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. "Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children," Davis said. Jeff Gearhart, executive vice president of global governance, said that last year Walmart converted 150,000 part timers to full-time work. And 200,000 were promoted to positions of greater pay or more responsibility. ___ D'Innocenzio reported from New York. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Cosby's image as father, family man on the line at sex trial Cosby's image as father, family man on the line at sex trial Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:18 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:18 GMT Bill Cosby goes on trial Monday in the only criminal case to emerge from the dozens of sexual assault allegations lodged against him.More >> Bill Cosby goes on trial Monday in the only criminal case to emerge from the dozens of sexual assault allegations lodged against him.More >> Run, Hide, Tell? London attack response likely saved lives Run, Hide, Tell? London attack response likely saved lives Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:11 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:11 GMT As reports of stabbings in a popular London nightspot started flowing in late Saturday, police sent out a tweet warning people in the area to run, hide and then call authorities.More >> As reports of stabbings in a popular London nightspot started flowing in late Saturday, police sent out a tweet warning people in the area to run, hide and then call authorities.More >> Things to know about Ohio police shooting retrial Things to know about Ohio police shooting retrial Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:07 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:07 GMT Testimony is expected to begin this week in the murder retrial of a white former police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black motorist during a 2015 traffic stop in Cincinnati.More >> Testimony is expected to begin this week in the murder retrial of a white former police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black motorist during a 2015 traffic stop in Cincinnati.More >> Solo climber is 1st up mighty California rock without ropes Solo climber is 1st up mighty California rock without ropes Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:00 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:00 GMT An elite rock climber has become the first to climb alone to the top of the massive granite wall known as El Capitan in Yosemite National Park without ropes or safety gear.More >> An elite rock climber has become the first to climb alone to the top of the massive granite wall known as El Capitan in Yosemite National Park without ropes or safety gear.More >> Quickly reporting cancer complications may boost survival Quickly reporting cancer complications may boost survival Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:22 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:22:58 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:22 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:22:58 GMT A study finds that having cancer patients use home computers to report problems like nausea and fatigue surprisingly improved survival, by almost half a year.More >> A study finds that having cancer patients use home computers to report problems like nausea and fatigue surprisingly improved survival, by almost half a year.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump pulls US from global warming accord, to allies' dismay Trump pulls US from global warming accord, to allies' dismay President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> Trump pulling US from global climate pact, dismaying allies Trump pulling US from global climate pact, dismaying allies President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> Outlining options of U.S. involvement in Paris climate accord Outlining options of U.S. involvement in Paris climate accord President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon More >> President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoonMore >> Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon More >> President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoonMore >> Police release Tiger Woods' DUI arrest video Police release Tiger Woods' DUI arrest video Police in Florida have released video of Tiger Woods' DUI arrest More >> Police in Florida have released video of Tiger Woods' DUI arrestMore >> Shulkin stresses 'lot of work to do' to fix beleaguered VA Shulkin stresses 'lot of work to do' to fix beleaguered VA Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin has issued a "State of the VA" report and says President Donald Trump "deeply engaged" on veteran issues. More >> Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin has issued a "State of the VA" report and says President Donald Trump "deeply engaged" on veteran issues.More >> Police: Physician arrested at Trump hotel in DC with 2 guns Police: Physician arrested at Trump hotel in DC with 2 guns Authorities say a Pennsylvania physician who was behaving suspiciously and had made threatening remarks has been arrested at the Trump International Hotel in Washington after police found an assault-style rifle and handgun in his carMore >> Authorities say a Pennsylvania physician who was behaving suspiciously and had made threatening remarks has been arrested at the Trump International Hotel in Washington after police found an assault-style rifle and handgun in his carMore >> Top Trump aide exiting: First shoe to drop in wider shuffle? Top Trump aide exiting: First shoe to drop in wider shuffle? A top communications aide to President Donald Trump is exiting the White House as the embattled president considers a broader staffing shake-up amid rising anxieties over the investigation into his campaign's ties to Russia. More >> A top communications aide to President Donald Trump is exiting the White House as the embattled president considers a broader staffing shake-up amid rising anxieties over the investigation into his campaign's ties to Russia.More >> Hat brand Kangol returns jobs to US, finds itself struggling Hat brand Kangol returns jobs to US, finds itself struggling If home is where you hang your hat, Kangol is struggling to afford its pricey new US digs More >> If home is where you hang your hat, Kangol is struggling to afford its pricey new US digsMore >> Nancy Pelosi says Trump should respect others, honor facts Nancy Pelosi says Trump should respect others, honor facts U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi says President Donald Trump should channel more of his White House predecessors by respecting other people's points of view and adhering to facts More >> U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi says President Donald Trump should channel more of his White House predecessors by respecting other people's points of view and adhering to factsMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Walmart To Begin Testing Associate Delivery - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Walmart To Begin Testing Associate Delivery Posted: Friday, June 2, 2017 5:52 PM EDT Updated: Friday, June 2, 2017 5:53 PM EDT JORDAN TIDWELL BENTONVILLE, AR -- Walmart announced on Thursday (June 1) that they will begin testing associate delivery. This announcement comes during a Role of Digital at Walmart meeting during Walmart Shareholders Week. The new delivery system will get online orders to customers' doors using Walmart associates. Walmart said the test program will cut shipping costs and get the packages to their destinations faster. President and CEO of Walmart E-Commerce Marc Lore said this program is optional for the associates. "Imagine hundreds of associates they live all around different neighborhoods around the Walmart," he said. "We take the packages and say okay this associate lives over here and they're going to drive this way. Here's one one along the route." Delivery trucks will be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to the final destination, where an associate can sign up to deliver the items to the customer's house. Walmart spokesperson Danit Marquardt said this gives associates a way to earn extra income on their drive home. With this test program, most packages are delivered the day after the customer places the order. Amazon has something similar, as they offer same-day delivery services in a lot of locations across the country. "This is, you know, an interesting test and a great test that we are doing to ultimately leverage our unique assets including our stores, our fulfillment networks and our group of associates," she said. Associates will be able to choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of each package and which days they are able to make deliveries. Walmart developed an app for this that allows the associates to put in their address and it gives them packages they can deliver on their commute route. "Imagine in the future the possibilities once this network is built out," Lore said. "It allows people to deliver products that are already in the store, fresh or whatever the same day to customers." Walmart is testing this delivery system in three stores, two in New Jersey and one in Northwest Arkansas. KFSM TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Classifieds Place an Ad Homes Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 65° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Clear. Tonight A clear sky. Low 59F. Winds NNW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 10:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close 1 of 4 Jason Ivester Greg Penner, left, board chairman, speaks alongside Jim Walton, Alice Walton and Rob Walton for the presentation of the Sam Walton Award during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Gwen Stefani performs during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Walmart CEO Doug McMillon talks about employee Willie Perkins during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Walmart CEO Doug McMillon speaks during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) AP Walmart touts investment in people, technology as advantages By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO Associated Press Jun 2, 2017 Updated Jun 2, 2017 0 Jason Ivester Greg Penner, left, board chairman, speaks alongside Jim Walton, Alice Walton and Rob Walton for the presentation of the Sam Walton Award during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Gwen Stefani performs during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Walmart CEO Doug McMillon talks about employee Willie Perkins during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Walmart CEO Doug McMillon speaks during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) — Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company's investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders' meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company's investments in higher wages and training for its employees. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn't fear increasing automation in the industry. "No doubt our work will be different in the future —robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do," he continued. "Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don't think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we'll be able to learn, grow and change together." A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. "We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology," he said. But when or if that would happen is "to be determined." Walmart's moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn't remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company's online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world's largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company's efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and "Jet Fresh" delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company's acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. "The historic trade-off between price and service doesn't really exist anymore," McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies, located at Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. "I'm really excited about the environment that we're creating for people to learn," McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart's U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It's also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon's popular Prime plan. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping "free," given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. "I don't think you should have to pay for free shipping," he said. Walmart's financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But "too many of us are still part-time," she said. "Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can't plan our lives, or line up a second job." Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. "Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children," Davis said. Jeff Gearhart, executive vice president of global governance, said that last year Walmart converted 150,000 part timers to full-time work. And 200,000 were promoted to positions of greater pay or more responsibility. ___ D'Innocenzio reported from New York. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business Technology × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: Coulee Bank plans to expand into Holmen Creekside Grill & Pub opens in former Fieldhouse location Gasterland to succeed Sturm as Coulee Bank CEO next spring Local officials are optimistic about summer tourism season Convenience store Dawa agrees to change name after Wawa suit Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide Bike Trail Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Obituaries Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 68° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Mostly clear. Tonight Mostly clear. Low 59F. Winds light and variable. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 10:55 pm Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports Close 1 of 4 Jason Ivester Greg Penner, left, board chairman, speaks alongside Jim Walton, Alice Walton and Rob Walton for the presentation of the Sam Walton Award during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Gwen Stefani performs during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Walmart CEO Doug McMillon talks about employee Willie Perkins during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Walmart CEO Doug McMillon speaks during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) AP Walmart touts investment in people, technology as advantages By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO Associated Press Jun 2, 2017 Updated Jun 2, 2017 0 Jason Ivester Greg Penner, left, board chairman, speaks alongside Jim Walton, Alice Walton and Rob Walton for the presentation of the Sam Walton Award during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Gwen Stefani performs during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Walmart CEO Doug McMillon talks about employee Willie Perkins during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Walmart CEO Doug McMillon speaks during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) — Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company's investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders' meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company's investments in higher wages and training for its employees. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn't fear increasing automation in the industry. "No doubt our work will be different in the future —robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do," he continued. "Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don't think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we'll be able to learn, grow and change together." A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. "We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology," he said. But when or if that would happen is "to be determined." Walmart's moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn't remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company's online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world's largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company's efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and "Jet Fresh" delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company's acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. "The historic trade-off between price and service doesn't really exist anymore," McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies, located at Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. "I'm really excited about the environment that we're creating for people to learn," McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart's U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It's also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon's popular Prime plan. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping "free," given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. "I don't think you should have to pay for free shipping," he said. Walmart's financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But "too many of us are still part-time," she said. "Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can't plan our lives, or line up a second job." Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. "Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children," Davis said. Jeff Gearhart, executive vice president of global governance, said that last year Walmart converted 150,000 part timers to full-time work. And 200,000 were promoted to positions of greater pay or more responsibility. ___ D'Innocenzio reported from New York. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business Technology × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. More sports headlines Muscatine softball sweeps triple-header at L-M tournament Wilton boys golf finishes ninth at state; Durant's Leo Callison places 32nd in individual standings Inability to score knocks Columbus Community out of substate final Nolan Osland delivers dramatic walk-off single in Muskie home opener Local roundup: Burkamper falls to Iowa More on this topic South Korea plans $10 billion extra budget to create jobs Q&A: Internet extremism and how to combat it Montana worker shortage starts to pinch state's employers Insider Q&A: Drug industry learns to listen to patients Convenience store Dawa agrees to change name after Wawa suit Local Companies | FindTheCompany Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Most Popular Morgan ready to take on 'dream job' as Muscatine athletic director Highway 61 traffic cam turned off while Muscatine appeals court ruling Muscatine police looking for information in assault investigation Lynne Weber 4 construction projects to know about in Muscatine area this month Longtime waitress spreads her wings to open Birdsley's Diner Council votes to regulate fireworks sales and use Nursing home officials say facilities are suffering because of new regulations 10 years later: Muscatine, Fruitland residents remember 2007 tornado Police identify body found in Mississippi River as missing Clinton woman Currents Features Parents really do play favorites, study shows Parenting The most popular baby names for children of the '80s Parenting How popular is your name now? LeBron's brilliance not enough in Game 2 loss to Warriors Curry, Durant lead Warriors to 2-0 lead with 132-113 rout Happ's 2 HRs, Jay's RBI single lead Cubs over Cardinals 7-6 The Latest: Warriors beat Cavs 132-113, take 2-0 Finals lead Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania.com Topics & Features Obituaries e-Edition Weather Contact us River levels Online features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
SUBSCRIBE NOW$.56 a week Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 27 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Walmart touts traditional retailing roots as advantage Walmart bucks trend and increases in-store and online sales Post to Facebook Walmart touts traditional retailing roots as advantage Walmart bucks trend and increases in-store and online sales  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2szc8um {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Walmart touts traditional retailing roots as advantage Christopher S. Rugaber and Anne D'Innocenzio, Associated Press Writers Published 5:17 p.m. ET June 2, 2017 | Updated 5:21 p.m. ET June 2, 2017 Walmart CEO Doug McMillon talks about employee Willie Perkins during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Photo: Jason Ivester / AP) 27 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Fayetteville, Ark. — Walmart CEO Doug McMillon is touting the company’s traditional retailing roots as a competitive advantage as it seeks to take sales away from online giant Amazon at a time of industry upheaval. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders’ meeting, McMillon highlighted a range of approaches Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also made serious investments in its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites. McMillon and other executives also highlighted the company’s investments in higher wages and training for its employees. “We will compete with technology, but win with people,” McMillon told a cheering audience. “We will be people-led and tech-empowered.” The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as Walmart’s moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. Walmart’s online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world’s largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world as well as shareholders, analysts and several members of the founding Walton family. Gwen Stefani, Mary J. Blige, Ne-Yo and The Band Perry performed while Blake Shelton, Stefani’s boyfriend and co-star from “The Voice,” served as host. Gwen Stefani performs during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark.  (Photo: Jason Ivester / AP) McMillon highlighted the company’s efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and “Jet Fresh” delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company’s acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. “The historic trade-off between price and service doesn’t really exist anymore,” McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations about employees excelling at their jobs, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. Both comments prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But “too many of us are still part-time,” she said. “Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can’t plan our lives, or line up a second job.” Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. “Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children,” Davis said. Blake Jackson, a Walmart spokesman, said the company’s leave policies for hourly workers are significantly better than most of the industry. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company also spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart’s U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and Moosejaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It’s also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon’s popular Prime plan. Wal-Mart’s financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers, including department stores wrestling with weak sales. Target, a key rival, is trying to turn around a string of quarterly declines for a key sales measure and customer traffic. As a result, investors have been drawn to Walmart’s shares. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. 27 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2szc8um TOP VIDEOS Impressions of Wednesday's Mackinac Conference 6:41 Flyover of the Little Caesars Arena neighborhood 0:38 Spirit airlines unveils new maintenance hangar at DTW 1:24 Raw video: Taking a hot lap on Belle Isle 3:58 Little Caesars world headquarters hosts 'topping out' ceremony 1:33 Entrepreneur/actor Hill Harper an admirer of Detroit 2:55 Construction continues on M-59 1:51 Packard site owner: 'We will not fail' 2:56 QLine prepares for its debut 1:35 Patterson concerned about job skills gap 2:51
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video State high court ruling on death penalty could restart executions High Times Cannabis Cup gives Wine Country different weekend buzz Trump may not try to block Comey testimony California's 'green rush' draws Hmong immigrants News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Mexico ruling party has preliminary lead in key state vote Cosby's image as father, family man on the line at sex trial Quick count gives lead to ruling party in key Mexico State 4 nations cut diplomatic ties to Qatar as Gulf rift deepens Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Warriors’ Attles wins lifetime achievement award Names & Faces: Evel Knievel, Novak Djokovic With Kerr back on bench, Warriors cruise to Game 2 win SF’s Chris Mocko wins marathon in Ireland Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF Airbnb hosts more likely to reject the disabled, a study finds Move hat making into a US factory? Easier said than done Job growth stumbles in May Blue Apron meal kit delivery service files for IPO A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do Rhino’s ‘Priscilla’ keeps Bay Area chintz alive The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife Tia Carrere reprises ‘Wayne’s World’ role for Clusterfest Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer 5 amazing food adventures Our favorite places for doughnuts in the Bay Area Where to find free doughnuts in the Bay Area Here's a photo of Lebron James ordering a bunch of food at The Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Summer Camp Guide Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Our favorite Bay Area Instagram photos from May Stunning floral decor for your next outdoor party Town debates whether teens who mow lawns should pay $110 for Yosemite's newest thrill: Running through a 'dangerous' waterfall Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: The Hideaway, Carmel One Day, One Place: Covering the waterfront, Monterey style SFO getting more flights to New Orleans Cold rush: Larger fleet sails for Alaskan waters Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Home in the heart of the city Small cottage on huge lot for $1.195 million in Corona Heights Sweet Orinda home goes pending in 8 days Berkeley’s Oaks Theatre hits the market at $4.25 million Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Short-lived marque lets broker fulfill college dream 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Live life after graduation debt free Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Walmart-touts-traditional-retail-roots-as-11192282.php Walmart touts traditional retail roots as advantage By Christopher S. Rugaber and Anne D’Innocenzio Published 2:26 pm, Friday, June 2, 2017 FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. — Walmart CEO Doug McMillon is touting the company’s traditional retailing roots as a competitive advantage as it seeks to take sales away from Amazon at a time of industry upheaval. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders’ meeting, McMillon highlighted a range of approaches Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also made investments in its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites. McMillon and other executives also highlighted the company’s investments in higher wages and training for its employees. Latest business videos “We will compete with technology, but win with people,” McMillon told a cheering audience.”We will be people-led and tech-empowered.” The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as Walmart’s moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. Walmart’s online sales grew as it tinkered with shipping offers and other services, and the retailer drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world’s largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the 11th straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the 10th quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Walmart workers from around the world as well as shareholders, analysts and several members of the founding Walton family. Gwen Stefani, Mary J. Blige, Ne-Yo and the Band Perry performed while Blake Shelton served as host. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. Both comments prompted cheers from the employees. McMillon highlighted the company’s efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and Jet Fresh delivery, which provides grocery delivery in one or two days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company’s acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. “The historic trade-off between price and service doesn’t really exist anymore,” McMillon said. Wal-Mart’s financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. As a result, investors have been drawn to Walmart shares, which have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Christopher S. Rugaber and Anne D’Innocenzio are Associated Press writers. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. NBA FINALS GAME 2: WARRIORS VS. CAVS With Kerr back on bench, Warriors cruise to Game 2 win Warriors practice becomes A-List event for celebrities 4-year-old Warriors fan is a dead ringer for Steph Curry Guy Fieri brings Flavortown to Game 2, poses with E-40 LeBron has a monster game in losing effort Scenes from Game 2 include Santana's anthem, other celebs LATEST NEWS Putin, Megyn Kelly have heated exchange over Trump-Russia Man dies after being knifed following fight on bus Photo shows man casually mowing lawn with tornado nearby Unusual June rain could soak Bay Area this week CNN host rebuked for comment to spelling-bee champion Trump plays golf with Manning, angering some on Twitter Internet hunts man who allegedly hit people at Berkeley rally California's 'green rush' draws Hmong immigrants Nobody wants this $29 million mansion near SF's 'Billionaire Row' SF's most expensive house: This $40M modern masterpiece Zillow predicts price decreases in these SF neighborhoods $2.895 million flat in Telegraph Hill Climber makes chilling, unroped ascent of El Capitan Yosemite's newest thrill: Running through a 'dangerous' waterfall 50 'old' movies every young person needs to watch The worst film each year since 1967 Mother paralyzed by tree branch in SF struggles after accident Family of woman badly hurt by branch awaits SF’s help TODAY'S TOP PICKS Famous Bay Area authors' must-read books and lesser-known gems Fun times during the first two days of Clusterfest Alec Baldwin’s advice to Kathy Griffin on Trump brouhaha Most Popular 1 Photo shows man casually mowing the lawn with massive tornado... 2 Unusual June rain could soak Bay Area this week 3 Nobody wants this mansion near San Francisco's 'Billionaire... 4 Climber, without rope, conquers Yosemite’s El Capitan 5 CNN host assumed an Indian-American spelling-bee champion... 6 Opinion: With his London tweets, Trump embarrasses himself -... 7 Man dies after being knifed following fight on bus in Oakley 8 Celebrities want to see the Golden State Warriors any way they... 9 With Kerr back on bench, Warriors cruise to Game 2 win 10 Steve Kerr returns to Warriors’ bench for Game 2 View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Skip to content comics cosplay tv/film games Submit tip Contact CGC Insider Search for: Home > Games > Hasbro Has A Slew Of New Transformers: The Last Knight Robots Coming Hasbro Has A Slew Of New Transformers: The Last Knight Robots Coming Posted by Jeremy Konrad June 2, 2017 5 Comments Transformers: The Last Night is coming to theaters June 21, and as one would imagine, plenty of toys are coming as well. While initial waves have already hit stores, there are plentiful amounts of others on the way. Personally, I can’t wait to get my hands on Skullitron and Nitro. AND LOOK AT THAT CYBERTRON PLANET!!! Looks like most of the stores exclusives will be coming to Walmart and Toys R Us as well. Here, straight from Hasbro themselves, are descriptions and many, many pics of them all: TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT PREMIER EDITION DELUXE CLASS COGMAN Figure (Ages 8 years & up/Approx. Retail Price: $19.99/Available: Summer 2017) The TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT PREMIER EDITION DELUXE FIGURE assortment features a lineup of highly articulated, 5.5-inch-scale figures of fan-favorite AUTOBOT and DECEPTICON characters. One of the latest figures in the PREMIER EDITION DELUXE FIGURE assortment is the AUTOBOT COGMAN.  COGMAN might look like a welcoming butler, but if a DECEPTICON attacks those he protects, the calculating AUTOBOT will strike back with colossal retaliation.  Offering impressive detail inspired by the movie, COGMAN converts from robot mode to sports car mode, Licensed by Aston Martin, in 16 steps.  This PREMIER EDITION DELUXE figure can be positioned in exciting, battle ready poses and features an awesome movie-inspired accessory and removable Titan Master head.  Available at most major retailers and on HasbroToyShop.com. TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT PREMIER EDITION DELUXE CLASS MEGATRON AND SKULLITRON (Ages 8 years & up/Approx. Retail Price: $19.99/Available: Summer 2017) The TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT PREMIER EDITION DELUXE figures are the perfect way for fans to join in the epic TRANSFORMERS action. The latest characters in this scale include MEGATRON and SKULLITRON.  In the explosive TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT movie, new evil rises in an epic struggle for the fate of Earth and new heroes must rise to forge a future for all.  As MEGATRON leads the DECEPTICONS to wage war on Earth, SKULLITRON charges back into action to uphold his sacred knight’s oath.  These 5.5-inch-scale PREMIER EDITION DELUXE figures can be positioned in exciting, battle ready poses and feature an awesome movie-inspired accessory.  MEGATRON converts between robot and jet modes in 19 steps, and SKULLITRON converts between knight and dragon modes in 17 steps.  MISSION TO CYBERTRON figures feature CYBERTRONIAN glyphs and mission cards that can be deciphered with an online decoder at Transformers.com/MissionToCybertron.  Each figure comes with one accessory. Available exclusively at Toys”R”Us. TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT PREMIER EDITION DELUXE CLASS HOT ROD Figure (Ages 8 years & up/Approx. Retail Price: $19.99/Available: Summer 2017) Rally alongside the bravest bots in the universe when the Autobots Unite. Autobots Unite figures feature the greatest Autobot heroes from Transformers: The Last Knight movie. This TRANSFORMERS PREMIER EDITION DELUXE HOT ROD figure is articulated with eye-catching detail.  In the explosive TRANSFOMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT movie, the greatest AUTOBOT heroes unite to protect the freedom of all sentient beings. AUTOBOT HOT ROD doesn’t look back at the battles he’s won, only the feats yet to come. The brash warrior charges full force into a DECEPTICON firefight, eager to encounter his next chance to be a hero and inspire his fellow comrades to join the fight.  This 5.5-inch-scale, movie inspired AUTOBOT HOT ROD converts to Lamborghini Centenario vehicle mode in 14 steps.  Available exclusively at Walmart. TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT PREMIER EDITION LEADER CLASS DRAGONSTORM Figure (Ages 8 years & up/Approx. Retail Price: $49.99/Available: Summer 2017) In the explosive TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT movie, new heroes must rise in an epic struggle to forge a future for all. As colossal forces threaten the universe, Knights of CYBERTRON, DRAGONICUS and STORMREIGN, merge to become an even greater one—the mighty, fire-breathing DRAGONSTORM!  The action is now at a bigger scale for fans and collectors alike with the DRAGONSTORM figure, the latest figure from the PREMIER EDITION LEADER CLASS assortment, which stands at a 9-inch-scale with premium detail, intricate articulation and eye-catching packaging. Convert DRAGONICUS from knight to dragon mode in 26 steps. Convert STORMREIGN from knight to dragon mode in 27 steps. Combine DRAGONICUS and STORMREIGN to form the 3-headed DRAGONSTORM figure in five easy steps. Also comes with accessories. Available at most major retailers and on HasbroToyShop.com.  TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT PREMIER EDITION VOYAGER CLASS DECEPTICON NITRO Figure (Ages 8 years & up/Approx. Retail Price: $29.99/Available: Summer 2017) In the explosive TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT movie, new evil will rise in an epic struggle where the fate of Earth hangs in balance. The only way to contain massive power of DECEPTICON NITRO is to lock him away… A tracking specialist and high-risk criminal, the DECEPTICONS turn to NITRO to find their most valuable targets. The lethal hunter scours the globe to trap his prey and turn them over to the clutches of his merciless leader, MEGATRON. Grab a piece of the movie action with the DECEPTICON NITRO figure, the latest figure from the TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT PREMIER EDITION VOYAGER CLASS assortment, which is designed with eye-catching detail and features complex conversions. The DECEPTICON NITRO figure converts from robot to jet mode in 35 steps and comes with awesome weapon accessories. Available at most major retailers and on HasbroToyShop.com.   TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT 1-STEP TURBO CHANGER AUTOBOTS UNITE 2-Figure Pack (Ages 5 and up/Approx. Retail Price: $14.99/Available: Summer 2017) In the exciting TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT film, the greatest AUTOBOT heroes unite to protect the freedom of all sentient beings. BUMBLEBEE and AUTOBOT HOT ROD brave challenges that many bots won’t dare to face. Standing as powerful warriors on their own, they unite to become the brothers in arms. Together, they are an unstoppable force on the battlefield, destined for DECEPTICON domination! In this TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT 1-STEP TURBO CHANGER AUTOBOTS UNITE 2-Figure Pack, BUMBLEBEE and HOT ROD unite! Experience the thrill of quick conversion with these 4.25 inch scale figures that switch modes in one exciting motion. Convert the BUMBLEBEE figure from robot to Chevrolet Camaro vehicle in one step, and convert the HOT ROD figure from robot to sports car in one step! Available exclusively at Walmart.    TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT MISSION TO CYBERTRON INFERNOCUS 5-BOT COMBINER Figure (Ages 8 and up/Approx. Retail Price: $34.99/Available: Summer 2017) In TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT, new evil rises in a battle where the fate of Earth hangs in the balance. In the dark depths of the universe, five revolting INFERNOCON demons seethe with fiery strength to protect the mysterious sorceress, QUINTESSA. When threats approach, they combine to form a cindering force of infernal fury—the menacing INFERNOCUS. The MISSION TO CYBERTRON is on with the 5-BOT COMBINER INFERNOCUS Figure, featuring a translucent QUINTESSA figure. The pack features five INFERNOCON figures including SKULK, RUPTURE, INFERNOCON THRASH, GORGE and GLUG. Combine them to form an INFERNOCUS figure, inspired by the character from TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT. MISSION TO CYBERTRON figures feature CYBERTRONIAN glyphs and mission cards that can be deciphered with an online decoder at Transformers.com/MissionToCybertron. The five INFERNOCON figures convert in 4 to 14 steps and also comes with two exciting weapon accessories. Available exclusively at Toys”R”Us.   TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT MISSION TO CYBERTRON CONVERTING CYBERTRON PLANET Figure (Ages 8 and up/Approx. Retail Price: $149.99/Available: Summer 2017) The MISSION TO CYBERTRON is on in TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT with this CONVERTING CYBERTRON PLANET Figure. CYBERTRON is a massive, converting planet forged from a mighty and legendary spark. Home to eons of TRANSFORMERS, he rests in planet mode, until combat so colossal erupts that CYBERTRON awakens again… The CYBERTRON PLANET figure is an impressive, 11-inch-scale figure that’s detailed with famous cities of CYBERTRON and converts between robot, attack, defense and planet modes in 18 steps. Activate lights, sounds, and weapon accessories with lock and key included in the pack. The CYBERTRON PLANET figure features glyph deco and cards that can be deciphered with the decoder available online at Transformers.com/MissionToCybertron. Available exclusively at Toys”R”Us. TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT MISSION TO CYBERTRON DELUXE OPTIMUS PRIME 2-Pack (Ages 8 and up/Approx. Retail Price: $39.99/Available: Summer 2017) To protect Earth and its human inhabitants, OPTIMUS PRIME hides in truck mode until the evil DECEPTICONS attack. On his home planet, he valiantly faces enemies in CYBERTRON truck mode, designed to navigate across the evolving metal planet and protect him from powerful CYBERTRONIAN forces. The MISSION TO CYBERTRON is on in TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT with this DELUXE 2-Pack, including OPTIMUS PRIME and CYBERTRON OPTIMUS PRIME figures. Change the OPTIMUS PRIME figure from robot to truck mode in 12 steps, and convert the CYBERTRON OPTIMUS PRIME figure from robot to CYBERTRONIAN truck mode in 13 steps. Each figure comes with its own awesome weapon accessory. MISSION TO CYBERTRON figures feature glyph deco and cards that can be deciphered with the decoder available online at Transformers.com/MissionToCybertron. Available exclusively at Toys”R”Us.   TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT LEGION CLASS AUTOBOT HOT ROD Figure (Ages 6 years & up/Approx. Retail Price: $5.99/Available: Summer 2017) In TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT, the greatest AUTOBOT heroes unite to protect the freedom of all sentient beings. When it comes time for battle, AUTOBOT HOT ROD is the first to charge full force into a DECEPTICON firefight. The brash warrior doesn’t look back on his past feats, only the challenges yet to come. Eager to inspire his fellow comrades to join the fight, AUTOBOT HOT ROD proves time and time again that courage trumps all. Rally alongside the bravest bots in the universe when the AUTOBOTS unite! The LEGION CLASS AUTOBOT HOT ROD Figure is inspired by the fan-favorite character in the TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT movie. The figure is made with eye-catching detail and stands at a 3-inch scale with classic TRANSFORMERS conversion. Convert this HOT ROD figure between robot and sports car in five easy steps! Available exclusively at Walmart.   TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT MISSION TO CYBERTRON LEGION CLASS 2-Pack Assortment (Ages 8 and up/Approx. Retail Price: $9.99/Available: Summer 2017) The TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT movie is an explosive battle featuring new heroes battling in an epic struggle to forge a future for all, and these MISSION TO CYBERTRON LEGION CLASS 2-Pack Assortment figures allow kids to unite with some of the powerful warriors from the movie! The TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT MISSION TO CYBERTRON LEGION CLASS 2-Pack Assortment features a variety of AUTOBOT hero and DECEPTICON villain duos: BUMBLEBEE and AUTOBOT HOT ROD, OPTIMUS PRIME and RAVENSPAR and MEGATRON and BERSERKER. The 3-inch-scale figures feature classic conversion between modes, basic articulation and movie-inspired detail. Each sold separately.  Available exclusively at Walmart. TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT MISSION TO CYBERTRON LEGION CLASS 2-Pack Assortment (Ages 8 and up/Approx. Retail Price: $11.99/Available: Summer 2017) The TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT movie is an explosive battle featuring new heroes battling in an epic struggle to forge a future for all, and these MISSION TO CYBERTRON LEGION CLASS 2-Pack Assortment figures allow kids to unite with some of the powerful warriors from the movie! The TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT MISSION TO CYBERTRON LEGION CLASS 2-Pack Assortment features the AUTOBOT hero and DECEPTICON villain duos: OPTIMUS PRIME and GRIMLOCK and BUMBLEBEE and MEGATRON. The 3-inch-scale figures feature classic conversion between modes, basic articulation and movie-inspired detail.  MISSION TO CYBERTRON figures also feature glyph deco and cards that can be deciphered with the decoder available online at Transformers.com/MissionToCybertron. Each sold separately. Available exclusively at Toys”R”Us. TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT AUTOBOTS UNITE FLIP & CHANGE Figures (Ages 6 years & up/Approx. Retail Price: $19.99/Available: Summer 2017) In the explosive TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT movie, the greatest AUTOBOT heroes unite to protect the freedom of all sentient beings. AUTOBOT HOT ROD is the first to battle, and the last to leave. BUMBLEBEE leads the rally cry for the AUTOBOT brotherhood. Both AUTOBOT leaders take full force into the fight with no questions asked and will stop at nothing to defend the freedom of their fellow AUTOBOTS. Rally alongside the bravest bots in the universe when the AUTOBOTS unite! The AUTOBOTS UNITE FLIP & CHANGE Assortment includes fan-favorite characters from TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT—AUTOBOT HOT ROD and BUMBLEBEE. The figures are designed with eye catching detail and converts in quick, flip and change motions. AUTOBOT HOT ROD and BUMBLEBEE both convert between robot and sports car in two steps. To convert each figure between robot and sports car, swing arms out, flip legs upward and flip torso downward in a quick, 2-step flip and change motion. Each sold separately. Available exclusively at Walmart. (Last Updated June 2, 2017 4:01 pm ) Further Reading Transformers: The Last Knight Final Trailer (Maybe) Transformers: The Last Knight To Make Death Of Your Childhood Quick And Painless, Says Michael Bay Nerd Food: Transformers Roll Out! Transformers Slush From Sonic Two New TV Spots For Transformers: The Last Knight Yet Another 'Transformers: The Last Knight' Trailer Report: Travis Knight To Direct Transformers Bumblebee Spinoff Over 100+ Pictures of New Hasbro Transformers Figures Today In Pop Culture For June 2: Dead Poets Society, Babe Ruth, Honky Tonk Man, Tekken 7, National Donut Day, And More! Nintendo Still On The Fence About Giving You A Virtual Console On The Switch About the Author Latest Posts Contact About Jeremy Konrad Jeremy Konrad loves Star Wars and collecting action figures and collectibles. He also watches wrestling, maybe more than Jude Terror. Follow him on Twitter @jeremyohio Today In Pop Culture For June 4: Minecraft, Sex Pistols, Sandy Kofax, Wrath Of Khan, Gorilla Monsoon, And More! - June 4, 2017 NECA Alien Figure Exclusive For SDCC 2017 Is Totally Awesome. Cowabunga! - June 3, 2017 Today In Pop Culture For June 3: Big, Casey At The Bat, Elder Scrolls, Cerebus, TNA, Star Tours, And More! - June 3, 2017 Hasbro Has A Slew Of New Transformers: The Last Knight Robots Coming - June 2, 2017 Today In Pop Culture For June 2: Dead Poets Society, Babe Ruth, Honky Tonk Man, Tekken 7, National Donut Day, And More! - June 2, 2017View All Posts Contact Author Name First Last Email* Your Message Author Name Author Email Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Comments Recently Commented A Few Marvel Creators Acknowledge The Incredible Amazon Kindle Deals On Their Comics 11m Fixing The Wonder Woman Costume (UPDATED) 15m The Amazons In ‘Wonder Woman’ Could Kick Your Ass In Real Life 32m EW Quietly Confirms ‘Jessica Jones’, ‘Daredevil’, And ‘Luke Cage’ For 2018 38m Representation Matters: Chief From ‘Wonder Woman’ Is Awesome 1h Following 2016 Troubles, Wizard World Posts Big 2017 Q1 Loss Latest Trailer For Preacher’s Season 2: A Road Trip To Find God Massive Marvel Amazon Glitchwatch: Kindle Collections Up To 90% Off – Guardians, X-Men, Spider-Man, Black Panther, Avengers, Squirrel Girl And More Rainbow Rowell And Kris Anka To Bring Back Runaways (And Gert) At Marvel In September [UPDATED] First Trailer For ‘Murder On The Orient Express’ Arrives The 14 Free Comic Book Day 2017 Comics That Retailers Can Still Order ‘Kerbal Space Program’ Now In The Hands Of ‘GTAV’ Publishers Writer’s Commentary – Erik Burnham Talks KISS: Forever GWAR’s Beefcake The Mighty Comments On Kathy Griffin/Donald Trump Controversy, Teases New Album Will DC’s Dark Nights: Metal Catch A Digital Code? comics cosplay tv/film games Forum
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Fight for JK House: Gloves are off as Singhanias brace for AGM bout Business Standard Wal-Mart, IBM oppose US exit from Paris deal, but will stay on WH panel Business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles Reuters  |  Washington  June 3, 2017 Last Updated at 09:12 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWPo0I A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest US retailer, said on Friday that the comapny will remain on the business council. (Photo: Reuters) ALSO READ How bad could Trump's Paris deal pull out be? A scientist's perspective 15th-century Chinese sailors have a lesson for Trump about climate policy Will the Paris Agreement still be able to deliver after the US withdrawal? Trump's move to withdraw from Paris accord cedes global leadership to China Time for China and Europe to lead, as Trump dumps the Paris climate deal Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Read More On Us Companies | Donald Trump | Trump Paris Deal | Climate Change | Trump Climate Change | Jp Morgan | Ibm | Walmart | Donald Trump Paris Agreement | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Wal-Mart, IBM oppose US exit from Paris deal, but will stay on WH panel Business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Wal-Mart, IBM oppose US exit from Paris deal, but will stay on WH panel Business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Continue to site >> Action Alerts PLUS Access AAP Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Real Money Access RM 25 Rules of Investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Cramer Mad Money ETFs Futures Markets Much More Banks Biotech Retail Tech Personal Finance Retirement Financial Advisor Center How to Spend Options Fixed Income Video DJIA NASDAQ S&P 500 Market Data updated Sign In Your Membership(s) Your Account Account Preferences Alerts Newsletters Subscribe Logout Subscribe Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you. Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club Compare All Walmart Just Revealed These Crazy Futuristic Things It's Testing to Pummel Amazon Lindsay Rittenhouse Jun 4, 2017 1:30 PM EDT Walmart (WMT) may soon be no match for Amazon (AMZN) , within the retail space, anyway. "Today, together, we're building a new Walmart," Doug McMillon, Walmart president and CEO, said at the company's annual shareholders meeting on Friday. The grandiose event brought Walmart executives, employees, partners, investors and even celebrities, like singers, songwriters and The Voice hosts Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton, under one roof to discuss the company's recent progress and where it still needs work. Stefani and Shelton, of course, did not participate in company discussions. At the meeting, McMillon revealed some more of the futuristic inventions Walmart is beginning to test at its stores, and it's almost daunting how progressive some of them are. First, Walmart is testing an automated pickup tower at five stores in Arkansas, Detroit, Houston, Atlanta and North Carolina. The tower allows customers, who choose to order something online and have it sent to a store, to pickup their purchase seamlessly, company spokeswoman Anne Hatfield told TheStreet. READ MORE: Walmart Is Loved on Wall Street, But a Deeper Dive Shows the Love Might Stop There Hatfield said the 16-foot tower can hold up to 300 small to mid-size packages and all customers have to do is walk up to it (its doors automatically open when it senses a person approach), use the screen to scan their mobile receipt's bar code and the tower disburses the package. Marc Lore, chief executive of Walmart eCommerce U.S., at the company's shareholders meeting. "It's pretty darn cool," Hatfield said. The tower is loaded by employees and is used for packages that generally are around the size of a microwave. For larger items, customers still have to go to the pickup counter to get their package. McMillon also revealed at Friday's meeting that he envisions a Walmart that will eliminate the checkout process altogether. That shift would likely see checkout counters replaced by Scan and Go technology. "We have started to invent the future of shopping again," McMillon said. Plus, Marc Lore, chief executive of Walmart eCommerce U.S., reiterated that Walmart is testing same-day shipping at the meeting. He had previously revealed this to TheStreet in an exclusive interview. "I'm looking forward to shaping the future of retail," Lore said. In what seemed to be an obvious jab at Amazon, Lore said Walmart is "empowering our customers to shop smarter" by offering various ways they can get discounts when they shop online and that its own shipping service carries "no membership fee." To get next-day shipping at Amazon, users have to pay for the Prime membership which costs $99 annually. Under Lore's leadership, which came with Walmart's August acquisition of his e-commerce company Jet.com, Walmart saw its online sales spike 63% in the first quarter. On Thursday, Walmart announced that it started testing a new delivery method that uses employees to deliver online purchases to customers' homes. The move expands on the retailer's Pickup Discount, announced in April, which offers customers the option to get a discount on certain items they buy online if they pick it up at a local store. Customers can still take advantage of Walmart's free two-day shipping, of course. Shares of Walmart closed slightly down to $79.62. Click here for the latest business headlines. Editor's Pick: Originally published June 2. If you liked this article you might like Future of Walmart Looks Like It Will Include Making Life Hell for Hated Rival Amazon Game on for Walmart. Brian Sozzi Jun 4, 2017 8:00 PM EDT This Chart Perfectly Shows How Amazon Is Absolutely Embarrassing Every Single Retailer Alive Amazon is crushing it. Brian Sozzi Jun 4, 2017 2:40 PM EDT Walmart Can Make Amazon Look Bad Like in wrestling, Walmart can turn into the good guy. Ed Ponsi Jun 4, 2017 2:00 PM EDT Trending 22 Large Retailers Besides J.C. Penney Are Closing Waves of Stores U.S. Stock Futures Tumble After London Terrorist Attack 10 Cool Features We'll Likely See on the $1,000 Apple iPhone Sense8, The Get Down and 5 Other Canceled Netflix Originals This Revolution Could Send Goodyear Tire's Stock Surging More Than 50%, Says Analyst Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
jezebel Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root Video TWSS The Muse Pictorial The Slot Dirt Bag Shade Court barf bag Walmart Accused of Punishing Workers for Sick Days, Miscarriages, and Pregnancy Hazel CillsFriday 11:40am Filed to: Walmart Pregnancy Discrimination 188 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Image via Getty A new report from the workers advocacy group A Better Balance alleges that Walmart consistently punishes employees for taking sick days, even if they have proper documentation from doctors. According to the New York Times, A Better Balance has reportedly filed a complaint and a lawsuit against Walmart claiming that the company discriminates against pregnant workers and is violating the Disabilities Act and the Pregnancy Discrimination Act, both of which were disputed by the company. In a NYT interview the cashier Katie Orzehowski, who works at a Walmart in North Huntingdon, Pennsylvania, recounted trying to excuse missed shifts due to a miscarriage last fall using doctors’ notes and hospital records with no success. She had to go back to work out of fear of being fired, even though she was still bleeding. Advertisement According to Orzehowski, managers and supervisors “straight up tell you, ‘we don’t accept excuses,’” even though Walmart has written guidelines for how employers should respond to medical absences. According to the New York Times Walmart has not reviewed the report, which includes a survey of over 1,000 employees, but disputes the claims. “We understand that associates may have to miss work on occasion, and we have processes in place to assist them” a spokesman for Walmart Randy Hargrove told the newspaper. This is far from the first time that Walmart has been criticized and sued for mistreating employees. In 2001 the company was sued for sexual discrimination. In 2012 Walmart was fined by the Labor Department for denying workers overtime and the company was sued in 2015 for the same reason. The company has also been accused of wage theft several times. Recommended Stories How ModCloth Strayed From Its Feminist Beginnings and Ended Up a Walmart Property Wal-Mart to Close 154 U.S. Stores, Impacting Roughly 10,000 Workers Wal-Mart Women's Fight Is Far From Over Hazel Cills hazel.cills@jezebel.com @hazelcills Pop Culture Reporter, Jezebel You may also like Jezebel Rebel Wilson's Defamation Trial Continues With Accusations of Interview Lies, and a Fixation on Disney Friday 11:20am Jezebel Trial Begins for The Word of Faith Fellowship, Which Allegedly Tried to Violently 'Exorcise' Gay Man Friday 1:25pm The Slot Trump's Ego Is Murdering Earth Friday 12:00pm Recent from Hazel Cills 8 127 51.9K Jezebel · Hazel Cills After Will.i.am Calls Her a 'Featured Female,' Fergie Says She Hasn't Actually Left the Black Eyed Peas Friday 5:30pm 13 16.3K Pictorial · Hazel Cills Hear from the Granddaughter of a Real-Life Inspiration for Wonder Woman Friday 3:35pm 215 35.3K Jezebel · Hazel Cills Food Blogger Sues Food Network Over Viral Cupcake Video Thursday 6:05pm Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Jezebel Store Redirecting to the Jezebel store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Trace Pickering, pioneer in learner-centered education, to keynote K-12 education track LEARN MORE Most Popular Most Recent Time Machine: Matsell’s Castle Farm News Track: Fatal Coggon shooting Pianist presents ‘unprecedented’ gift for Orchestra Iowa Another tryout camp in the books for C.R. RoughRiders Sewing smiles: Williamsburg group makes sock monkeys for pediatric patients At Cosby trial, a constellation of race, celebrity, power and gender converges Another tryout camp in the books for C.R. RoughRiders Putin calls U.S. election-meddling charge a ‘load of nonsense’ in Kelly interview For Iowa teens and summer jobs, now may be the time Hamilton, Blankenhorn go deep, Kernels sting Bees, 11-6 Wal-Mart asks employees do deliveries on their way home They will be paid extra for the trips Video Photo A Wal-Mart Stores Inc company distribution center in Bentonville, Arkansas June 6, 2013. The annual shareholders meeting for Walmart takes place June 7, 2013. REUTERS/Rick Wilking Washington Post Jun 1, 2017 at 8:13 pm | Print View Walmart’s newest tactic in its fight against online giant Amazon: Asking its employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. The idea, Wal-Mart executives said Thursday, is to cut costs on the so-called last-mile of deliveries, when packages are driven to customers’ homes, often the most expensive part of the fulfillment process. “It just makes sense. We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup,” Marc Lore, chief executive of Walmart’s e-commerce business and the founder of Jet.com, said in a blog post Thursday afternoon. “Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house.” The company began testing the package-delivery program a month ago in three stores — two in New Jersey, one in northwest Arkansas — but did not offer details on when, or where, it would expand across the United States. Employees will be paid extra, and offered overtime pay as necessary to make the deliveries, Wal-Mart spokesman Ravi Jariwala said Thursday. “Wal-Mart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this,” he said, adding that 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Wal-Mart store. “There is really strong overlap between where are associates are already heading after work and where those packages need to go.” The company is billing the program as a way for employees to earn extra money, although there were few details on how they would be paid. Jariwala declined to clarify whether employees would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination of those things. Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Nation & World articles At Cosby trial, a constellation of race, ... London attack toll rises to 7 dead Putin calls U.S. election-meddling charg ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
About US Contact US Registration Sunday June 4th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Analysis-Reportage MIL Analysis-Reportage Security-Intel-Police Security Intelligence Cyber Security Defence Economics Environment Walmart Announces 2017 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Voting Results By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  June 3, 2017  /  Comments Off on Walmart Announces 2017 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Voting Results       Print       Email MIL OSI Global Economy – Source: Walmart Headline: Walmart Announces 2017 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Voting Results FAYETTEVILLE, Ark., June 2, 2017 – Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) today announced shareholder voting results for its Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. Approximately 92.7 percent of all outstanding shares were present or represented by proxy at the meeting. The company reported that shareholders approved the election of each of Walmart’s 11 director nominees. Each director nominee received affirmative votes from approximately 94 percent or more of the shares voted, excluding abstentions and broker non-votes, as follows (all percentages are rounded to the nearest 1/100 of 1 percent):Director Nominee For Against James I. Cash, Jr. 98.95% 1.05% Timothy P. Flynn 99.40% 0.60% Carla A. Harris 98.17% 1.83% Thomas W. Horton 99.40% 0.60% Marissa A. Mayer 94.31% 5.69% C. Douglas McMillon 99.27% 0.73% Gregory B. Penner 97.16% 2.84% Steven S Reinemund 94.44% 5.56% Kevin Y. Systrom 94.45% 5.55% S. Robson Walton 94.43% 5.57% Steuart L. Walton 97.48% 2.52% Shareholders voted on a non-binding advisory resolution to establish the frequency of future advisory shareholder votes to approve the compensation of Walmart’s named executive officers, with approximately 98.74 percent of the shares present in person or represented by proxy voting to hold such future advisory votes annually. The Board of Directors had recommended a frequency of one year. Shareholders voted to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation of Walmart’s named executive officers described in Walmart’s 2017 proxy statement, with approximately 83.14 percent of the shares present in person or represented by proxy voting in favor of this proposal. The Board of Directors had recommended a vote for this proposal.Shareholders also ratified the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Walmart’s independent accountants, with affirmative votes from approximately 99.23 percent of the shares that were present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote.The Board of Directors had recommended a vote against each of the four shareholder proposals, and each proposal failed to receive affirmative votes from a majority of the total shares that were represented at the meeting and entitled to vote and, accordingly, they did not pass. The approximate percentages of the shares present or represented by proxy at the meeting that were voted in favor of each of the four shareholder proposals are as follows:Request to adopt an independent chairman policy: approximately 15.15 percent of the shares that were present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote.Shareholder proxy access: the proposal was not formally presented at the meeting. However, the company received proxies representing approximately 26.24 percent of the shares in support of this proposal.Request for independent director with environmental expertise: approximately 2.13 percent of the shares that were present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote.Request for annual reporting of additional demographic information about full- and part-time associates in the U.S.: less than 0.01 percent of the shares that were present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote.The official voting results for each item voted on by shareholders will be disclosed in a report to be filed next week with the Securities and Exchange Commission. About WalmartWal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart.     Print       Email Published: 2 days ago on June 3, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: June 3, 2017 @ 7:44 am Filed Under: Business, Commerce, Consumer Goods, Economics, English, Fiscal Updates, Global Economy, MIL OSI, Open Source Intel, Walmart NEXT ARTICLE → Public Debt Management Forum Confronts the Changes, Innovations and Future Challenges in Sovereign Markets ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE Feinstein Statement on Intelligence Chairman Demanding Return of Torture Report Copies About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts UN chief strongly condemns terrorist attacks in London Statement on investigation into London Bridge and Borough Market terror attacks New York-Israel Global Path Through History Initiative New York-Israel Global Path Through History Initiative Canadian Defence Minister and Chief of the Defence Staff Attend Asia Security Summit © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Monday, June 05, 2017Switch to हिन्दी Home Politics Narendra Modi is turning his strength Kashmir into India's weakness, says Rahul Gandhi: BJP slams Congress mindset AAP plans to stage country-wide protest to highlight farmers' plight on 10 June Rahul Gandhi in Andhra promises UPA-led in 2019 would grant special status to state: 'It's not a gift, it's your right' Mulayam Singh mum on participation in Lalu Prasad's 27 August rally Prime Minister Narendra Modi mishandling Kashmir issue, says Rahul Gandhi Amit Shah wraps up Kerala visit, sets poll target of 40% vote share for BJP workers Sports India vs Pakistan: Yuvraj Singh's blistering knock against arch-rivals rolls back the years, reminds us of his old self ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India's comfortable win a result of an archaic, insipid Pakistan show Highlights NBA Finals, Cleveland Cavaliers vs Golden State Warriors, Game 2: Warriors win 132-113 India vs Pakistan: Virat Kohli shuts off outside world to get back to business India vs Pakistan, Champions Trophy 2017: Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh set up thumping win for 'Men in Blue' French Open 2017: Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal enter quarters for record-equalling 11th time India Maharashtra farmers strike day 5: Protests continue as Shiv Sena supports statewide shutdown, excludes Mumbai Venkaiah Naidu hits out at Opposition for criticising Narendra Modi; says 'dark days of Emergency' have been forgotten Army chief Bipin Rawat says women will soon take on combat roles Uttar Pradesh: 22 die as bus catches fire in Bareilly after colliding with truck, several in critical condition Vijay Mallya seen at India vs Pakistan cricket match at Edgbaston stadium in Birmingham Jammu and Kashmir: CRPF jawans thwart suicide attack in Bandipora, 4 militants killed World World Environment Day: UN General Secretary António Guterres urges people to ''cherish the planet that protect us'' UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres announces new talks on Cyprus reunification to begin this month London terror attack: Donald Trump vows to protect US from 'vile enemy', says 'bloodshed will end' Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Egypt and UAE cut ties with Qatar for allegedly supporting terrorism US, Australian officials warn of battle-hardened, 'angry' foreign fighters of Islamic State returning to Southeast Asia London Bridge attack: UK man who fled with pint of beer an unlikely inspiration on Twitter Business GST rollout: Banks not yet prepared, says Indian Bank Association to Parliamentary panel As GST rollout nears, pain points increase and the blame rests squarely on both central, state govts GST rates: Govt starts media awareness drive for common man to prevent being fleeced by traders GST expected to give level playing field to organised retail players, says report IT layoffs: Ravi Shankar Prasad says no downturn, retrenchment due to performance issues Wipro Chairman Azim Premji's salary drops 63% to $1,21,853 in FY17, CEO Neemuchwala's up 16% to $2.09 mn Entertainment Avengers: Infinity War to add Black Panther villain played by Winston Duke⁠⁠⁠⁠ Thugs of Hindostan: Will Aamir Khan get astronomical 70 per cent stake in profits? Bank Chor and the art of hit-and-miss self-deprecating promotional strategies in films Wonder Woman director Patty Jenkins ready to direct the sequel Shah Rukh Khan's next with Aanand L Rai to be named Rangbaaz? Sonam Kapoor expresses interest in film school; says wants to learn something new Photos Videos F.Shows TECH2 CT 2017 FAKING NEWS Oppo You are here: Latest News Fwire News Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt | Reuters Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt | Reuters FwireReutersJun, 03 2017 01:45:04 IST #Reuters By David Shepardson and Susan Heavey | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) and IBM Corp (IBM.N), on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord.Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies.Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry.Tesla Inc (TSLA.O) Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co (DIS.N) CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move."Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council.Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets.Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, said he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council.A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N), the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council.McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions."IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said.Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said.Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), criticized Trump's decision, but suggested in a statement on Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said.PepsiCo Inc (PEP.N) Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc (FB.O), Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O), Goldman Sachs (GS.N) and General Electric Co (GE.N). GE's CEO, Jeff Immelt, is on Trump's manufacturing council.AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people."Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption."The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment.""If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP (BX.N). Blackrock Inc (BLK.N) Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co (GM.N) said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's (F.N) new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. (Editing by Matthew Lewis) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: Jun 03, 2017 01:45 am | Updated Date: Jun 03, 2017 01:45 am Also See India offers tax concessions to Apple to expand production - official | Reuters Special Report: As Modi and his Hindu base rise, so too does yoga tycoon Baba Ramdev | Reuters Islamic State claims responsibility for Manchester arena attack | Reuters India says it attacked Pakistan army posts in divided Kashmir | Reuters Champions Trophy 2017 Match Date Details 1 Jun 5 AUS Vs BAN 2 Jun 6 ENG Vs NZ 3 Jun 7 PAK Vs SA 4 Jun 8 IND Vs SL 5 Jun 9 NZ Vs BAN Full Schedule Top Stories Jammu and Kashmir: CRPF jawans thwart suicide attack in Bandipora, 4 militants killed 22 Passengers Killed as Bus Collides With Truck on NH-24 in Bareilly Rahul Gandhi in Andhra promises UPA-led in 2019 would grant special status to state: 'It's not a gift, it's your right' London terror attack: British Police discover YouTube link to Saturday's attack after tip-off from perpetrator's friend Consider these 5 factors while making lump-sum investments in mutual funds ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India's comfortable win a result of an archaic, insipid Pakistan show As GST rollout nears, pain points increase and the blame rests squarely on both central, state govts Salman Khan: 'I doubt Tubelight will break Baahubali 2's record, but don't feel the pressure' Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND Vs PAK India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L method) Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 29 runs (D/L method) ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL Vs SA South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 96 runs Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 6 wickets ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS Vs NZ Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG Vs BAN England beat Bangladesh by 8 wickets ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 IND Vs BAN India beat Bangladesh by 240 runs ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 NZ Vs SL New Zealand beat Sri Lanka by 6 wickets South Africa in England, 3 ODI Series, 2017 ENG Vs SA South Africa beat England by 7 wickets ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 AUS Vs PAK Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS vs BAN - Jun 5th, 2017, 06:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 6th, 2017, 05:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG vs NZ - Jun 6th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 PAK vs SA - Jun 7th, 2017, 06:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND vs SL - Jun 8th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 NZ vs BAN - Jun 9th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 10th, 2017, 12:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG vs AUS - Jun 10th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND vs SA - Jun 11th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 12th, 2017, 12:00 AM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Video Room Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Sat Jun 3, 2017 | 8:31am IST Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt FILE PHOTO: U.S. President Donald Trump announces his decision that the United States will withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement, in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, U.S., June 1, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File Photo By David Shepardson and Susan Heavey | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. (Editing by Matthew Lewis) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Money News Government says to levy 3 percent tax on gold under GST, industry relieved MUMBAI India will tax gold at a rate of 3 percent under a new nationwide sales tax that comes into effect on July 1, the government said on Saturday. Silk Road hub or tax haven? China's new border trade zone may be less than it seems HORGOS, China/KHORGOS, Kazakhstan On the border of China and Kazakhstan, an international free trade zone has become a showpiece of Chinese President Xi Jinping's signature "Belt and Road" Initiative to boost global trade and commerce by improving infrastructure and connectivity. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick "Oi, cowards!": Londoners fought back as killers rampaged Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart Announces 2017 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Voting Results FAYETTEVILLE, Ark., June 2, 2017 – Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) today announced shareholder voting results for its Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. Approximately 92.7 percent of all outstanding shares were present or represented by proxy at the meeting. The company reported that shareholders approved the election of each of Walmart’s 11 director nominees. Each director nominee received affirmative votes from approximately 94 percent or more of the shares voted, excluding abstentions and broker non-votes, as follows (all percentages are rounded to the nearest 1/100 of 1 percent): Director Nominee For Against James I. Cash, Jr. 98.95% 1.05% Timothy P. Flynn 99.40% 0.60% Carla A. Harris 98.17% 1.83% Thomas W. Horton 99.40% 0.60% Marissa A. Mayer 94.31% 5.69% C. Douglas McMillon 99.27% 0.73% Gregory B. Penner 97.16% 2.84% Steven S Reinemund 94.44% 5.56% Kevin Y. Systrom 94.45% 5.55% S. Robson Walton 94.43% 5.57% Steuart L. Walton 97.48% 2.52% Shareholders voted on a non-binding advisory resolution to establish the frequency of future advisory shareholder votes to approve the compensation of Walmart’s named executive officers, with approximately 98.74 percent of the shares present in person or represented by proxy voting to hold such future advisory votes annually. The Board of Directors had recommended a frequency of one year. Shareholders voted to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation of Walmart’s named executive officers described in Walmart’s 2017 proxy statement, with approximately 83.14 percent of the shares present in person or represented by proxy voting in favor of this proposal. The Board of Directors had recommended a vote for this proposal. Shareholders also ratified the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Walmart’s independent accountants, with affirmative votes from approximately 99.23 percent of the shares that were present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote. The Board of Directors had recommended a vote against each of the four shareholder proposals, and each proposal failed to receive affirmative votes from a majority of the total shares that were represented at the meeting and entitled to vote and, accordingly, they did not pass. The approximate percentages of the shares present or represented by proxy at the meeting that were voted in favor of each of the four shareholder proposals are as follows: Request to adopt an independent chairman policy: approximately 15.15 percent of the shares that were present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote. Shareholder proxy access: the proposal was not formally presented at the meeting. However, the company received proxies representing approximately 26.24 percent of the shares in support of this proposal. Request for independent director with environmental expertise: approximately 2.13 percent of the shares that were present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote. Request for annual reporting of additional demographic information about full- and part-time associates in the U.S.: less than 0.01 percent of the shares that were present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote. The official voting results for each item voted on by shareholders will be disclosed in a report to be filed next week with the Securities and Exchange Commission. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Navigation Satellite System Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2021 Next PostNext Medical Dialysis Devices Market Growth Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2021 Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments10+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Gwen Stefani, Blake Shelton, and calls for better pay: Inside Walmart’s annual shareholder meeting The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Abha Bhattarai By Abha Bhattarai June 2 Follow @abhabhattarai Gwen Stefani performs during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. — Just after 8 a.m., a woman descends from the ceiling at the Bud Walton Arena, 30 miles from Walmart’s headquarters. Gwen Stefani appears onstage and introduces the day’s host, country singer Blake Shelton. “This reminds me of my Shelton family reunions,” he tells the roaring crowd. “Except they don’t ever start at the crack of dawn.” And so begins the dizzying three-hour affair that is Walmart’s annual shareholder meeting. In between performances by Stefani, Mary J. Blige, Ne-Yo and Rachel Platten, company executives take care of less glamorous matters — votes on executive compensation, corporate board nominations and a measure to bring more transparency to the makeup of the part-time workforce. An estimated 14,000 Walmart employees and shareholders are in the crowd, waving flags from 28 countries and chanting “Walmart, Walmart! Sam’s Club, Sam’s Club!” In between performances, Walmart executives continued to emphasize the need to move online to compete with Amazon.com, which executives referred to as “that other website.” They highlighted recent investments in training and technology and talked about the importance of cutting costs while increasing sales. Each 1-percent decrease in expenses amounts to a $1 billion savings for the company, Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs (introduced by Shelton as “the pharaoh of finance”) told shareholders. In recent years, Walmart has expanded its online inventory and has begun offering free two-day shipping on orders over $35. It has also found ways to keep its 4,600 stores relevant, by offering discounts to customers who pick up online orders in person. (Jeffrey P. Bezos, the founder of Amazon.com, owns The Washington Post.) “The advantage that we have is that we’re really building an omnichannel business, and customers in their lives want to shop in lots of different ways,” Doug McMillon, Walmart’s chief executive, told reporters Friday. “In a lot of the country and a lot of the world, people will stop in stores, online, they’ll pick up and order depending on what they want that moment. Our plan is to use all of our assets to win — and I think that’s an advantage.” Walmart CEO Doug McMillon speaks during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Earlier in the week, the company announced it is enlisting employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. The effort, meant to cut costs by eliminating third-party delivery services, is being tested in three U.S. stores. [Walmart is asking employees to deliver packages on their way home from work] “Technology is driving enormous change in retail, and the competition is very fierce,” Greg Foran, president and chief executive of Walmart U.S., said Friday. “But we have an advantage that no one else has: all of you, our associates.” But some employees were less concerned about the future than the present. A handful of shareholders and Walmart workers presented proposals at the meeting, calling on the company to treat its workers better by offering higher wages, improved benefits and more predictable schedules. “An unfair leave policy, reduced hours and low pay make it difficult for most of us to pay our bills and take care of our families,” said Carolyn Davis, who works at a Walmart store in Outer Banks, N.C., and was representing the activist group Organization United for Respect Walmart. “Walmart can, and should, live up to the promises it makes: letting us take care of our children when they are sick, and accepting our doctor’s notes.” Janie Grice, an employee from Marion, S.C., asked the company to offer more information on gender and racial information on the company’s part- and full-time workers. “Too many of us are still part-time,” she said. “Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently, we can’t plan our lives or line up a second job. Too many of us still can’t pay our bills.” Walmart executives, for their part, touted the company’s investments in training and wages for employees. Earlier this year, the company said it would raise its hourly minimum wage to $10 for most workers. “With respect to our associates, the $2.7 billion investment in training, education and wages — that really happened. That’s real,” said Jeff Gearhart, Walmart’s general counsel. “We’re also investing in technology to make our associates’ jobs easier and to help them serve our customers better.” Last year, he added, Walmart offered 150,000 part-time workers full-time positions and promoted 200,000 of its 1.2 million U.S. employees to higher-ranking jobs. Throughout the meeting, there were slides and videos highlighting company successes: a 30 percent year-over-year increase in the company’s share price, annual revenue of $486 billion, and an employee from Las Cruces, N.M., who sold 800 packages of Utz Cheese Balls in April, up from 33 a year ago. [Walmart is preparing to take on Amazon. But first, parachuting M&M’s.] Later, Gearhart returned to the stage to announce the outcome of the shareholders’ votes. Walmart got its way: All 11 nominees to its corporate board — including Walmart chief executive Doug McMillon, former Yahoo chief executive Marissa Mayer and at least two members of the Walton family — were elected (or reelected) by a majority vote. Shareholders also approved pay packages for Walmart executives, including McMillon, who last year received $22.4 million, and Marc Lore, the company’s head of e-commerce, who was paid $236.9 million last year — or $4.6 million per week. (For comparison’s sake, it would take an entry-level worker who makes $10 an hour nearly 220 years to make as much as Lore does in one week.) None of the proposals set forth by shareholders — including one that would have required the board chairman to be “independent of management,” and another that asked for transparency on the gender and racial makeup of part-time workers — were passed. Moments later, Stefani took to the stage again — this time, backup dancers in tow. She sang two songs, including a profanity-free version of “Hollaback Girl.” “Walmart! Sam’s Club!,” she shouted from the stage, midway through “Hella Good.” “This is our situation right now: I need to see every single one of you here jumping with me.” The crowd went wild. Read more: Flashlight Sneakers: The ‘huge trend’ Walmart is betting on Meet Marriott’s longest-standing employee: A 79-year-old omelet-maker business business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 10+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Abha Bhattarai is a business reporter for The Washington Post. She has previously written for The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Reuters and the St. Petersburg Times. Follow @abhabhattarai 18 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Q&A: Internet extremism and how to combat it 2 Michael Bloomberg pledges his own money to help U.N. after Trump pulls out of Paris climate deal 3 Farmers decry Trump plans to cut agriculture subsidies 4 Analysis Trump wanted to preside over an economic boom. What if growth stalls before it starts? 5 Gwen Stefani, Blake Shelton, and calls for better pay: Inside Walmart’s annual shareholder meeting The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Market Watch DJIA 0.29% NASDAQ 0.94% Get quote Last Update: 06/04/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
ActionNewsJax.com LIVE http://www.actionnewsjax.com/cmg-main-theme/css ActionNewsJax.com SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wjax profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12386682 Home 12386742 News County by County Weird Florida Nation & World Skyvision Consumer Action Button Links Download News App Black History Month 12386688 Weather First Alert Doppler HD Interactive Radar First Alert Wx App Hurricane Center Eclipse 2017 Sky Cams Talking the Tropics Hour by Hour 7-Day Forecast Weekend Forecast Buresh Blog Weather Photos 12386748 Traffic First Alert Traffic Twitter Gas Prices 12386964 Watch Watch Live Stream Watch Latest Newscast Video Social Media Photo Galleries What's On WJAX-TV Action News Jax Sunday 15413233 Investigates Restaurant Report Predator Alert 12386760 Sports Action Sports Jax Jacksonville Jaguars Friday Night Blitz Georgia - Florida Game SEC Sports ACC Sports Dream 18 Super Bowl NHRA Gatornationals Contest Fight for the Fedora 12386850 Family Focus Community Calendar Adopt A Nest Jazz Festival Take Steps Walk March for Babies 166575486 About Us Action News Jax Team Get TV MeTV on MyTVJax Talent Appearances Submit Events Contact Us Jobs at Cox Millennials at CMG 417767243 Local Solutions 166656945 Home for Good Jax 166650644 Jax Dream Home Pros 413973870 Zika virus in Florida 506187273 Daytona Contest 506187279 NHRA Gatornationals Contest More Sign up for Action News Jax Newsletters Delivered To Your Inbox Newsletter: Sign Up Please Wait Thank You for Subscribing! Your newsletters will be arriving soon. Walmart asking employees to deliver online orders by: Jared Leone, Cox Media Group National Content Desk Updated: Jun 2, 2017 - 2:57 PM An army of Walmart associates delivering online orders on their way home from work is the latest effort from the world’s largest retailer to speed shipments to customers to combat drone shipping and compete with online retailers like Amazon. The program is being tested at locations in Arkansas and New Jersey. “It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup,” wrote Marc Lore, chief executive of Walmart’s e-commerce business. “Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house.” >> Read more trending news The program is voluntary for employees, and Walmart pays them for the deliveries. Walmart did not share the pay structure in its blog post Thursday about the program.  “Associates are fully in control of their experience,” Lore wrote. “If they don’t want to participate, they don’t have to. If they choose to opt in, we’ve built technology that allows them to set preferences. Associates choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of those packages and which days they’re able to make deliveries after work – it’s completely up to them, and they can update those preferences at any time.” The company is trying to leverage its largest assets including, 4,700 stores close to population centers and thousands of employees.  The effort comes as the retail giant looks to expand its online sales and compete with Amazon, which is experimenting with different delivery methods, including using drone technology.  A Walmart sign. (Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images) © 2017 Cox Media Group. Walmart asking employees to deliver online orders School choir joins Ariana Grande at 'One Love Manchester' benefit concert Dr. Seuss museum opens Gregg Allman remembered with musical jam at Big House Prince Harry honors London attack victims at Ramadan service News Local News National/World News Video Traffic First Alert Weather Interactive Radar First Alert Doppler HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WJAX/WFOX What's on CBS47/ FOX30 WFOX Public File WFOX EEOC Statement WJAX Public File WJAX EEOC Statement Jobs © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Slashdot Stories Firehose All Popular Polls Deals Submit Search Slashdot Login or Sign up Topics: Devices Build Entertainment Technology Open Source Science YRO Follow us: RSS Facebook Google+ Twitter Newsletter Want to read Slashdot from your mobile device? Point it at m.slashdot.org and keep reading!   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close binspamdupenotthebestofftopicslownewsdaystalestupid freshfunnyinsightfulinterestingmaybe offtopicflamebaittrollredundantoverrated insightfulinterestinginformativefunnyunderrated descriptive typodupeerror DEAL: For $25 - Add A Second Phone Number To Your Smartphone for life! Use promo code SLASHDOT25. Also, Slashdot's now on IFTTT. Check it out! Check out the new SourceForge HTML5 Internet speed test! × 91509711 story Hundreds of Walmart Employees Say They've Been Punished For Taking Sick Days (vice.com) 214 Posted by msmash on Friday June 02, 2017 @03:25PM from the ugly-side dept. A new report from the workers advocacy group A Better Balance alleges that Walmart consistently punishes employees for taking sick days, even if they have proper documentation from doctors. From a report: A Better Balance interviewed and surveyed more than 1,000 Walmart workers about the company's absence control program -- which awards disciplinary "points" for absences regardless of reason -- and found the retail giant to be in violation of multiple laws. "Giving a worker a disciplinary 'point' for being absent due to a disability or for taking care of themselves or a loved one with a serious medical condition is not only unfair," the report reads, "in many instances, it runs afoul of federal, state, and local laws." Walmart spokesman Randy Hargrove told the Times that the allegations are false, and that the company "understand[s] that associates may have to miss work on occasion," and that they "have processes in place to assist them." The report's worker testimonials say differently. "I came down with a stomach flu and I had to call in due to vomiting and high fever and got a point cause of being sick," recalls an Illinois employee named Veronica. "I hate the fact we got to worry about getting fired cause we caught the flu." amazon business money ← You may like to read: → Denmark Is Killing Tesla and Other Electric Cars Donald Trump Wins US Presidency Garmin Engineer Shot And Killed By Man Yelling 'Get Out Of My Country!' Trump Announces US Withdrawal From Paris Climate Accord Universal Basic Income Programs Arrive Russia Unveils 'Satan 2' Missile Powerful Enough To 'Wipe Out UK, France Or Texas' VR Sports? It Can Be a Billion Dollar Business, Says Intel CEO Hundreds of Walmart Employees Say They've Been Punished For Taking Sick Days More | Reply Login Hundreds of Walmart Employees Say They've Been Punished For Taking Sick Days Post Load All Comments  Full  Abbreviated  Hidden /Sea Score: 5 4 3 2 1 0 -1 More | Reply Login   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close Close Search 214 Comments Log In/Create an Account Comments Filter: All Insightful Informative Interesting Funny The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. employees or associates? (Score:4, Interesting) by myowntrueself ( 607117 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @03:27PM (#54537505) There seems to be an inconsistency, on the one hand they are employees and on the other they are associates. Which is it really? Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2, Interesting) by Anonymous Coward writes: They are employees, Wal-Mart uses the term associates to make themselves seem friendlier and that workers are a big "team" Re: (Score:3, Interesting) by Anonymous Coward writes: "Associate" is just the friendly way to refer to your employees in front of your customers or in other PR situations. Re: (Score:3) by mrclevesque ( 1413593 ) writes: "Associate" is just the friendly way to refer to your employees in front of ... " It is also demeaning for the employee to be used as a marketing gimmick. Re: (Score:2) by dbIII ( 701233 ) writes: That's probably part of the point. Talk to some HR people at a large company for a while and you'll see how well "fresh meat" would fit into their conversation instead of the buzzword of the day. It was especially annoying dealing with their attitude a bit over twenty years ago at a site where there were a few employee deaths every year. They don't see employees as human. The worst would even see slavery as a good idea and it's only the legal system that holds them back. Re:employees or associates? (Score:5, Insightful) by taustin ( 171655 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @06:08PM (#54538871) Homepage Journal Colleague implies a degree of equality in status. The hourly grunts on the sales floor are not equal to anyone who calls them associates. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by stephanruby ( 542433 ) writes: In the case of Amazon, the term associate is preferred because some of their workers are contractors hired by a third party temporary agency. But I do not know if this is the case here. Re: (Score:3) by omnichad ( 1198475 ) writes: They're associated by employment. Re: (Score:3, Funny) by Anonymous Coward writes: Calling them peasants turned out to be bad for optics, so they're still workshopping titles to see what will make the wage slaves feel empowered. Re: (Score:3) by Xenx ( 2211586 ) writes: Wouldn't making them feel empowered be the opposite of what they would want? That could incite a slave uprising... or at least a belief they could apply for a better job. Re: (Score:3) by barc0001 ( 173002 ) writes: > on the one hand they are employees and on the other they are associates. Which is it really? Whatever definition is most beneficial to Walmart at that particular moment. Re: (Score:3) by emaname ( 1014225 ) writes: They're "consumables." Re: (Score:2) by taustin ( 171655 ) writes: It is common to the point of being nearly universal in retail that hourly employees who work on the sales floor are called "associates." This is normal for any day that ends in "y." Re: (Score:2) by myowntrueself ( 607117 ) writes: It is common to the point of being nearly universal in retail that hourly employees who work on the sales floor are called "associates." This is normal for any day that ends in "y." So its just another word for employee? Where I come from an associate is more of an equal partner. Like a law firm might be "Smith and associates" where theres someone called Smith and a few other people, Smiths associates, who are more or less partners in the firm. Re: employees or associates? (Score:3) by LifesABeach ( 234436 ) writes: Isn't working for Walmart enough punishment? Re: (Score:2) by Cryacin ( 657549 ) writes: I'm very glad i don't have to associate myself with Wallmart. Is this really new? (Score:2) by volodymyrbiryuk ( 4780959 ) writes: Walmart treats employees like shit...I'm deeply shocked. Re: (Score:2) by AK Marc ( 707885 ) writes: The wording indicates it's a violation of law. If no-call-no-shows are allowed under federal, state, and local laws, then that's an issue for your legislators, not calling on WalMart to punish them in violation of the law. Re: (Score:2) by Mr D from 63 ( 3395377 ) writes: My spidey senses tell me that this is less about getting in trouble for sick days ... more likely this is employees getting in trouble for doing a no-call-no-show and then trying to pass it off as a sick day after the fact. Part of a problem can be employees abusing sick leave benefit and often taking sick days when they are not sick, leading to a potential excessive scrutiny for any sick days taken. That aspect is of course ignored in this article, but it is very real. Sick days are not vacation days. Companies can decide to just lump the two together and just have more vacation and few or no 'sick days', but then they will be attacked for not paying sick time in some cases where employees have used all their time off and the Re: (Score:2) by AK Marc ( 707885 ) writes: The details of the wording usually allow a no-show by reason of incapacity to be considered "with notice" if notice is given as soon as practical. At least it's been worded that way in my employment contracts, which haven't included employment at WalMart, and I didn't read them with detail when I was a teen. Advocacy groups say shit (Score:2, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: It means that maybe someone should investigate to see if it's true. Let us know when it's more than an agenda-driven allegation. Thanks. having worked there its all true (Score:5, Informative) by luther349 ( 645380 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @03:48PM (#54537673) they will point you no matter the reason then if they dont like you they will try to add on points for no reason i rember in my entire stay there i missed 1 day and they tried to say i had 6 points. they also play favrets to people who kiss there ass vs those that do not. just me if that company can brake a labor law they do. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re:having worked there its all true (Score:5, Funny) by Anonymous Coward writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:00PM (#54537783) they will point you no matter the reason then if they dont like you they will try to add on points for no reason i rember in my entire stay there i missed 1 day and they tried to say i had 6 points. they also play favrets to people who kiss there ass vs those that do not. just me if that company can brake a labor law they do. Thank goodness they don't have any pesky screening restrictions around spelling and grammar... Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by dinfinity ( 2300094 ) writes: Dammit, I just ran out of mod points! +1 Funny Re: (Score:2, Interesting) by Anonymous Coward writes: My son worked at WalMart, was hit by a car on way home. He was not very injured, but had 1 week of rest, then 1 week of light duty. They would not honor the dr's orders, wanted the dr to call HR. (try and get an ER dr to do that). So after the week of rest (as his points ticked away) he was fired. Re: (Score:2) by No Longer an AC ( 4611353 ) writes: FWIW, I've known a few people who worked for Walmart's IT department in Arkansas and they couldn't spell either. It's not that they're not intelligent, it's just that some people suck at spelling. Okay, well the spelling in the other post was bad but isn't' that what compilers are for? Those sick days are for the terminally ill (Score:2) by jlowery ( 47102 ) writes: It says so right above the non-compete clause Re: (Score:2) by techno-vampire ( 666512 ) writes: That shouldn't prevent anybody from being allowed to use them. Life itself is a terminal condition. Re: (Score:2) by Hydrian ( 183536 ) writes: That's a pre-existing condition! Perfect opportunity for abuse (Score:5, Insightful) by ErichTheRed ( 39327 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @03:57PM (#54537753) There was an article a couple days ago about how white-collar employees in the US are afraid of using their vacation time...this seems like a good bookend to that. The bottom line is that there are very few nice, generous employers anymore. I work for one that actually treats us pretty well; we have on-your-honor sick days and reasonable amounts of vacation. However, stores like this are necessary to show once in a while that employers will take advantage of you at any turn, and some of them are quite bad. You see stuff like this a lot in low-margin, low-paying employers with what they consider a disposable workforce. I'm sure Amazon is guilty of this with their warehouse workers, delivery drivers, etc. I guarantee that with steady jobs getting scarcer every day, and a constant narrative depicting business owners as superhuman infallible beings, nothing is going to get better. People are going to be happy to have any kind of job that gives them a steady paycheck, and that's even more true for those at the low end of the skills curve. When I see stuff like this, it makes me wish labor unions were more powerful like they once were. Unions would never have backed down on something like this, and union members were happier because of it. All those coal miners and manufacturing workers voting last November should realize that they would have been much better off had they been represented by a strong union. Working families used to be able to survive on one income, and now that's very difficult for most people to do. I'm still hoping the pendulum swings back the other direction before things get bad enough to have another revolution or civil war on our hands in the US. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by mlookaba ( 2802163 ) writes: "The bottom line is that there are very few nice, generous employers anymore" The margins for doing business in many retail spaces have been going down for quite some time. I'm certainly no expert in employee relations. I worked in IT for telemarketing company for several years. Draconian rules much like this were put in place there because employees regularly abused the system due to alcohol/drug addictions, poor decisions, and the stress of the job. Basically, lots of people couldn't bear to come in t Re: (Score:2) by asylumx ( 881307 ) writes: The bottom line is that there are very few nice, generous employers anymore I actually wonder how the assumption came to being that there were ever more than a few. I mean, you go back only 100 or so years and you're smack in the middle of the industrial revolution where the 40-hour work week didn't exist yet. It's debatable whether it really exists today... Re: (Score:2) by radarskiy ( 2874255 ) writes: I wonder how the assumption came into being that this was generosity rather than the self-interest of an actual capitalist in maintaining the productivity of their workforce so that they can reap the profits. Oppressing the proles is inefficient. Re: (Score:2) by omnichad ( 1198475 ) writes: Working families used to be able to survive on one income, and now that's very difficult for most people to do. A lot of that is driven by inflation caused by dual-income families. Once a certain number of people had that extra income, their spending was kept in check by raising prices. Re: (Score:2, Interesting) by barc0001 ( 173002 ) writes: >I'm sure Amazon is guilty of this with their warehouse workers, delivery drivers, etc. Here's an older article written by someone who went in to see the environment at an Amazon fulfillment center and talked with other workers. I can't imagine it's gotten better since. http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2012/02/mac-mcclelland-free-online-shipping-warehouses-labor Some of it is just f-d right up: ""You look way too happy," an Amalgamated supervisor says to me. He has appeared next to me as I work, and in t That's a whopping 0.07% of employees (Score:2) by JoeyRox ( 2711699 ) writes: Walmart employees 1.4 million people in the USA. Re: (Score:2) by JoeyRox ( 2711699 ) writes: Nevermind, I see it's hundreds of employees out of just 1,000 surveyed. I suck. Re: (Score:3) by tsqr ( 808554 ) writes: Nevermind, I see it's hundreds of employees out of just 1,000 surveyed. I suck. Or maybe you don't suck. From the "A Better Balance" report: "Based on our conversation with Walmart employees as well as survey results of over 1,000 current and former Walmart workers who have struggled due to Walmart’s absence control program..." I would expect a survey of workers "who have struggled due to Walmart's absence control program" to turn up a lot of complaints. Wal-Mart Shareholder Conference Today (Score:3) by damn_registrars ( 1103043 ) writes: <damn.registrars@gmail.com> on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:01PM (#54537797) Homepage Journal In case anyone was wondering how we ended up with two WalMart-related front page stories so close to each other on one day... Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate "absence control program" (Score:2) by drew_kime ( 303965 ) writes: The fact that they have an official "absence control program" tells you just about all you need to know. really bad idea (Score:5, Insightful) by roc97007 ( 608802 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:15PM (#54537925) Journal Penalizing workers for staying home when they're sick is a really bad idea. Because, naturally, people will come to work sick rather than risk a penalty, potentially spreading the illness to other workers and to customers. This seldom ends well, either for the parties involved or for the company. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3) by Kjella ( 173770 ) writes: Penalizing workers for staying home when they're sick is a really bad idea. Because, naturally, people will come to work sick rather than risk a penalty, potentially spreading the illness to other workers and to customers. This seldom ends well, either for the parties involved or for the company. Assuming people are actually sick. Here in Norway I've had several not-that-close acquaintances admit/reveal that they use sick leave kinda like a quota, they keep enough for actually being sick but if the rolling window is about to expire they get "sick" and use it more or less as an extra day off. Or at least their threshold for being sick becomes very, very low. And it annoys some other friends of mine that either have too much of a moral spine or are in management positions because they know some people Re:really bad idea (Score:4, Interesting) by roc97007 ( 608802 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @08:57PM (#54539873) Journal In counterpoint, I realize this is only another data point, and doesn't necessarily mean anything, but a few years ago in a different company, we had a guy in the department who was actually physically coughing up blood (as personally witnessed) but refused to leave his cube because (as we all knew) downsizing was on the horizon and he didn't want to be seen as a slacker. The rest of us who were in close proximity went to management and threatened to all go home sick if *he* didn't. They finally escorted him out of the building. And then a few weeks later we were all outsourced, but oh well... One of the things I can say about that company is that I never coughed up blood while I was there. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by dbIII ( 701233 ) writes: Nice story but not very likely since it requires too much planning from your mythical slackers thus rendering them not very slack at all. Maybe you should have worked on that fiction a bit more before publication. Re: (Score:3) by roc97007 ( 608802 ) writes: Ok wait. I'm not defending him, just observing from my own experience that there is a certain type of slacker, let's call him "wally", who will put a significant amount of energy and creativity into finding new ways to game the system. It isn't laziness, it's .. let's say, aggressive slacking. I don't know how prevalent it is, but I've personally observed this. I was talking to my daughter last night why the take-and-bake pizza took 45 minutes to pick up from the store. I called ahead, and what they made Re: (Score:2) by dbIII ( 701233 ) writes: In the pizza case - have you ever considered that inexperienced workers under minimal supervision who care very little about their job make a very large number of mistakes? I've learned that with fast food it's best to have a very simple order and to check it before you leave (eg. frequently no tomato in ham cheese and tomato). Also avoid the low turnover items, especially ones where it's not obvious when they are undercooked. and she said it's a "thing" amongst young workers now Exaggerated anecdotes about w Common Problem it seems (Score:5, Informative) by DarthVain ( 724186 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:25PM (#54538003) My work started doing this recently. Not all that happy about it. To make matters worse, the implemented it retroactively 2 years before the program actually existed, so I'm already half way through the program. They call it "Non-disciplinary", however if you advance into the program too far you can be let go, which sounds pretty disciplinary to me. I believe I effectively do not have any sick days anymore, I'll just go to work sick from now on, unless I get hit by a bus or something, at which point work will probably be the least of my worries. I expect it is a bargaining ploy to the Union. i.e. "You wanna get rid of it? How about those pensions?" Though Walmart doesn't even have that I suppose. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Walmart doesn't have a Union (Score:2) by rsilvergun ( 571051 ) writes: they're the greatest Union Busters in the world. I wouldn't even call them pros. They've elevated it to an art. From the moment you apply to the moment you're laid off for trying to Unionize they've thought of everything. Re:Common Problem it seems (Score:5, Interesting) by labnet ( 457441 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @06:08PM (#54538867) Well, this is what you Americans get when you support barely restrained capitalism. There is no way an employer would get away with this in Europe and Ocenania. I'm always astonished with how bad things are in America for the basics of life, like health care and employment. You should embrace a little more socialism. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re:Common Problem it seems (Score:5, Funny) by GNious ( 953874 ) writes: on Saturday June 03, 2017 @02:00AM (#54540897) Well, this is what you Americans get when you support barely restrained capitalism. You should embrace a little more socialism. Socialism would get in the way of poor Americans becoming rich. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re:Common Problem it seems (Score:5, Informative) by sjames ( 1099 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @06:28PM (#54539017) Homepage Journal If you have any face to face interaction with management at all, let the sneeze be your weapon. Make sure that whenever you get sick, they get sick. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Not just Walmart (Score:5, Informative) by Dr. Jest ( 10116 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:26PM (#54538013) I honestly thought this was more normal. I'm not saying it's right. However, I've worked at a software company that had a points-based attendance policy and they actually denied me a raise one year because I called off for illness a few times. It was the worst kind of phone support job and I was a lot younger but I didn't think this was unusual. I definitely thought it was unethical, though. Also stupid, as it encouraged sick people to come in and get everyone else sick, which happened all the time. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by mentil ( 1748130 ) writes: Sounds like they need to hire some telephone sanitizers. Who assigns these points? (Score:2) by freeze128 ( 544774 ) writes: Who is doing the assigning of these "points"? Is it Management? Do the managers get assigned points when they call in sick? Who assigns the points then, other managers, or lower level workers? And non-US workers wonder why... (Score:5, Insightful) by Hydrian ( 183536 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:45PM (#54538183) Homepage And non-US workers wonder why US works don't use vacation and sick days when they have them... Companies that get caught doing this need to made an example of. Major fines. The fines can't be small enough for a business to chalk it up to the 'cost of doing business' because that's what they do already. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by dbIII ( 701233 ) writes: It's not illegal. How are you going to fine a business for doing something that isn't illegal? Legislate. Once had a manager call a meeting (Score:3) by rsilvergun ( 571051 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:46PM (#54538189) to tell everyone that if you couldn't find a replacement you had to come in sick. This was at a restaurant. At the time it didn't occur to anyone to call him on it, but this was the 90s so the economy was good and it wasn't enforceable. Every call center I ever worked in had sick people non-stop. Everybody was always sick because nobody could stay home when they got sick. This is just how it is when you work in low pay industries in a bad economy. If you want it to stop you're gonna have to pass laws, but I'm guessing most people don't want it to stop. They might be uncomfortable with the idea of sick people forced to work or be homeless but they're much more uncomfortable with paying 5% more for stuff. Especially when they're getting paid less and less just like everybody else... Walmart's even got a phrase for it: Save Money, Live Better. You're not destroying worker solidarity and driving working families into an endless cycle of poverty. You're Saving Money, Living Better. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by radarskiy ( 2874255 ) writes: "I'm guessing most people don't want it to stop" It goes to show you that most businessmen aren't actually capitalists. A capitalist should be working to maximize their profits, but instead these guys are getting distracted by minimizing the profits of others. "they're much more uncomfortable with paying 5% more for stuff. Especially when they're getting paid less and less just like everybody else... " They'd be making more if they maintained the productivity of their workforce. Someone who doesn't believe in How many points do you get (Score:2) by Deadstick ( 535032 ) writes: ...for puking on a customer? Sick days vs FMLA? (Score:2) by Chewbacon ( 797801 ) writes: If you have FMLA, there is more protection. Some of these examples sound like sickly people or people with kids that inevitably get sick and need care. Neither are not necessarily FMLA cases. Anyone stop to consider some of those workers who frequently call in and are habitually tardy, the points are adding up, and when they call in it pushes them over the threshold? Shit my wife's employer dings more employees for "patterns of behavior" (subjective, because they feel like fucking with you) than objecti This story matches up nicely with the other one (Score:2) by hyades1 ( 1149581 ) writes: https://news.slashdot.org/story/17/06/02/185219/walmart-is-turning-its-employees-into-delivery-drivers-to-compete-with-amazon I commented on the one linked here about how unlikely it would be that Walmart's attempt to force employees to use their own vehicles to deliver its merchandise would in fact be "voluntary". This is exactly how it will be. Doctors notes == invasion of privacy. (Score:2) by BarbaraHudson ( 3785311 ) writes: The real problem is employers who treat their employees like children. "Bring a note from the doctor." Kind of like when you were a kid and if you missed school you had to "bring a note from your parents." Mine thought it was stupid, and gave me a blanket note at the beginning of the year saying that if I was absent it was with their permission. Trust. Instill it, then build on it. Look at the potential for personal information leakage from a doctor's note. They just look up the doctor, and if it's a specia Re: (Score:2) by ArmoredDragon ( 3450605 ) writes: The real problem is employers who treat their employees like children. "Bring a note from the doctor." Kind of like when you were a kid and if you missed school you had to "bring a note from your parents." Well, given you behave like one, it kind of makes sense. Re: (Score:2) by BarbaraHudson ( 3785311 ) writes: Au contraire, unlike you, I'm not a sheeple. I flat out refuse to get a doctor's note for an employer, same as I refused to give my employer the court's jury duty paper explaining that I would be absent for 4-5 weeks for a murder trial. If they don't trust me, I don't want to work for them. There is absolutely NO legal requirement to provide a doctor's note to an employer for an absence. It's my private business, my time, same as on days off and non-working hours. You're continuing to show you're a fool who Re: (Score:2) by BarbaraHudson ( 3785311 ) writes: You also completely failed to address the topic, because you can't refute my observation that requiring a doctor's note is an invasion of privacy., so you childishly avoid the question the same way a 5-year-old who's told "No" does when they don't get what they want - mommy says "No", 5-year-old changes the topic to "You're a big meanie." Re: (Score:3, Insightful) by Nidi62 ( 1525137 ) writes: Use the bodies of your dead and sick coworkers as a ladder to climb your way to success! Re: (Score:2) by qeveren ( 318805 ) writes: If you actually look at it, the system in nature is called "survival of the least-inadequate." Re: (Score:2) by Hognoxious ( 631665 ) writes: Everyone who wasn't in the owner's immediate family was treated like hired help [...] Type A insane entrepreneur catching a break [...] Company X has a retirement plan, but the owner is also a real estate investor and the only investment option is his land-buying scheme. You're not fooling anyone with this "Company X" malarkey. We can all see it's the USA. Re: (Score:3, Insightful) by SB5407 ( 4372273 ) writes: This falls under the "stuff that matters" part of the slogan. Re: (Score:3) by Frosty Piss ( 770223 ) * writes: How is unproven allegations about the sick day policy of a retailer "news for nerds"? There is no IT angle here I can discern. Why is this on Slashdot? Unless, of course, they're moving full steam ahead with their "All Social Justice Warrior, all the time" format. To unsocialized neck-beards like you? Doesn't matter. To members of the Human Race? It's "Stuff That Matters". Re: (Score:2) by Frosty Piss ( 770223 ) * writes: In that case... odd how Slashdot doesn't seem to have had any coverage of the rampant civil rights violations going on at Evergreen College in Washington... That's regional. Plus, Evergreen State has ALWAYS been wack-a-doodle. Re: (Score:2) by dbIII ( 701233 ) writes: How is unproven allegations about the sick day policy of a retailer "news for nerds"? To pay their way to being a professional nerd or at times when there are few technical jobs around a lot of nerds work in retail. It's actually a bit of a worry that I had to tell you that. Are you really paying so little attention to what is going on around you? Re: (Score:2) by Topwiz ( 1470979 ) writes: The tagline is in the html tag of the home page so will appear in the title bar (tab in Chrome). Re: (Score:2) by omnichad ( 1198475 ) writes: If you put your password between the HTML tags, Slashdot won't eat it. Example: <title>hunter2</title> Re: (Score:2) by mrbester ( 200927 ) writes: I'm only seeing asterisks. Maybe because I still have mod points, but posting should sort that. Re: (Score:2) by gnick ( 1211984 ) writes: A good lesson for all the kids out there. Learn proper grammar. If WalMart introduces grammar screening for their "associates", they're going to alienate a lot of their labor pool. Actually that goes for a lot of places - Proper grammar seems to be a rarity. Not everyone talks as goodly as you and I. Re:As someone that's never taken a sick day from w (Score:5, Insightful) by hey! ( 33014 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:01PM (#54537789) Homepage Journal Everybody gets sick sooner or later. Some people are fortunate enough to be on the tail end of the curve when it comes to luck, being one of them doesn't make you morally better. Of course you might be one of those people who come to work and spread your germs around to the coworkers and customers. That doesn't make you morally better either; it makes you worse. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by Impy the Impiuos Imp ( 442658 ) writes: This is why many businesses just did away with sick days and gave employees free days instead of vacation, adding 5 days to their vacation time. Now you can use those days for whatever you want. Re: (Score:2) by AK Marc ( 707885 ) writes: Then phased out the extra days, so you effectively have no sick days. The places that still have actual sick days have done studies, and found that employees perform better. Re: (Score:2) by havana9 ( 101033 ) writes: You could go to the doctor's offices or phone the doctor and kindly ask an home visit, if you feel too weak or have an high fever. I've asked very few sick days, but when I asked them was only because the doctor ordered me to stay at bed or when I was rushed to A&E. Re: (Score:2) by sjames ( 1099 ) writes: It's massive stupidity though. For one, I find many conditions will clear on their own in a day or two. I don't need a doctor to tell me that. So, I can be sick for 24 hours in the comfort of home or I can go wait for hours on end at urgent care and share whatever I have with the waiting room while they give me what they have and cough a co-pay (along with that lung) just because some asshole stuffed into a suit wants to treat everyone like children. Even in school, a parent's note is good enough. On a side n Re:Not defending Walmart but... (Score:5, Insightful) by hey! ( 33014 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:13PM (#54537909) Homepage Journal They exist to remove the incentive of you going to work and spreading your germs, among other things. But sick days is also a form of insurance, in which risk is pooled over the entire workforce. Statistically your compensation might end up a wash either way if you just look at the expected value but if you look at the statistical spread there is no comparison, particularly for low-paid workers who don't earn enough to put aside savings. If you're making $100,000 a year, a week without pay is nothing. If you're making $15,080 a year, it could mean losing your apartment or sending your kids to school without food. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by ranton ( 36917 ) writes: If you earn 15k a year, having children is a horribly irresponsible decision that should be deferred until you can actually afford to provide for their needs. That doesn't mean "never" it means "not yet". Yeah, because no one has ever gotten pregnant on accident or lost their job after already having children ... Re: Not defending Walmart but... (Score:4, Insightful) by hey! ( 33014 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:31PM (#54538079) Homepage Journal It doesn't always happen in that order: make $15K/year, then have kids. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by Stormy Dragon ( 800799 ) writes: Why do sick days even exist as a concept. Because the type of employees most companies want like them. If you don't offer sick days, you're stuck with the leftovers that they companies who did offer sick days passed on. Re: (Score:2) by omnichad ( 1198475 ) writes: How are you providing value by being sick? By staying away and not getting other employees sick, you are saving the company money. It's also a benefit that retains better employees. Re: (Score:2) by taustin ( 171655 ) writes: Sick days exist because of people like you. Re:Points? (Score:5, Informative) by Skuld-Chan ( 302449 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:24PM (#54538001) I worked at Stream International (outsourcing call center) about 10 years ago and you got 8 points. At 0 points they fired you. You lost points for being late, leaving early - stuff like that. 1 point per sick day - unless you had a doctors note, but 10 bucks an hour you didn't have health insurance so typically you worked sick, and you only visited the doctor if you were on deaths door. Even after they had a tuberculosis outbreak (no I'm not kidding - the CDC got involved and required everyone to be screened) they didn't abandon this system. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by barc0001 ( 173002 ) writes: > Even after they had a tuberculosis outbreak (no I'm not kidding - the CDC got involved and required everyone to be screened) they didn't abandon this system. Sounds to me like that's some labor lawyer's class action lawsuit wet dream.... Re: (Score:2, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: That exposes the utter foolishness of a blanket policy like this. It encourages people to come in with communicable illnesses and they get passed around and productivity drops rapidly. Sure, there are people who abuse sick time, but there are patterns that emerge. This is a case where they could learn from Dr. Demming. Take action to investigate a level of frequencies that are significant outliers. Sometimes there are legitimate reasons, and in that event I suspect a bit of compassion will pay dividends. In Re: (Score:2) by dmomo ( 256005 ) writes: Great. You're and entrepreneur. So add the cost of being sick into the price of providing your service. Just like employees consider paid time off when negotiating compensation. Boo hoo, the entrepreneurial risk-taker bemoans the downside of risk. Re:Points? (Score:4, Informative) by Stormy Dragon ( 800799 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:49PM (#54538205) Homepage On a separate note, as an entrepreneur, I don't get paid when I don't work. If your business is earning a profit you do. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by sjames ( 1099 ) writes: If you have employees and you aren't paid when you're sick, it's your own fault. Surely you're not claiming Walmart doesn't make any money if the CEO is home sick? Re: (Score:3) by Travelsonic ( 870859 ) writes: Your arguments are worth nothing if you won't put your name to them. Your arguments are worth nothing if they fail to use some sort of basic reasoning. (hint: Not putting a name to something in of itself doesn't affect the quality or lack thereof of an argument.) Re: (Score:2) by omnichad ( 1198475 ) writes: Just because the article doesn't mention one doesn't mean there isn't one. Unless you've got a copy of the employment contract, why not assume the complaint is valid? Re:Points? (Score:5, Informative) by GrumpySteen ( 1250194 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @05:23PM (#54538489) Being fired isn't a penalty? Because the article mentions being fired for having too many points. But hey, since you want more details, here's how Wal-Mart's point system works (or worked about a year ago when I was dating a woman who worked for them): If you call in at least an hour in advance...     working less than half a shift is a 1 point.     working less than a full shift but more than half is 1/2 point. If you don't call in at least an hour in advance, being absent is 4 points. For the first 6 months, employees are fired if they gain 4 points. After 6 months, they're fired at 9 points in any 6 month rolling period. Even before you reach the 4/9 point limit, however, they can assign you "coaching", which is basically a disciplinary writeup by another name. It stays in your record and can be used to justify reducing your hours, denying raises, denying promotions, etc. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by sjames ( 1099 ) writes: So, your driver's licence, birth certificate and credit cards all say "holophrastic". Didn't think so. Re: (Score:2) by drinkypoo ( 153816 ) writes: Why the fuck would you buy food from Walmart, unless it comes in a can or factory packaging? Why the fuck would you eat anything that Wal-mart sells, no matter what packaging it comes in? That should be an immediate disqualifier, even if you're in some other store. You know, "That looks good, but they sell it at Wal-mart, so it must not actually be food." Re: (Score:2) by Falos ( 2905315 ) writes: Peasants desperate for a job are lined around the corner, we actually need to make the job oppressive enough that we can use, dispose, and rotate them. That's not sarcasm, that's the literally the optimized, max-margin reaction for a glut. And it gets worse each time we trade thousands for a couple dozen "floor models" and one robotechnician. Re: (Score:2) by Falos ( 2905315 ) writes: Letting sick people heal stifles innovation. There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead. Related Links Top of the: day, week, month. 2837 commentsDonald Trump Wins US Presidency 1149 commentsGarmin Engineer Shot And Killed By Man Yelling 'Get Out Of My Country!' 1093 commentsTrump Announces US Withdrawal From Paris Climate Accord 1052 commentsUniversal Basic Income Programs Arrive 1028 commentsRussia Unveils 'Satan 2' Missile Powerful Enough To 'Wipe Out UK, France Or Texas' next VR Sports? It Can Be a Billion Dollar Business, Says Intel CEO 42 comments previous Denmark Is Killing Tesla and Other Electric Cars 161 comments Slashdot Top Deals Slashdot Post Moderate Moderator Help Delete Get more comments 100 of 214 loaded Submit Story Overdrawn? But I still have checks left! FAQ Story Archive Hall of Fame Advertising Terms Privacy Opt Out Choices About Feedback Mobile View Blog Trademarks property of their respective owners. Comments owned by the poster. Copyright © 2017 SlashdotMedia. All Rights Reserved. Close Close Slashdot Working...
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 9 hrs 4 mins S&P 500 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Dow 30 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) Nasdaq 6,305.80 +58.97 (+0.94%) Walmart Employees Will Now Deliver Packages to Your Home Jennifer Calfas Money June 1, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share The retail giant's latest move to compete with AmazonMore Walmart will now enlist its store employees to deliver packages to customers’ homes using their own cars in an effort to make its delivery system more competitive. In its most recent move against e-commerce challenger Amazon, the discount retailer announced Thursday that it will allow store employees to opt into a delivery service program that will have them drop off packages at customers’ homes on their drive home from work. Earning extra cash, employees that are part of the program will be able to choose the number of the packages and how much they weigh. Employees can opt in or out of the program — or change their preferences within it — at any time. “Not only can this cut shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently, it creates a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business,” Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart’s U.S. e-commerce program, said in a blog post. Many of the packages included in the program will be delivered the day after the order is placed, Lore said. The retail giant is currently testing the program at two stores in New Jersey and one in northwest Arkansas. Though it is unclear if or when the program will expand, Lore noted that Walmart’s stores across the U.S. are within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” he said. “It’s easy to see why this test could be a game-changer.” This is just the most recent move Walmart has made in its e-commerce efforts, which had a growth in sales of 63% in its most recent quarter, the company announced last month. In January, the company started offering a free two-day delivery service for orders $35 and over — a direct shot at Amazon Prime’s free two-day shipping program offered through a $99-per-year membership free. (Amazon responded by lowering its free shipping for non-Prime members to a $25 minimum.) And in April, Walmart also started offering web discounts for as much as $50 for pricey items for customers who could pick up their orders in the store rather than have it delivered to their homes. Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next The Future of Walmart Looks Like It Will Include Making Life Hell for Hated Rival Amazon The Street Get a softer clean while using less* CharminSponsored In San Francisco, $160,000 gets you a storage locker Yahoo Finance CNN host calls Trump a 'piece of s---' over response to London attack Business Insider 'Aren't you focusing on the wrong thing?': Anchors grill EPA administrator over leaving Paris agreement Business Insider The Best Of Australia Is Now On Offer Australia.comSponsored Walmart Workers to Executives: We Can't Pay Our Bills The Street What to watch in the markets in the week ahead Yahoo Finance Video Gmail 'Smart Reply' feature is a reminder Google scans your email Yahoo Finance Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored Married couples have 81 ways to claim Social Security. Here's how to maximize your benefits CNBC 'I sit back and wait for them to fire me': A former Googler explains the secret to success over 15 years at the company Business Insider What you need to know in markets this week Yahoo Finance This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored Malls of the Future May Be Nothing More Than Giant Parking Lots for Uber Drivers and Amazon Workers The Street Inventor of "Iron Man" jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Finance Video Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US mark: With what we are seeing no travel ban is just nuts. The constitution is not a suicide pact. Nor is compassion a reason to commit suicide. The president's job is to protect ALL Americans. This notion of an acceptable level of terrorism amongst politicians has to end. Even one death is too many if there was anyway to stop it. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.1k
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 55°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Sunday, June 4, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Replay of the Day Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Walmart to use own workers to deliver its online orders Associated Press Friday, June 02, 2017 comments BENTONVILLE, Ark. — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said yesterday. The announcement came just a day before Walmart’s annual meeting. The world’s largest retailer said workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a “very dense web” of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said yesterday. “This is not something they are required to do.” So far, employees “love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart’s labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. “When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more,” said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. Founded in 1945, Walmart operates more than 11,000 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries, according to a profile of the company on Yahoo Finance. It employs about 2.3 million people. More On: Amazon Walmart Randy Parraz Share this Article Join the Conversation Top Business Stories business & markets Toyota aims to get flying car in gear for ’20 Olympics associated press automotive RX just what doctor ordered jim mahoney business & markets Business & Markets business & markets Eversource eyes Aquarion for nearly $1.7B donna goodison Trending Now Kalter: Even deadlier drug headed to Bay State Public Health officials issue alert for statewide mumps outbreak McGovern: Justice for Bella hinges on mother's credibility Teen accidentally kills girlfriend while showing off gun he got as a graduation gift: Reports Disgruntled man releases bedbugs in Maine city office Tom Brady, Patriots teammates take part in Best Buddies Football Challenge Congregation praying for embattled pastor in sex sting Market Summary and Investments Tweets by @bostonherald ✖ Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart Announces 2017 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Voting Results FAYETTEVILLE, Ark.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) today announced shareholder voting results for its Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. Approximately 92.7 percent of all outstanding shares were present or represented by proxy at the meeting. The company reported that shareholders approved the election of each of Walmart’s 11 director nominees. Each director nominee received affirmative votes from approximately 94 percent or more of the shares voted, excluding abstentions and broker non-votes, as follows (all percentages are rounded to the nearest 1/100 of 1 percent): Director Nominee         For         Against James I. Cash, Jr. 98.95% 1.05% Timothy P. Flynn 99.40% 0.60% Carla A. Harris 98.17% 1.83% Thomas W. Horton 99.40% 0.60% Marissa A. Mayer 94.31% 5.69% C. Douglas McMillon 99.27% 0.73% Gregory B. Penner 97.16% 2.84% Steven S Reinemund 94.44% 5.56% Kevin Y. Systrom 94.45% 5.55% S. Robson Walton 94.43% 5.57% Steuart L. Walton 97.48% 2.52%   Shareholders voted on a non-binding advisory resolution to establish the frequency of future advisory shareholder votes to approve the compensation of Walmart’s named executive officers, with approximately 98.74 percent of the shares present in person or represented by proxy voting to hold such future advisory votes annually. The Board of Directors had recommended a frequency of one year. Shareholders voted to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation of Walmart’s named executive officers described in Walmart’s 2017 proxy statement, with approximately 83.14 percent of the shares present in person or represented by proxy voting in favor of this proposal. The Board of Directors had recommended a vote for this proposal. Shareholders also ratified the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Walmart’s independent accountants, with affirmative votes from approximately 99.23 percent of the shares that were present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote. The Board of Directors had recommended a vote against each of the four shareholder proposals, and each proposal failed to receive affirmative votes from a majority of the total shares that were represented at the meeting and entitled to vote and, accordingly, they did not pass. The approximate percentages of the shares present or represented by proxy at the meeting that were voted in favor of each of the four shareholder proposals are as follows: Request to adopt an independent chairman policy: approximately 15.15 percent of the shares that were present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote. Shareholder proxy access: the proposal was not formally presented at the meeting. However, the company received proxies representing approximately 26.24 percent of the shares in support of this proposal. Request for independent director with environmental expertise: approximately 2.13 percent of the shares that were present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote. Request for annual reporting of additional demographic information about full- and part-time associates in the U.S.: less than 0.01 percent of the shares that were present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote. The official voting results for each item voted on by shareholders will be disclosed in a report to be filed next week with the Securities and Exchange Commission. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Asia-Pacific Acrylic Fibre Market Size, Growth Drivers, Market Opportunities, Industry Trends and Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Asia-Pacific Acrylic Yarn Line Market Trends & Forecast to 2021- Industry Analysis by Regions, Type and Application Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition News Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Video Magazines Salute to Seniors Special Report: The Heroin Crisis Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Hoops Tourney 17 Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices About Us Contact Us e-Edition App Downloads Login 58° Overcast North Andover, MA (01845) Today Overcast with rain showers at times. High 58F. Winds E at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 60%.. Tonight Showers early becoming a steady light rain late. Low around 50F. Winds ENE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 70%. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 11:54 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition News Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Video Magazines Salute to Seniors Special Report: The Heroin Crisis Local News featured Phillips Academy grads urged to make 'Not for Self' an everyday value +7 By Peter Francis pfrancis@eagletribune.com 22 min ago Krit Classic 5K Phillips Academy Graduation Man dies in Haverhill crash after leading police on chase  'It's like no other ache in the world' 'A prince among men': Honoring the late Kendall Smith Cooperative effort supports safety on the water Author: Latino immigrants saved 'a dying city' Andover goes forward with Ballardvale station study Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Hoops Tourney 17 Local Sports Sports in a Minute: Saturday a tough day for local teams Mac Cerullo 13 min ago VIDEO from Baltimore: What did we learn in Red Sox split with the Orioles? Krit Classic 5K Andover High Volleyball Central falls to St. John's Prep, drops to loser's bracket in Super 8 Pinkerton's Ruimwijk delivers another historic day at All-States Play it again, Sam: Methuen's Weeks caps remarkable college career in style Lacrosse Scoring Leaders THE BRIDGE: Following exodus of talent to graduation, Dana Swartz remained calming presence for North Andover girls lacrosse Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Community Club News 16 hrs ago Reunions Community Calendar Brown-Bowden Engagement Club News Reunions Community Calendar Reunions Club News Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Letters To The Editor Voter ID proposal is a mistake 20 hrs ago A call for humane ways of killing animals used for food Volunteers deserve community's thanks Russia probe looms over Trump's international and domestic agenda African-American women have a message for DNC: Remember us? Right to health care is wrong argument Maybe now Democrats will rethink early voting Sound Off NH students need full-day kindergarten Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices AP Walmart touts investment in people, technology as advantages By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO Associated Press Jun 2, 2017 Updated Jun 2, 2017 FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) — Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company's investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders' meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company's investments in higher wages and training for its employees. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn't fear increasing automation in the industry. "No doubt our work will be different in the future —robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do," he continued. "Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don't think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we'll be able to learn, grow and change together." A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. "We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology," he said. But when or if that would happen is "to be determined." Walmart's moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn't remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company's online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world's largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company's efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and "Jet Fresh" delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company's acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. "The historic trade-off between price and service doesn't really exist anymore," McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies, located at Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. "I'm really excited about the environment that we're creating for people to learn," McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart's U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It's also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon's popular Prime plan. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping "free," given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. "I don't think you should have to pay for free shipping," he said. Walmart's financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But "too many of us are still part-time," she said. "Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can't plan our lives, or line up a second job." Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. "Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children," Davis said. Jeff Gearhart, executive vice president of global governance, said that last year Walmart converted 150,000 part timers to full-time work. And 200,000 were promoted to positions of greater pay or more responsibility. ___ D'Innocenzio reported from New York. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Business Technology New Products And Services Products And Services Corporate News Sales Figures Financial Performance E-commerce Internet Technology Computing And Information Technology Transportation And Shipping Industrial Products And Services Wages And Salaries Personnel Retail Industry Retail And Wholesale Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Hiring And Recruitment Online Shopping Shopping Lifestyle Locations Arkansas United States North America ADVERTISERS North of Boston Magazines Our magazines highlight people, places and events in our North of Boston communities.Read Our Magazines Featured Homes of the Week +5 2 Hill Street, Unit D, Newburyport By Sarah Ashley Pratt Text Alerts Sign Up Get text messages on your mobile phone with news, weather and more from The Eagle-Tribune.Sign up Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles UPDATE: Lawrence-based drug ring was largest fentanyl operation in state Stabbing victim remains in critical condition Salem police arrest Manchester woman connected to Londonderry armed robbery Documents: Accused fentanyl dealer sought lush life in DR Feds: 30 face drug, firearm and immigration charges in Merrimack Valley probe Haverhill police arrest suspect in downtown stabbings Haverhill crash ensued after chase Lawrence baseball bat attack leads to two arrests Man fighting for life following stabbing Police investigate two Thursday night shootings in Lawrence Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Twitter Tweets by eagletrib Connect with Us Buy our photos To view or purchase photos, visit photos.northofboston.com. First Amendment: Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. Contact Information eagletribune.com 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA 01845 Phone: 978-946-2000 Email: news@eagletribune.com Services About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Submission Forms Advertiser Index Sections Home News Sports Community Opinion Obituaries Photos Public Notices Video Gallery Weather © Copyright 2017 Eagle-Tribune, 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Expand to Asia Contact Jobs Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Walmart taps the power of VR to train the next crop of poorly-paid wage slaves by Tristan Greene — in Business 376 shares Walmart recently unveiled plans to begin using virtual reality headsets to train new employees. According to a Business Insider report, the VR system is designed to help entry-level employees (and those entering new positions) prepare for specific situations — like a holiday rush — that traditional training can’t simulate. An expected 140,000 employees will use the new VR system this year alone. Is virtual reality the best way to train retail employees? The VR training tech Walmart is implementing will be used at their Walmart Academies. These training centers across the United States allow employees to learn in a classroom environment. The company opened it’s 100th training academy in April 2017 and plans on having 200 by the end of this summer – the kind of pace only a giant like Walmart could keep up. STRIVR, the company responsible for Walmart’s new VR system, thinks it’s found the single best way to design training environments. It has Fortune 100 companies as clients and it’s at the cutting edge of VR training. Videos on the STRIVR labs website show training environments designed to help NFL players experience different on-field looks. There are also videos of environments made to teach job safety to construction workers. The applications for the tech seem to be endless, but do Walmart employees need an entire virtual Walmart environment to simulate what it’s going to be like to perform their duties? Walmart Vice President of Operations Tom Ward states that the technology will be used to simulate difficult work periods employees will encounter. This training should help employees cope with periods that aren’t neccesarily the norm, but will require competency to manage. Many Walmart employees still aren’t making $10 per hour, but they’ll be trained at brand new Walmart academies using the newest VR training technology. While it looks like the entire Walmart strategy continues to be one in which the employees are replaceable parts in a system designed to maximize profits – there is hope. The VR investment is, at least in the altruistic sense, an investment in people. Walmart isn’t replacing humans with robots any time soon. In fact – the Washington Post reports that the company will be competing with the likes of Amazon by sending packages out for delivery with employees on their way home from work. Take that drones. The next time you order something from Walmart it might be delivered by a VR trained cashier: one who lives in your neighborhood. Walmart spokesperson Ravi Jariwala told the Washington Post that “Walmart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this… 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Walmart store.” If that sounds terrifying, keep in mind that Walmart workers are hard working individuals whose options are limited. The company didn’t move next door to 90-percent of Americans by looking out for the little guy. There’s also the wage problems that plague Walmart employees. Some of the lowest-paid employees in the US are being trained in ways usually reserved for athletes and high skill jobs. Those same employees will then be offered the opportunity to drop off deliveries on their way home from work. The two ideas seem to be pushing in opposite directions — something Walmart is well versed in. They’ll save money by having employees take on risk. When actor/comedian Tracy Morgan was involved in an accident with a Walmart delivery truck he recieved 90 million dollars (that Walmart was reimbursed for) from the company. What happens when a Walmart cashier who makes minimum wage gets into an accident delivering someone’s American flag bbq set? They’ll foot the insurance hike just like any other private citizen would. Double-tapping it’s in-store employees extends the “bang for the buck” that Walmart gets by continuing to cut costs at the expense of the lowest earning employees in the company. Walmart aims to streamline training to create efficient workers that are easily replaceable by others that can be up to speed in just two weeks. It’s almost as though there is no expense Walmart won’t go to in order to continue paying the lowest wages in the country. Read next: Amazon and Audible get dramatic, offer enticing grants for playwrights Tech Share on Facebook (83) Share on Twitter (231) Tristan Greene Happy to hear your thoughts on tristan@thenextweb.com or @mrgreene1977 on Twitter. I'm a sailor who loves to write, eat, game, and dad. I've sailed around the world a few times and met more than one or two interesting people along the way. Tomorrow looks pretty fun from where I'm standing. Contact Mail Tweet Posts 6   All posts by Tristan > Here's some more distraction Xbox Game Pass isn't the Netflix of anything Tristan Greene Shady online diamond dealer proves ‘conflict-free’ is no guarantee Bryan Clark 2017 predictions for Big Data, IoT, and AI Jamie Tolentino 5 strategies to manage unexpected business growth William Watterson Lyft bests Uber (and others) in latest diversity report Rachel Kaser Donuts delivered via drone is the future we all imagined Rachel Kaser Comments Recommended Semantic banks and why you shouldn't be scared of the financial future Lauren Gilmore Most popular 1 Understand data science with access to dozens of cool courses - for less than $40 TNW Deals 2 Add Python to your web programming arsenal with this complete learning package TNW Deals Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Latest 1 Finding the right community can help your creativity Jory MacKay 2 Add Python to your web programming arsenal with this complete learning package TNW Deals 3 3 powerful ways to hack your life, find focus, and get more done Rebekah Radice 4 Stop trying to ‘be original’ and strive to be prolific instead Chris Smith 5 The Importance Of Stand-Up Desks In Start-Ups Robert Hellson Upcoming Events TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
HR Professionals Recruiters Business Leaders Board Consulting Client Login Find Recruiters eGOLD Recruitment Marketing Data eGOLD Business Leaders For Recruiters Update Business Entry Sections Sections HR Operations Leadership Compensation & Benefits Learning Resourcing Content Type News Features Insights Videos Magazine Partners & Supplier Directory More from HR Grapevine #HRGV2017 Conference Events Jobs Follow HR Grapevine on... LinkedIn Twitter Facebook YouTube Our Communities Executive Grapevine Recruitment Grapevine Business Grapevine Find Recruiters eGOLD Recruitment Marketing Data eGOLD Business Leaders For Recruiters Update Business Entry More about EG EG Corporate HR Operations Leadership Compensation & Benefits Learning Resourcing Partners & Suppliers More Executive Grapevine Recruitment Grapevine Introducing Business Grapevine Online Services eGOLD Recruitment eGOLD Business Leaders Update Business Entry News Features Insights Videos Magazine Events Jobs Follow Us Walmart asks staff to deliver packages on their commute home Fri, 2 Jun 2017 11:00am BST News Rianna Fulham HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Asking employees to go above and beyond outside of working hours is always an area of trepidation, but if their commute home could get them some extra pay they may just take up the offer. Employees at Walmart can testify, as they have been enlisted to deliver online orders on their way home from work, in the face of growing competition from Amazon. Workers will receive extra pay for the voluntary program and will be offered overtime pay, according to Walmart spokesman Ravi Jariwala. However, he declined to clarify whether employees would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination of each. The Washington Post reports that Walmart executives said the cost-saving method made sense, considering that 90% of Americans live within 10 miles of a Walmart store. “It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup,” Marc Lore, Chief Executive of Walmart’s e-commerce business said in a blog post. “Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house. Read more Who is leading your leaders? “Walmart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this. There is really strong overlap between where our associates are already heading after work and where those packages need to go.” The retail giant has said the program is a way for employees to earn extra money, however, labour experts say the ‘gig economy’ style program raises questions related to employee responsibility over the risk cost and liability associated with deliveries. “The practice seems ripe for abuse if the company does not compensate workers for the full cost of their journey, the expenses related to gas, car depreciation, and potential problems like accidents, tickets or parking expenses,” comments Stephanie Luce, a Labour Professor at the City University of New York. “Like other ‘gig economy’ type jobs, there is a potential to benefit workers — but most of the benefits accrue to the employer, not the employee.” Last year, the retailer reported $485.9billion in revenue, and this year they said it would raise its hourly minimum wage to $10 (£7.70) for most workers. However, activist groups say many employees are still struggling to make ends meet. Workers have also been sceptical about the new scheme, but Jariwala reiterates that the scheme is completely opt-in. Add Comments Most Read Across HR Grapevine In Compensation & Benefits 1 Google staff ditch HR & start own harassment blog 24/05/2017 925 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 2 Nan's brutal resignation highlights value of workplace honesty 12/05/2017 152 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 3 John Lewis ‘inadvertently’ breaks pay rules 10/05/2017 219 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 4 Cyber-hero who halted NHS hack rewarded with THIS by boss... 15/05/2017 172 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 5 Employee awarded £20k compensation for 'hurt feelings' 31/05/2017 354 1 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 6 Coca-Cola Co.'s new CEO gives THIS advice to staff 10/05/2017 244 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 7 The happiest place to work revealed 17/05/2017 221 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 8 5 signs your employees want a promotion 16/05/2017 135 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 9 5 things employees do to impress the boss 08/05/2017 184 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 10 10 most common UK bad boss traits 19/05/2017 105 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 1 John Lewis ‘inadvertently’ breaks pay rules 10/05/2017 219 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 2 Cyber-hero who halted NHS hack rewarded with THIS by boss... 15/05/2017 172 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 3 Sacked McDonald's Gran claims $100k after dismissal 26/05/2017 56 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 4 10 highest paid UK jobs with the smallest gender gap 30/05/2017 99 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 5 6 reasons why you should pay your staff as much as possible 24/05/2017 126 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 6 How bosses are tricking staff out of holiday 09/05/2017 103 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 7 Uber & Deliveroo biggest HR issues - they're not what you think... 26/05/2017 186 1 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 8 The weirdest benefits of 2017 so far 15/05/2017 179 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 9 Something to hide? Only 5 out of 9,000 firms release gender pay gap details 09/05/2017 96 1 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 10 UK workers face staggering retirement age rise 26/05/2017 95 2 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Guide to Fleet Management The rise of the environmentally friendly fleet HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Driving to Succeed HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd How to run a greener fleet HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Are fleets becoming increasingly varied? HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Helping HR navigate vehicle rental HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Hybrid fleets raising smiles beyond the Boardroom HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd HR's role within a driving for work programme HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Get ahead of the game by registering now Submit Example Newsletter Remind me later * By registering you agree that you have read and agree to our Terms and Conditions and that Executive Grapevine International Ltd and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content and products. Related Insights 5 tips to maintain mental health support May 2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd How to create a healthy workplace May 2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd How to stop your employees leaving for a better paid job May 2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Do workplace dress codes need a refresh? May 2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd How are you helping stressed employees? April 2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Follow us on Twitter Follow @HRGrapevine Follow us on LinkedIn Magazine Features The great expenses policy April 2017 HR claims back a great expenses policy as... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Driven to distraction April 2017 3 measures to adopt to help keep workers'... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Why financial inclusion matters April 2017 Government urges employers to provide more... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Like us on Facebook Read More Trumpcare could give employers power to control staff contraceptives 01/06/2017 News 15 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 10 highest paid UK jobs with the smallest gender gap 30/05/2017 News 99 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd UK workers face staggering retirement age rise 26/05/2017 News 95 2 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Uber & Deliveroo biggest HR issues - they're not what you think... 26/05/2017 News 186 1 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Sacked McDonald's Gran claims $100k after dismissal 26/05/2017 News 56 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 6 reasons why you should pay your staff as much as possible 24/05/2017 News 126 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd © 1979-2017 Executive Grapevine International Ltd Corporate Contact Us Our Team Terms & Conditions Data Licensing Cookie Policy Privacy Legal Media Centre
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Walmart Walmart asking staff to deliver online orders on their way home US supermarket trialling scheme that sees workers drop off packages on their commute in attempt to close gap with rival Amazon Walmart in Bentonville, Arkansas, one of the places where the scheme is being trialled. Photograph: Marc F. Henning/Alamy Walmart Walmart asking staff to deliver online orders on their way home US supermarket trialling scheme that sees workers drop off packages on their commute in attempt to close gap with rival Amazon Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Rupert Neate @RupertNeate Friday 2 June 2017 14.36 EDT Last modified on Friday 2 June 2017 17.13 EDT US supermarket giant Walmart is asking employees to deliver online orders to customers on their way home from work in an attempt to close the gap with rival Amazon. Walmart, which employes about 1.5 million workers in its 4,700 US stores, said it “just makes sense” for them to deliver packages on the way home as 90% of Americans live within 10 miles of one of its stores. Marc Lore, Walmart’s head of e-commerce operations, said the scheme would cut shipping costs, increase speed of delivery and allow workers to earn extra cash. “It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfilment centres to stores for pickup,” he said in a blog post. “Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination … Imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way. It’s easy to see why this test could be a gamechanger.” The company has been testing the new delivery process with workers at three stores for the past month, but did not offer details about where or when the plan would be expanded across the US. The “last mile” of deliveries, when packages are driven to customers’ homes, are often most expensive part of the online delivery process and a challenge that many supermarkets and delivery companies are trying to solve. Tesco is attempting to use robots to delivery groceries in the UK. Britain’s biggest supermarket this week announced it had successfully used a six-wheeled buggy to deliver food from stores to homes in some parts of central London. The company said it planned to widen the pilot scheme in partnership with Starship Technologies, who make the robots that have also been used by takeaway company Just Eat. The robots will be able to carry items within a three-mile radius. Amazon has also been testing drones for deliveries in the UK. In the US, Walmart has been struggling to keep up with Amazon’s fast deliveries, which have tempted some shoppers to switch from travelling to the supermarket to having their goods delivered via Amazon Prime, which offers next-day delivery in more than 5,000 US cities. Lore has been spearheading Walmart’s drive to catch up, since the Arkansas-based retailer bought his Jet.com online delivery firm for $3.3bn last year. At the time, Walmart said the purchase of Jet was “another jolt of entrepreneurial spirit being injected into Walmart”. Lore, Jet’s founder and chief executive, became Walmart’s president of e-commerce as part of the deal. The delivery trial is voluntary for store workers, who can sign up for a maximum of 10 deliveries a day. The retailer did not share details on pay for those deliveries. The test is limited to three stores in New Jersey and Arkansas. The announcement came ahead of Walmart’s annual shareholder meeting on Friday. Walmart, which owns Asda in the UK, is the world’s largest retailer and made $486bn revenue last year, compared with Amazon’s $136bn. But Walmart has made little inroads online, while Amazon accounts for about a third of all online orders. Topics Walmart Couriers/delivery industry Gig economy Retail industry news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content more on this story $6.40 an hour and a few raises in nine years: how I got stuck in a Walmart career I believed that I would only be working at Walmart for a few months. I was wrong, but staying for so long taught me valuable life lessons Published: 18 May 2017 $6.40 an hour and a few raises in nine years: how I got stuck in a Walmart career Let's hold Apple and Walmart to their big environmental promises Fred Pearce It’s easy to be cynical about the recent rush of bold corporate sustainability targets, but brands that buy into a green image may find it hard to deviate too far Published: 15 May 2017 Let's hold Apple and Walmart to their big environmental promises Dead bat found in bagged salad sold at Florida Walmart prompts investigation CDC tests for rabies and regional recall follow discovery of deceased chiropteran in partially eaten packet of Fresh Express Organic Marketside Spring Mix Published: 9 Apr 2017 Dead bat found in bagged salad sold at Florida Walmart prompts investigation As more buy clothes online, Walmart eyes a piece of the action A likely deal between Walmart and Bonobos, a hybrid digital/brick-and-mortar menswear brand, may be a sign of the future of retail Published: 22 Apr 2017 As more buy clothes online, Walmart eyes a piece of the action Largest US police union asks Amazon to pull 'offensive' Black Lives Matter shirt Published: 23 Dec 2016 Largest US police union asks Amazon to pull 'offensive' Black Lives Matter shirt Walmart ordered to pay truck drivers $54m in minimum wage suit Published: 23 Nov 2016 Walmart ordered to pay truck drivers $54m in minimum wage suit Those luxury Egyptian cotton sheets you own may not be luxurious – or Egyptian Published: 19 Nov 2016 Those luxury Egyptian cotton sheets you own may not be luxurious – or Egyptian Asda sales slump puts chain at bottom of UK supermarket league Published: 17 Nov 2016 Asda sales slump puts chain at bottom of UK supermarket league More more on this story most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Business › Walmart business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Getting a buyout from the EPA?•Fed-focused bills on Capitol Hill•Which TSP fund went into the red? Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Walmart touts investment in… Walmart touts investment in people, technology as advantages By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO June 2, 2017 4:53 pm 5 min read Share FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) — Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company’s investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders’ meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company’s investments in higher wages and training for its employees. “We will compete with technology, but win with people,” McMillon told a cheering audience. Download our online chat with Col. Brandon Pearce, chief information security officer for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. Advertisement He added that workers shouldn’t fear increasing automation in the industry. “No doubt our work will be different in the future —robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do,” he continued. “Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don’t think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together.” A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. “We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology,” he said. But when or if that would happen is “to be determined.” Walmart’s moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn’t remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. Check out Federal News Radio's latest podcasts. The company’s online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world’s largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company’s efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and “Jet Fresh” delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company’s acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. “The historic trade-off between price and service doesn’t really exist anymore,” McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies, located at Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. “I’m really excited about the environment that we’re creating for people to learn,” McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart’s U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It’s also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon’s popular Prime plan. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping “free,” given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. “I don’t think you should have to pay for free shipping,” he said. Walmart’s financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But “too many of us are still part-time,” she said. “Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can’t plan our lives, or line up a second job.” Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. “Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children,” Davis said. Jeff Gearhart, executive vice president of global governance, said that last year Walmart converted 150,000 part timers to full-time work. And 200,000 were promoted to positions of greater pay or more responsibility. ___ D’Innocenzio reported from New York. Related Topics Business News Technology News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Walmart touts investment in… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories May TSP returns continue positive streak, minus one negative outlier Top Story IRS to start website overhaul in August Technology EPA's government reorganization summer homework Workforce 10 bills you missed while you were focused on the budget Legislation What’s it like inside Mattis’ Pentagon? Defense News Fed Photo of the Day USDA celebrates National Egg Day with day-old chics Today in History 1954: Sen. Joseph McCarthy charges communists are in the CIA THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Jun 02, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9816 0.0275 2.80% L 2020 25.7437 0.0680 4.59% L 2030 28.8357 0.1161 6.52% L 2040 31.1263 0.1459 7.46% L 2050 17.8873 0.0941 8.30% G Fund 15.3373 0.0009 0.98% F Fund 17.9321 0.0503 2.57% C Fund 33.9325 0.1257 8.67% S Fund 43.9355 0.1937 4.96% I Fund 28.5205 0.3243 14.31% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Close menu Education Video #OneObama Nation Politicker NewsOne Now Good News Biz/Media Live Well Entertainment Working Together About Us Privacy Terms of Service Advertising Careers Facebook Twitter Instagram Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP #OneObama Nation Politicker NewsOne Now Good News Video Education CONTACT US Top Ten Videos to watch Roland Martin Knocks Clinton Explanation For Election Loss Is Donald Trump’s Rhetoric Emboldening White Supremacists? Here’s The First Look At The Obama Presidential… Are Black Churches Doing Enough To Advocate For… Dr. Ian Smith Shares Painless Ways To Cut… 63rd Anniversary Of Brown v. Board Of Education Maxine Waters Predicts Trump Will Lose GOP Support… Trump Chaos Poses Hurdles For GOP Midterm Elections Families That Fled Flint Water Crisis No Longer… Rev. Barber’s Poor People’s Campaign To Tackle Racism,… BuzzFoto Celebrity Sightings In New York – May 18, 2017 Photo by BuzzFoto Celebrity Sightings In New York - May 18, 2017 Entertainment Home > Entertainment Walmart Insurance Company Demands Tracy Morgan Medical Records Ohio Casualty wants the comedian to testify under oath about the multimillion-dollar crash settlement he received from the retail giant. Written By Global Grind Posted 3 days ago Leave a comment 3.27K reads Tracy Morgan has been through a lot following his 2014 car crash. Now, the comedian is back and better than ever, but he’s dealing with more drama related to the nearly fatal accident. The Daily Mail reports that the funny man has been ordered to testify under oath by Walmart’s insurance company about the multi-million dollar crash settlement he got from the retail giant, which according to them, was way too generous. As you may recall, the superstore reached a deal with Morgan a year after the deadly accident on the New Jersey Turnpike that killed his friend, comedian James ‘Jimmy Mack’ McNair, and left the 30 Rock star severely injured. Walmart’s insurance company, Ohio Casualty, is demanding that Tracy be deposed over the estimated $90 million payout that he received after the crash that involved him and one of Walmart’s trucks. The company also wants the comic to turn over his medical records, income statements, information related to his future earning potential and even documents pertaining to appearances he made on Saturday Night Live and the Emmys. Court documents show that lawyers for Ohio Casualty are now requesting deposition dates from Morgan and his comedian friend Ardley Fuqua, who was a passenger in the car. Since Morgan and Fuqua neglected to respond to subpoenas to provide information to the case last year, they could potentially be held in contempt of court for failing to provide an adequate excuse. Ohio Casualty noted in the court documents, “The sole reason Morgan and Fuqua have refused to provide deposition dates is their insistence that Plaintiffs provide information that is not required under the federal rules and accept their unconditional reservation of all rights, including their reservation not to appear for a deposition at all. This is a baseless position designed to avoid giving dates for their depositions. For these reasons, Plaintiffs ask that Tracy Morgan and Ardley Fuqua be ordered to each provide Plaintiffs with dates on which they can appear for a 7-hour deposition pursuant to the subpoenas.” Tracy Morgan has yet to respond to the reports and no deposition date has been officially set. SOURCE:  Daily Mail SEE ALSO: Driver In Tracy Morgan Crash Indicted On Manslaughter Charges Tracy Morgan Settles Lawsuit With Walmart After Fatal Limo Crash Tracy Morgan , Walmart Also On News One: 55 Photos To Make You Miss The Obamas 50 photos Launch gallery 55 Photos To Make You Miss The Obamas 1. Barack gives daughter Malia a kiss Source:Getty 1 of 50 2. Michelle and Barack tell the kids a story Source:Getty 2 of 50 3. Michelle and Barack Kiss Source:Getty 3 of 50 4. Michelle and Barack Source:Getty 4 of 50 5. First Family Portrait Source:Getty 5 of 50 6. Two Terms Source:Getty 6 of 50 7. Michelle and Barack host a State Dinner Source:Getty 7 of 50 8. Barack Obama and Michelle Obama Source:Getty 8 of 50 9. Fun In The Sun Source:Instagram 9 of 50 10. The Obamas on Air Force One Source:Getty 10 of 50 11. The First Family in London Source:Getty 11 of 50 12. First Lady Michelle Obama with daughters Malia Obama and Sasha Obama Source:Getty 12 of 50 13. Barack & Sasha Source:Instagram 13 of 50 14. Sasha and Malia Obama at the 2016 State Dinner Source:Getty 14 of 50 15. Turkey Pardoning Source:Getty 15 of 50 16. Sunday Church Source:Getty 16 of 50 17. Gobble, Gobble Source:Getty 17 of 50 18. Obama & Sasha Source:Instagram 18 of 50 19. Malia Obama, the First Daughter Source:Getty 19 of 50 20. Barack Obama and his daughter Malia Obama Source:Getty 20 of 50 21. Team Obama Source:Instagram 21 of 50 22. A Family Affair Source:Getty 22 of 50 23. Flashback To The Old Days Source:Pete Souza 23 of 50 24. Happy Birthday! Source:Getty 24 of 50 25. Candidly Awesome Source:Pete Souza 25 of 50 26. The Obamas Family Portrait Source:Instagram 26 of 50 27. Historic First Family Source:Getty 27 of 50 28. Ice Cream Treat Source:Getty 28 of 50 29. TV Time Source:Pete Souza 29 of 50 30. Playing In The Oval Office Source:Instagram 30 of 50 31. Always Giving Back Source:Getty 31 of 50 32. A Christmas Story Source:Getty 32 of 50 33. Hawaii Trip! Source:Getty 33 of 50 34. Obama Loves Team USA & His Wife Source:Getty 34 of 50 35. Malia and Sasha Obama Source:Getty 35 of 50 36. Michelle Plays on a Bike Source:Getty 36 of 50 37. Obama Loves Team USA, His Wife & Malia Source:Getty 37 of 50 38. Reading Time Source:Pete Souza 38 of 50 39. Family Support Source:Getty 39 of 50 40. The Sister Selfie Source:Pete Souza 40 of 50 41. Supporting Mom Source:Pete Souza 41 of 50 42. Giving Back On MLK Day Source:Getty 42 of 50 43. Obamas Give Back To The Community Source:Getty 43 of 50 44. Always Supporting Small Businesses Source:Getty 44 of 50 45. Obama Swagger Source:Getty 45 of 50 46. Laughs & Turkeys Source:Getty 46 of 50 47. Growing Up In The White House Source:Instagram 47 of 50 48. Christmas With The Obamas Source:Getty 48 of 50 49. 50th Anniversary Of March On Selma Source:Pete Souza 49 of 50 50. Christmas Tree Lighting Source:Getty 50 of 50 Skip ad Continue reading Walmart Insurance Company Demands Tracy Morgan Medical Records 55 Photos To Make You Miss The Obamas comments – Add Yours PolitickerOne Time For NAACP To Elect A Woman President 3 days ago Trump's Whitewashing Of The Civil War Is A… 1 month ago Tale Of Two Indias: Two Families Seek Justice… 3 months ago Here Is Why I'm Not Your Feminist 3 months ago View all Trending Education No Longer The Great Equalizer For Blacks Top 10 Civil Rights Protest Songs Of All Time The Top 10 White Terrorists Of All-Time The Top 15 Civil Rights Leaders Of The 21st Century Pastor Jamal H. Bryant: “These Hoes Ain’t Loyal” The 11 Most Compelling 9/11 Conspiracy Theories Get Informed! Top Ten 4 Charged In Shooting Of Minneapolis Black Lives… Welcome To The New & Improved NewsOne The Most Dangerous Religious Extremists Hail From The… Black Women Rape Victims Are Under Assault During… View All Close Sign up for our newsletter and never miss the hot stories Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Email Submit About Us Privacy Terms of Service Advertising Careers Facebook Twitter Instagram Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Thomson Reuters» Canada Business Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt Add to ... By David Shepardson and Susan Heavey WASHINGTON — Reuters Published Friday, Jun. 02, 2017 1:59PM EDT Last updated Friday, Jun. 02, 2017 6:48PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N>, JP Morgan Chase & Co <JPM.N> and IBM Corp <IBM.N>, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc <TSLA.O> Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co <DIS.N> CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N>, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co <JPM.N>, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc <PEP.N> Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc <FB.O>, Alphabet Inc <GOOGL.O> and Goldman Sachs <GS.N>. General Electric Co <GE.N> CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co <BA.N> Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP <BX.N>. Blackrock Inc <BLK.N> Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co <GM.N> said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's <F.N> new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. (Editing by Matthew Lewis) This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   WMT-NWal Mart Stores Inc Latest Price$79.62 -0.19 (-0.24%) JPM-NJPMorgan Chase & Co Latest Price$82.64 -0.42 (-0.51%) IBM-NInternational Business Machines Corp Latest Price$152.05 -0.62 (-0.41%) Updated June 2 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics Facebook, Inc. America Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. International Business Machines Corporation United States of America Donald Trump Tesla AS Paris JPMorgan Chase & Co. General Electric Company Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Kathy Griffin says Trump family trying to ruin her News Video: On Toronto Islands, flooding is becoming a part of life News Trudeau says Canadian governments ‘won’t rest’ on opioid crisis News 'Enough is enough' in approach to U.K. terror threat: Theresa May News Video: 'I'm going to stand up for London': resident recalls night of terror attack News London police respond to deadly terror attack Report on Business Barrie McKenna: Ottawa fighting back in NAFTA trade war, but at what cost? Report on Business Gen Y Money: What you need to know about owning and buying a condo News Ottawa mayor says Canada Day security will be ‘heightened’ Arts Stars come together for One Love Manchester concert News Manila casino shows video of gunman's attack News Trump's climate call gets bad reception in Asia ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor For low-income employees, Ontario’s minimum wage hike is ‘a good start’ Life Young travellers plan Canada 150 meet-ups on Via Rail Most popular Anticipation builds as Comey set to break silence on Trump New concerns emerge over Conservative leadership voting process updated London terror attack: Canadian killed identified as Chrissy Archibald of B.C. John Doyle: One Love Manchester was a powerful, defiant act of joy Enbridge eyes pipeline expansion after merger with Spectra Energy X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Make Save Borrow Grow Live More Deals Walmart Tests New Home-Delivery Program Krystal Steinmetz June 2, 2017 Photo by Tupungato / Shutterstock.com Walmart Tests New Home-Delivery Program 0 The next time you place a Walmart order online, it could be delivered to your front door by a Walmart associate — blue vest and all. The retail giant is testing a new delivery program that relies on paying its workers to hand-deliver packages to customers on their commute home from working at the store. Marc Lore, the president and CEO of Walmart U.S. eCommerce, writes in a company blog: Not only can this cut shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently, it creates a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business. Lore touts the new delivery program — which is being tested in three stores located in New Jersey and Arkansas — as a way for Walmart associates to earn extra money while driving home from work, although it’s not clear how the associates are compensated for their deliveries. According to the retail giant, participation in the delivery program is optional for its workers, although Lore says the response from its workers and customers in the test locations has been “great.” “Many orders are being delivered the next day, and associates love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” writes Lore. But Stephanie Luce, a labor professor at the City University of New York, tells The Washington Post that Walmart’s new delivery system raises a number of questions. “The practice seems ripe for abuse if the company does not compensate workers for the full cost of their journey, the expenses related to gas, car depreciation, and potential problems like accidents, tickets or parking expenses. Like other ‘gig economy’ type jobs, there is a potential to benefit workers — but in reality, most of the benefits accrue to the employer, not the employee.” Walmart’s new delivery program could help it better compete with Amazon, which has launched same-day delivery service across much of the U.S. Walmart began offering free two-day shipping on millions of items in January and also lowered its minimum purchase amount requirement for free shipping from $50 to $35. Check out “Walmart to Offer Extra Savings to Shoppers Who Pick Up Online Orders.” What do you think of Walmart using its workers to deliver packages? Sound off below or on Facebook. It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah Join our 354,418 free newsletter subscribers building wealth and destroying debt: Submit Want to Be Rich? Here's All the Advice You'll Ever Need, in 10 Simple Sentences I've been giving financial advice for 40 years, and I'm a millionaire several times over. Here are the 10 best bits of financial advice I've both given and taken. 22 Things You Should Always Buy Generic 5 Tips for Helping Boomerang Kids Without Bankrupting Yourself Boost Your Credit Score Fast With These 7 Moves 10 Golden Rules to Avoid Getting Scammed Downsizing in Your Golden Years? Decluttering Tips for Seniors What You Need to Know About Buying or Selling a Timeshare Property You Can’t Be Financially Secure Without These 10 Products Comments Walmart Tests New Home-Delivery Program Get rich quick one day at a time Sign up for our free newsletter for ways to make, save, and grow your money daily: Submit 354,418 happy subscribers 122,761 12,181 Survey Sites to Turn Extra Minutes Into Extra Money 20 Clever Ways to Make Extra Money 10 Strategies to Save Big Bucks on Amazon 5 Simple Ways to Save Money on Every Online Purchase 7 Painless Ways to Pay Off Your Mortgage Years Earlier The ABCs of Selecting a Medicare Supplement Plan How to Refinance Your Car Loan for Long-Haul Savings 6 Ways to Get Your Official FICO Score Free How to Earn Extra Money by Doing Things You’re Already Doing How to Get Amazon Prime and HBO Free 2,049 Active Deals Walmart discounts a selection of apparel, furniture, toys, appliances, and more as part of its Warehouse Clear-Out. Choose in-store pickup to dodge the $5.99 shipping fee, or bag free shipping on orders of $35 or more. (Larger items may incur additional shipping fees.) A couple of best bets: Pyle 9" Quad-View Video Monitor for $55.54 (low by $22) Singer Esteem II 23-Stitch Sewing Machine for $82.46 (low by $8) Walmart Warehouse Clear-Out Walmart discounts a selection of apparel, furniture, toys, appliances, and more as part of its Warehouse Clear-Out. Choose in-store pickup ... Read more. Updated: 2 days 13 hr ago Lowe's takes up to 40% off select appliances, grills, lighting, tools, home improvement items, and more during its Memorial Day Sale. Plus, MyLowe's members receive free shipping. (Not a member? It's free to sign up. Items over 150 lbs. incur additional surcharges.) Deal ends June 5. Lowe's Memorial Day Sale: Up to 40% off + free shipping Lowe's takes up to 40% off select appliances, grills, lighting, tools, home improvement items, and more during its Memorial Day ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 12 hr ago Disney offers a personalized family decal for free with free shipping. You'll also receive a digital version to download. Disney Personalized Family Decal for free + free shipping Disney offers a personalized family decal for free with free shipping. You'll also receive a digital version to download. Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 1 day ago At participating Jersey Mike's restaurants, buy one sub and get a second sub of equal or lesser value for free via this printable coupon. Some exclusions may apply. Click here to find a location near you. Coupon expires June 15. Jersey Mike's Subs Buy 1, get 2nd free At participating Jersey Mike's restaurants, buy one sub and get a second sub of equal or lesser value for free ... Read more. Updated: 2 days 20 hr ago That Daily Deal offers access to its June Extreme Stupid Good Deals for free. That's a $5 savings and tied with last month's mention as the best deal we could find. Through June 30, you'll receive access to exclusive rapid-fire deals, an automatic 20% discount on standard That Daily Deal and 13 Deals purchases, and free shipping on all orders. (Everything you order during this time will be shipped together during the first week of July.) Deal ends June 5. Note: Although this is a free offer, you will need to enter credit card information to get this deal. That Daily Deal June Stupid Good Deals access for free That Daily Deal offers access to its June Extreme Stupid Good Deals for free. That's a $5 savings and tied ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 9 hr ago Ending today, eBay takes $15 off orders of $75 or more via coupon code "PSAVE15TODAY" when you check out via PayPal during its Flash Sale. Plus, many qualifying orders receive free shipping. That's tied with our mention two weeks ago and a rare general discount from eBay. Coins, paper money, eBay gift cards, and real estate are excluded. Other exclusions may also apply. Note: This coupon can only be used once per PayPal account within a single transaction. eBay Flash Sale coupon: $15 off $75 or more + free shipping Ending today, eBay takes $15 off orders of $75 or more via coupon code "PSAVE15TODAY" when you check out via ... Read more. Updated: 4 hr 40 min ago Burberry cuts up to 50% off a selection of men's, women's, and kids' apparel, shoes, and accessories. Plus, all items qualify for free shipping. That's tied with our January mention and is the best sale we've seen from Burberry this season. Men's jackets start at $295, women's jackets at $395, women's boots at $140 $175, and men's shoes at $195. Burberry Sale: Up to 50% off + free shipping Burberry cuts up to 50% off a selection of men's, women's, and kids' apparel, shoes, and accessories. Plus, all items ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 5 days ago Versace takes up to 50% off a selection of men's and women's sales styles during its Spring/Summer 2017 Sale. Plus, all orders bag free shipping. Versace Sale: Up to 50% off + free shipping Versace takes up to 50% off a selection of men's and women's sales styles during its Spring/Summer 2017 Sale. Plus, ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 8 hr ago Udemy offers the Photoshop Beginners Mastery: Zero to Hero in Photoshop Course for $10. Coupon code "LEARN_PHOTOSHOP" makes it free. That's $20 off list, tied with our February mention, and the lowest price we could find. It includes 40 lectures. Photoshop Beginners Mastery Course for free Udemy offers the Photoshop Beginners Mastery: Zero to Hero in Photoshop Course for $10. Coupon code "LEARN_PHOTOSHOP" makes it free. ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 3 days ago World Market takes 50% off a selection of cookware. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, take an extra 10% off via coupon code "SAVEBIG10". Choose in-store pickup to avoid shipping fees (which start at $4.95) or get free shipping on orders of $150 or more via coupon code "SHIPFREE". (Coupons don't stack, but the shipping coupon may yield stronger savings on select orders.) Discounted items include pots, pans, skillets, and dutch ovens. A couple of best bets, each available for pickup and with prices after coupon: Lodge Logic 12" Cast Iron Skillet for $13.49 (pictured, low by $4) World Market Oval Dutch Oven for $31.49 ($39 off) Cookware at World Market: 50% off + 10% off World Market takes 50% off a selection of cookware. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, take an extra 10% off via ... Read more. Updated: 11 hr 15 min ago Ending today, Macy's offers the Highland 4-Piece 600-Tread Count Sheet Set in several colors (Grey pictured) for $29.99. Pad your order with a beauty item (they start at $4) to bag free shipping; otherwise, shipping adds $10.95. (In-store pickup may also be available.) Excluding padding, that's at least $90 off list and the lowest price we could find. This cotton and polyester blend set includes flat and fitted sheets and two pillowcases. It's available in queen, king, and California king. Highland 4-Piece 600tc Queen/King Sheet Set for $30 + free s&h w/beauty item Ending today, Macy's offers the Highland 4-Piece 600-Tread Count Sheet Set in several colors (Grey pictured) for $29.99. Pad your ... Read more. Updated: 10 hr 16 min ago Nivea offers a sample of Nivea Men Creme for free when you fill out a short form. Expect your sample to arrive in six to eight weeks. Nivea Men Creme Sample for free Nivea offers a sample of Nivea Men Creme for free when you fill out a short form. Expect your sample ... Read more. Updated: 4 days 8 hr ago Jimmy Jazz takes 70% off select items via coupon code "Sale70E". Even with $7.95 for shipping, it results in significant price lows on shoes and apparel from Reebok, adidas, and other name brands. Deal ends June 4. A couple of best bets after coupon, each with $7.95 for shipping: adidas Men's ZX Flux Sneakers for $27 (pictured, $55 low) Reebok Women's Question Mid X Melody Ehsani Basketball Shoes for $48 ($104 low) Jimmy Jazz Sale: 70% off select items Jimmy Jazz takes 70% off select items via coupon code "Sale70E". Even with $7.95 for shipping, it results in significant ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 9 hr ago RCMoment offers the DIY TriFidget Spinner in several colors (Blue pictured) for $1.32 with free shipping. That's the lowest price we could find by a buck. It measures 4" x 3". Note: The countdown timer on the product page does not reflect an actual expiration time and resets daily. Also, this product ships from China and may take two to five weeks to arrive. DIY TriFidget Spinner for $1 + free s&h from China RCMoment offers the DIY TriFidget Spinner in several colors (Blue pictured) for $1.32 with free shipping. That's the lowest price ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 9 hr ago T-Mobile announces that its T-Mobile Digits service will launch on May 31 and will be free. It allows users to use their phone number on any compatible Internet-connected smartwatch, tablet, or computer. Customers can get another Digits line for an additional $10 per month via AutoPay. Up to five numbers per device and up to five devices per number are supported. A qualifying plan is required. T-Mobile announces T-Mobile Digits launch T-Mobile announces that its T-Mobile Digits service will launch on May 31 and will be free. It allows users to ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 3 days ago It's not the usual blah, blah, blah Sign up for our free newsletter to receive our daily deals roundups by email! HSN offers the 5th-generation Amazon Fire 7" 8GB Tablet with Special Offers in Black bundled with Bella Clara Folio Case in Black or Magenta and several vouchers and credits for various services for $49.95. Pay with Visa Checkout to drop that $29.95. With free shipping, that's $10 below our April mention of just the tablet and $10 less than the lowest price we could find for the tablet alone now. It features a 7" 1024x600 touchscreen display, 1.3GHz quad-core processor, 1GB RAM, 8GB internal memory, front- and rear-facing cameras, 802.11n wireless, Bluetooth, and Fire 5 OS with Alexa. Also available is the 16GB model bundled with a Bella Clara Folio Case in Black or Magenta or a NuPro Slim Standing Case in Pink or Purple for $59.95. (Similar vouchers are also included.) Pay with Visa Checkout to drop that $39.95. With free shipping, that's tied with our April mention of a similar bundle and the lowest price we could find for the tablet alone by $20. Amazon Fire 7" 8GB Tablet w/ Case for $30 + free shipping HSN offers the 5th-generation Amazon Fire 7" 8GB Tablet with Special Offers in Black bundled with Bella Clara Folio Case ... Read more. Updated: 10 hr 42 min ago Allen Edmonds cuts up to $150 off select men's sale shoes as part its Father's Day Sale. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Choose from a variety of dress shoes and loafers. Deal ends June 18. Allen Edmonds Father's Day Sale: Up to $150 off shoes + free shipping Allen Edmonds cuts up to $150 off select men's sale shoes as part its Father's Day Sale. (Prices are as ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 3 hr ago Fulllove360 via eBay offers this 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4.21 with free shipping. That's tied with our March mention and the lowest price we could find today by $2. It features six LEDs, 640x480 resolution, and 30 fps recording. Note: It ships from Malaysia so allow up to six weeks for delivery. Update: Shipping is now 15 cents. 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4 + 15-cent s&h Fulllove360 via eBay offers this 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4.21 with free shipping. That's tied with our ... Read more. Updated: 2 days 11 hr ago Google Play offers downloads of A Stork's Journey for free. That's $12 under the lowest price we could find for a DVD pre-order of this feature-length movie. Further, this movie has not yet been released in theaters in North America, making it for a very unusual freebie. (It will be released in limited markets on June 30 and DVDs won't be released until July 4.) The movie features the voices of Drake Bell (Superhero Movie, "Drake and Josh"), YouTube star Justine "iJustine" Ezarik, and Jane Lynch (Glee). Deal ends June 28. Note: It's unclear if the download is in SD or HD. A Stork's Journey Digital Movie for free Google Play offers downloads of A Stork's Journey for free. That's $12 under the lowest price we could find for ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 9 hr ago Coach cuts up to 50% off men's and women's sale styles during its Summer Sale. (Prices are as marked.) This drops the starting price of men's wallets to $52.50 $47.50, women's scarves to $97.50 $67.50, women's shoes to $82.50, and men's shoes to $97.50. Coach Summer Sale: Up to 50% off + free shipping Coach cuts up to 50% off men's and women's sale styles during its Summer Sale. (Prices are as marked.) This ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 13 hr ago TomTop offers this Fidget Hand Tri-Spinner Toy in several colors (Yellow pictured) from $2.47. Coupon code "TOSPINNER" cuts that to 99 cents. With free shipping, that's $2 under our mention of a similar item from five days ago and a buck under the lowest price we could find for a similar spinner today. Note: The countdown timer on the product page does not reflect an actual expiration time and resets daily. Also, this item will ship from China, and may take two to six weeks to arrive. Fidget Hand Tri-Spinner Toy for $1 + free s&h from China TomTop offers this Fidget Hand Tri-Spinner Toy in several colors (Yellow pictured) from $2.47. Coupon code "TOSPINNER" cuts that to ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 14 hr ago Sperry offers its Sperry Men's Clipper Twin Gore Slip-on Loafers in Charcoal for $31.47 with free shipping. That's $68 off and the lowest price we could find. They're available in select sizes from 7.5 to 13. Sperry Men's Clipper Slip-on Loafers for $32 + free shipping Sperry offers its Sperry Men's Clipper Twin Gore Slip-on Loafers in Charcoal for $31.47 with free shipping. That's $68 off ... Read more. Updated: 11 hr 23 min ago Costco offers its members the Kirkland Signature Men's Athletic Shoes in White for $12.99 with free shipping. (Non-members incur an additional 85-cent surcharge.) That's the lowest price we could find by $5. They're available in sizes 8 to 13. Kirkland Signature Men's Athletic Shoes from $13 + free shipping Costco offers its members the Kirkland Signature Men's Athletic Shoes in White for $12.99 with free shipping. (Non-members incur an ... Read more. Updated: 3 days ago Nordstrom continues to cut up to 40% off a selection of apparel, shoes, accessories, and home items as part of its Half-Yearly Sale. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Some exclusions may apply. Sale ends June 4. Nordstrom Half-Yearly Sale: Up to 40% off + free shipping Nordstrom continues to cut up to 40% off a selection of apparel, shoes, accessories, and home items as part of ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 17 hr ago Best Buy discounts a selection of Funko Pop! Vinyl Figures, with prices starting at $4.99. Opt for in-store pickup to avoid shipping fees, which start at $5.49. Save on characters from franchises like X-Men, Star Wars, Gears of War, and Ghost in the Shell. Funko Pop! Vinyl Figures at Best Buy from $5 + pickup Best Buy discounts a selection of Funko Pop! Vinyl Figures, with prices starting at $4.99. Opt for in-store pickup to ... Read more. Updated: 1 hr 7 min ago DSW cuts 25% off a selection of Nike men's, women's, and kids' shoes. (The discount is taken from the "Compare at" price, and prices are as marked.) Choose in-store pickup to avoid the $7.95 shipping fee, or get free shipping on orders of $35 or more. Some exclusions may apply. Nike Shoes at DSW: 25% off + free shipping w/ $35 DSW cuts 25% off a selection of Nike men's, women's, and kids' shoes. (The discount is taken from the "Compare ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 7 hr ago Dr Hot Deal via eBay offers this Nonstick Grilling Mat 2-Pack for $4.99 with free shipping. Outside of other eBay sellers, that's tied with our March mention and the lowest total price we could find by $2. Each mat measures 15.5" x 13" and is designed for use on low to medium heat. Nonstick Grilling Mat 2-Pack for $5 + free shipping Dr Hot Deal via eBay offers this Nonstick Grilling Mat 2-Pack for $4.99 with free shipping. Outside of other eBay ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 3 days ago Monoprice takes up to 50% off a selection of refurbished and open-box items. (Prices are as marked.) Shipping starts at around $9. Discounted items include monitors, speakers, and audio components. Warranty information is provided on select product pages. Refurb & Open-Box Monoprice Electronics: Up to 50% off Monoprice takes up to 50% off a selection of refurbished and open-box items. (Prices are as marked.) Shipping starts at ... Read more. Updated: May 11, 2017 MiniInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Case for iPhone 7 / 7 Plus and iPhone 6 / 6s / 6 Plus / 6s Plus in several colors (Black/Red pictured) for $2.49 with free shipping. (Choose "Postal Service - No Tracking" during checkout. A 50-cent small order processing fee automatically applies.) That's the lowest price we could find by $3. The spinner is removable. Click here to see it in action. Note: This item ships from China and may take two to five weeks to arrive. Uncheck "Add shipping insurance to your order" during checkout to remove the 99-cent fee. Fidget Spinner Case for iPhone 7 and iPhone 6 for $2 + free s&h from China MiniInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Case for iPhone 7 / 7 Plus and iPhone 6 / 6s / 6 Plus ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 4 days ago LightInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Bluetooth Speaker with LEDs in several colors (Green pictured) for $3.99 with free shipping. That's a buck under the best price we could find for a similar one elsewhere. Note: This item ships from China and may take two to five weeks to arrive. Uncheck "Add Shipping Insurance to your order" during checkout to remove the 49-cent fee. Fidget Spinner Bluetooth Speaker w/ LEDs for $4 + free s&h from China LightInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Bluetooth Speaker with LEDs in several colors (Green pictured) for $3.99 with free shipping. That's ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 5 days ago More Deals × It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah Join our 354,418 free newsletter subscribers building wealth and destroying debt: Submit About Advertise Contact Contribute Scripts TV Terms Privacy © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved. Advertising Disclosure: This site may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on links posted on this website. It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah ... × Join 354,418 happy subscribers and sign up for our free newsletter! You'll get: Tips and advice from our expert money reporters. (Our average experience is 18 years!) Unexpected ways to make more and spend less, delivered to you daily. The best deals and coupons to save on everything you buy. A free PDF stuffed full of 205 ways to save and a free money course valued at $34.95! Submit 122,761 12,181
Toggle navigation Menu Home  News Local National World Politics Entertainment Sports Business Health News Tip Hotline KBNW News Team Police Scanner Weather Bend Redmond Prineville Madras Sisters Sunriver La Pine Powell Butte Culver Terrebonne Warm Springs Traffic Central Oregon Mountain Passes Road Reports Trip Check Eye on Bend Gas Prices Closures and Delays Stations KQAK-FM The Peak 104.1 95.7 FM KBNW-AM/FM KRCO-AM/FM Events Upcoming Submit An Event About MCO Contact Advertise Careers Media Kit KBNW News Team Radio Stations HBG Contest Rules Walmart tests delivery service, asks employees to deliver packages on way home Alan Schein Photography(BENTONVILLE, Ark.) — Walmart is testing a delivery service in an effort to compete with its online rival Amazon. Walmart is asking its own store employees to deliver packages ordered online as they drive home from their regular shifts. The company said this is an opt-in program and workers would be paid.  More than 4,700 Walmart stores would participate, but the company is testing the program at two stores — one in New Jersey, another in Arkansas.   The announcement came a day before the company’s annual meeting. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, according to the company. Search: Central Oregon Weather Central Oregon Traffic Facebook Twitter EYE ON BEND Recent Posts London terror attack: 'Significant progress' made in identifying assailants Posted June 4, 2017 | World News|No Comments | | @jo55adams/Twitter (LONDON) — Authorities have made “significant progress” in identifying the three suspects allegedly responsible for a terror attack in London Saturday night that killed seven people and injured dozens more, police said. Several agencies are “working Continue Reading » News Local/Central Oregon News Tip Hotline Police Scanner National/World National News World News Politics Entertainment Business Sports Health Radio Stations 105.7 KQAK THE PEAK 104.1 95.7 FM News Radio KBNW-AM/FM KRCO-AM/FM On Demand Podcasts Listen Live Air Personalities Dave Clemens Kendall Kit Mann Lisa Carton Connect Contact Advertise Facebook Twitter Help Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO Report ©2017 MyCentralOregon.com | Powered by WPB™. Served by InterTech Media LLC
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart CEO McMillon Outlines Vision for ‘Future of Shopping’ at Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Associates from around the world hear they remain the secret to Walmart’s success FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (June 2, 2017) – Today at Walmart’s 47th Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, President and CEO Doug McMillon said Walmart has “started to invent the future of shopping again,” as the company leverages technology to empower associates and improve the customer experience. Digital Press Kit Download high res photos and view executive speeches “Together, we’re building a new Walmart,” McMillon told more than 14,000 associates from across the U.S. and around the world in Bud Walton Arena at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, Ark. “We’re going to make shopping with us faster, easier and more enjoyable. We’ll do more than just save customers money and you, our associates, will make the difference. Looking ahead, we will compete with technology, but win with people. We will be people-led and tech-empowered.” Serving Customers in a Changing Retail Environment In outlining a vision for the future, McMillon said Walmart will stay ahead of changes by providing the best prices and great merchandise, while saving customers time and creating a fast, easy and enjoyable shopping experience. “We’re making every day easier for busy families and we’re using new ways of working to do it,” he said. This week, Walmart announced the company has recently begun a trial that enables store associates to deliver store items to customers in a new way to improve “last mile” delivery. The trial, which is early in development, pays participating store associates to deliver customer packages on their existing commute home from work, substantially increasing the retailer’s reach into suburban and rural communities. McMillon noted other tests that will empower and benefit customers. They include digital endless-aisle shopping in stores, automated pickup towers in stores for online orders, pickup stations in store parking lots, robotics and image analytics to scan aisles for item availability and shelf presentation and machine learning and more advanced algorithms in pricing systems. McMillon went on to highlight initiatives helping to drive company results by creating a better working experience for associates and shopping experience for customers. They include: Free two-day shipping on more than two million items, with no membership fee; A discount for customers picking up online orders in stores; Grocery pickup in many markets around the world and delivery from stores in some; Jet Fresh delivery, which provides delivery of fresh groceries to the home in 1-2 days and is now available to half of the U.S. population and growing. Driving Success Through Associates McMillon struck an optimistic tone about the future of work and technology, encouraging the company’s 2.3 million worldwide associates to “be lifelong learners.” While investments are being made in technology, he stressed that people remain central to Walmart’s business. “The secret to our success will always be our people – it will be us,” he said, highlighting Walmart’s commitment to train and equip workers with the tools and skills they need. “I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together,” he said. While Walmart will always be a place where associates can learn to run a store or lead a distribution center, McMillon went on to say the company is creating jobs in new areas, including data scientists, machine-learning engineers and mobile app developers. “More than ever, Walmart will be a ladder of opportunity.” A Trusted Retailer Making a Difference Around the World McMillon spoke about the company’s role in serving communities. “Customers have always trusted us for our low prices, but they also want to know that the products they buy are good for their families, the planet and the people that made them,” he said. McMillon pointed to ways Walmart gives back to communities, including programs to source $20 billion from women-owned businesses – a goal that was met last year – and to source $250 billion in products that support American jobs over a 10-year period. He also highlighted projects to source more local and sustainable products and reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the company’s supply chain by one gigaton by 2030, praising Walmart’s suppliers as allies in this work. “Our world is increasingly transparent and we’re out to earn trust,” he said. “When people shine a light on Walmart and see our decisions – the jobs we create, the activities in our supply chain – we want them to like what they see.” For more information on Walmart’s Shareholders’ Meeting or to watch a replay of the event, please visit WalmartShareholders.com. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Veterans 360 Inc. Launches the First Transition Support Smartphone Application Next PostNext Global Cement System Emulsion Sales Market by Product Types, Application and Growth Forecasts to 2021 Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart CEO McMillon Outlines Vision for ‘Future of Shopping’ at Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Associates from around the world hear they remain the secret to Walmart’s success FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (June 2, 2017) – Today at Walmart’s 47th Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, President and CEO Doug McMillon said Walmart has “started to invent the future of shopping again,” as the company leverages technology to empower associates and improve the customer experience. Digital Press Kit Download high res photos and view executive speeches “Together, we’re building a new Walmart,” McMillon told more than 14,000 associates from across the U.S. and around the world in Bud Walton Arena at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, Ark. “We’re going to make shopping with us faster, easier and more enjoyable. We’ll do more than just save customers money and you, our associates, will make the difference. Looking ahead, we will compete with technology, but win with people. We will be people-led and tech-empowered.” Serving Customers in a Changing Retail Environment In outlining a vision for the future, McMillon said Walmart will stay ahead of changes by providing the best prices and great merchandise, while saving customers time and creating a fast, easy and enjoyable shopping experience. “We’re making every day easier for busy families and we’re using new ways of working to do it,” he said. This week, Walmart announced the company has recently begun a trial that enables store associates to deliver store items to customers in a new way to improve “last mile” delivery. The trial, which is early in development, pays participating store associates to deliver customer packages on their existing commute home from work, substantially increasing the retailer’s reach into suburban and rural communities. McMillon noted other tests that will empower and benefit customers. They include digital endless-aisle shopping in stores, automated pickup towers in stores for online orders, pickup stations in store parking lots, robotics and image analytics to scan aisles for item availability and shelf presentation and machine learning and more advanced algorithms in pricing systems. McMillon went on to highlight initiatives helping to drive company results by creating a better working experience for associates and shopping experience for customers. They include: Free two-day shipping on more than two million items, with no membership fee; A discount for customers picking up online orders in stores; Grocery pickup in many markets around the world and delivery from stores in some; Jet Fresh delivery, which provides delivery of fresh groceries to the home in 1-2 days and is now available to half of the U.S. population and growing. Driving Success Through Associates McMillon struck an optimistic tone about the future of work and technology, encouraging the company’s 2.3 million worldwide associates to “be lifelong learners.” While investments are being made in technology, he stressed that people remain central to Walmart’s business. “The secret to our success will always be our people – it will be us,” he said, highlighting Walmart’s commitment to train and equip workers with the tools and skills they need. “I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together,” he said. While Walmart will always be a place where associates can learn to run a store or lead a distribution center, McMillon went on to say the company is creating jobs in new areas, including data scientists, machine-learning engineers and mobile app developers. “More than ever, Walmart will be a ladder of opportunity.” A Trusted Retailer Making a Difference Around the World McMillon spoke about the company’s role in serving communities. “Customers have always trusted us for our low prices, but they also want to know that the products they buy are good for their families, the planet and the people that made them,” he said. McMillon pointed to ways Walmart gives back to communities, including programs to source $20 billion from women-owned businesses – a goal that was met last year – and to source $250 billion in products that support American jobs over a 10-year period. He also highlighted projects to source more local and sustainable products and reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the company’s supply chain by one gigaton by 2030, praising Walmart’s suppliers as allies in this work. “Our world is increasingly transparent and we’re out to earn trust,” he said. “When people shine a light on Walmart and see our decisions – the jobs we create, the activities in our supply chain – we want them to like what they see.” For more information on Walmart’s Shareholders’ Meeting or to watch a replay of the event, please visit WalmartShareholders.com. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Veterans 360 Inc. Launches the First Transition Support Smartphone Application Next PostNext Global Cement System Emulsion Sales Market by Product Types, Application and Growth Forecasts to 2021 Search Recent Posts Pertumbuhan Global Diperkirakan Menguat Menjadi 2,7 Persen Seiring Membaiknya Kondisi Marketing and global brand rockstars to speak at ADMA Global Forum 2017 Property Investment: Good and Bad Tips La FDA investiga hallazgos de hepatitis A relacionados con atún congelado Global And China Composite Adhesives Industry 2017 Market Research Report Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Walmart touts investment in people, technology as advantages - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS Hourly Forecast Information Southeastern's season comes to an end following loss to Rice Mayor Landrieu expresses support for NOPD after most violent day of the year Contact Us WBXH-TV Editorials NEWS Local News Investigators Slideshows Regional News National News Crime Stoppers Health Power of 9 Hand It On Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Links Mentioned 9News This Morning Anchors and Reporters WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Sports Headlines LSU earns 3rd straight WCWS trip SU Headlines Saints Headlines Pelicans Headlines 2016 Warrick Dunn Award Traffic Investigators The Investigators: Caught Red Handed: Inmate escapes caught on surveillance The Investigators: Misuse of Position? Mayor accused of escorting people into town hall, helping them vote WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Contests Slideshows Take A Road Trip Best of the Class: 2017 Double Day Stirrin It Up Recipes Recipe Calendars About Programming The WAFB 9News Mobile Apps 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business Walmart touts investment in people, technology as advantages 2017-06-02T21:07:43Z2017-06-02T21:10:58Z By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO Associated Press FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) - Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company's investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders' meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering - part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting - comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company's investments in higher wages and training for its employees. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn't fear increasing automation in the industry. "No doubt our work will be different in the future -robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do," he continued. "Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don't think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we'll be able to learn, grow and change together." A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. "We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology," he said. But when or if that would happen is "to be determined." Walmart's moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn't remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company's online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world's largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company's efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and "Jet Fresh" delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company's acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. "The historic trade-off between price and service doesn't really exist anymore," McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies, located at Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. "I'm really excited about the environment that we're creating for people to learn," McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart's U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It's also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon's popular Prime plan. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping "free," given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. "I don't think you should have to pay for free shipping," he said. Walmart's financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But "too many of us are still part-time," she said. "Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can't plan our lives, or line up a second job." Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. "Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children," Davis said. Jeff Gearhart, executive vice president of global governance, said that last year Walmart converted 150,000 part timers to full-time work. And 200,000 were promoted to positions of greater pay or more responsibility. ___ D'Innocenzio reported from New York. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Cosby's image as father, family man on the line at sex trial Cosby's image as father, family man on the line at sex trial Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:18 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:18 GMT Bill Cosby goes on trial Monday in the only criminal case to emerge from the dozens of sexual assault allegations lodged against him.More >> Bill Cosby goes on trial Monday in the only criminal case to emerge from the dozens of sexual assault allegations lodged against him.More >> Run, Hide, Tell? London attack response likely saved lives Run, Hide, Tell? London attack response likely saved lives Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:11 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:11 GMT As reports of stabbings in a popular London nightspot started flowing in late Saturday, police sent out a tweet warning people in the area to run, hide and then call authorities.More >> As reports of stabbings in a popular London nightspot started flowing in late Saturday, police sent out a tweet warning people in the area to run, hide and then call authorities.More >> Things to know about Ohio police shooting retrial Things to know about Ohio police shooting retrial Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:07 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:07 GMT Testimony is expected to begin this week in the murder retrial of a white former police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black motorist during a 2015 traffic stop in Cincinnati.More >> Testimony is expected to begin this week in the murder retrial of a white former police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black motorist during a 2015 traffic stop in Cincinnati.More >> Solo climber is 1st up mighty California rock without ropes Solo climber is 1st up mighty California rock without ropes Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:00 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:00 GMT An elite rock climber has become the first to climb alone to the top of the massive granite wall known as El Capitan in Yosemite National Park without ropes or safety gear.More >> An elite rock climber has become the first to climb alone to the top of the massive granite wall known as El Capitan in Yosemite National Park without ropes or safety gear.More >> Quickly reporting cancer complications may boost survival Quickly reporting cancer complications may boost survival Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:22 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:22:58 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:22 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:22:58 GMT A study finds that having cancer patients use home computers to report problems like nausea and fatigue surprisingly improved survival, by almost half a year.More >> A study finds that having cancer patients use home computers to report problems like nausea and fatigue surprisingly improved survival, by almost half a year.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump pulls US from global warming accord, to allies' dismay Trump pulls US from global warming accord, to allies' dismay President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> Trump pulling US from global climate pact, dismaying allies Trump pulling US from global climate pact, dismaying allies President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> Outlining options of U.S. involvement in Paris climate accord Outlining options of U.S. involvement in Paris climate accord President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon More >> President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoonMore >> Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon More >> President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoonMore >> Police release Tiger Woods' DUI arrest video Police release Tiger Woods' DUI arrest video Police in Florida have released video of Tiger Woods' DUI arrest More >> Police in Florida have released video of Tiger Woods' DUI arrestMore >> Shulkin stresses 'lot of work to do' to fix beleaguered VA Shulkin stresses 'lot of work to do' to fix beleaguered VA Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin has issued a "State of the VA" report and says President Donald Trump "deeply engaged" on veteran issues. More >> Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin has issued a "State of the VA" report and says President Donald Trump "deeply engaged" on veteran issues.More >> Police: Physician arrested at Trump hotel in DC with 2 guns Police: Physician arrested at Trump hotel in DC with 2 guns Authorities say a Pennsylvania physician who was behaving suspiciously and had made threatening remarks has been arrested at the Trump International Hotel in Washington after police found an assault-style rifle and handgun in his carMore >> Authorities say a Pennsylvania physician who was behaving suspiciously and had made threatening remarks has been arrested at the Trump International Hotel in Washington after police found an assault-style rifle and handgun in his carMore >> Top Trump aide exiting: First shoe to drop in wider shuffle? Top Trump aide exiting: First shoe to drop in wider shuffle? A top communications aide to President Donald Trump is exiting the White House as the embattled president considers a broader staffing shake-up amid rising anxieties over the investigation into his campaign's ties to Russia. More >> A top communications aide to President Donald Trump is exiting the White House as the embattled president considers a broader staffing shake-up amid rising anxieties over the investigation into his campaign's ties to Russia.More >> Hat brand Kangol returns jobs to US, finds itself struggling Hat brand Kangol returns jobs to US, finds itself struggling If home is where you hang your hat, Kangol is struggling to afford its pricey new US digs More >> If home is where you hang your hat, Kangol is struggling to afford its pricey new US digsMore >> Nancy Pelosi says Trump should respect others, honor facts Nancy Pelosi says Trump should respect others, honor facts U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi says President Donald Trump should channel more of his White House predecessors by respecting other people's points of view and adhering to facts More >> U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi says President Donald Trump should channel more of his White House predecessors by respecting other people's points of view and adhering to factsMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Business All Agriculture Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Retail Startups Tourism Wal-Mart execs respond to analysts and media questions on e-commerce, corruption investigation Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Lawrence County Detention Center project on schedule and below projected budget Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Arkansas tax revenue collections above revised forecast in May Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Lawrence County Detention Center project on schedule and below projected budget Fort Smith Schools Superintendent gets one-year contract extension, millage vote will not happen in 2017 Panel: Thriving economies can spring from just one or two cultural ‘anchors’ Sen. Boozman seeks to designate U.S. 67 as I-57; could be years before it becomes an interstate Video / Podcasts Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Sen. Tom Cotton questions anonymous-sourced stories, supportive of Trump’s foreign diplomacy Revenue and Tax chairman wants highway plan inside tax code overhaul Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Arkansas Transportation Report: Arkansas River traffic dips below 900,000 tons in April, lowest level since 2011 Little Rock harbor project underway, latest in several TIGER-funded projects in Arkansas Executive leadership additions continue at USA Truck The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Wal-Mart execs say company doing well, but ‘tectonic changes in retail’ require more work BusinessLatest NewsRetail by Michael Tilley (mtilley@talkbusiness.net) 2 days ago 201 views  Tags: Wal-Mart shareholder meeting 0 SHARES Share Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs addresses the audience at the company's 47th annual shareholders' meeting. Thousands of Wal-Mart employees, shareholders, curious capitalists, shiny celebrities, and a few constant critics gathered Friday morning in Fayetteville, Arkansas, for the now popular and predictable annual meeting. It contains, arguably, an element of televangelism, with the call to Christ replaced by the celebration of commerce. With country music star and The Voice judge Blake Shelton serving as host, several Wal-Mart executives and employees made the case that the world’s largest retailer is on the right track as they work to grow a business that now boasts 260 million customers a week at stores in 28 countries. To be sure, it’s been a good year financially for Wal-Mart Stores, even with much of the retail sector reporting declines in store traffic and revenue. The first quarter earnings report was better than equity analysts expected, even with net income down by 1.3% to $3.039 billion. The $1 net income per share beat the consensus estimate of 96 cents per share. Revenue was slightly less than analysts expected as Wal-Mart reported top line sales of $117.5 billion compared to the consensus of $117.7 billion. That said, revenue grew 1.4% from the $115.904 billion in the year-ago quarter. Some deflationary pricing and foreign currency exchange rates drove down revenue by roughly $1.3 billion in the quarter. There were more things going right for Wal-Mart in the quarter with comparable store sales growth of 1.4% in U.S. stores and a 1.5% jump in same-store traffic. This marks the 10th consecutive quarter of positive comp traffic for the retail giant. On a two-year stacked basis, comp traffic is up 3%. Comp sales have been up for the past 11 quarters behind improved U.S. store results. Barron’s contributor Vito Racanelli puts Wal-Mart on a short list of those surviving against the onslaught of Amazon. Gordon Haskett Research Advisors recently initiated coverage of Wal-Mart one week ahead of earnings. The analyst rated the stock a “buy” with an aggressive one-year target price of $90. “We’ve long been critical on Wal-Mart after years of under-investing and a lack of focus on its U.S. segment. However, this is not your father’s Wal-Mart anymore,” noted Chuck Grom, senior analyst with Gordon Haskett. He said on the back end of $6 billion of investments to improve e-commerce capabilities and shopping convenience to more customers, Wal-Mart looks primed to regain its productivity loop momentum with traffic already bouncing back. Grom said it’s easier to keep positive momentum than to get it. “Equally important, Wal-Mart is not backing down against Amazon,” Grom said. “Instead, it’s building a digital ecosystem that should have tangible benefits across the enterprise. We think the stock is a prime candidate to be re-rated higher given both of the aforementioned factors.” ‘TECTONIC CHANGES’ Wal-Mart Board Chairman Greg Penner told the audience of more than 14,000 that the momentum is something on which the company should build. “At Wal-Mart, we have a lot to celebrate right now,” Penner said, but stressed “that doesn’t mean we can get comfortable” because there are “tectonic changes in retail.” After a video showing Wal-Mart co-founder Sam Walton encouraging the company to look for and promote “mavericks” who challenge the system, Penner said the company must continue to seek those eager to push for new ideas and innovations. He said managing mavericks and constantly seeking change is a “harder and more strenuous” path, but it will “lead to the future of retail.” What has also been difficult is the approximately $2.7 billion spent in the past few years by the company to hire more people, boost pay and support more training. Much of the money has been spent on e-commerce investments as Wal-Mart struggles to compete with online retail giant Amazon. Wal-Mart has partially invested in boosting its retail category expertise with acquisitions of online specialty retailers like Jet.com, Moosejaw, ShoeBuy and ModCLoth. Men’s clothier Bonobos is rumored to be the next deal and could cost Wal-Mart at least $300 million. The specialty online retailer sells items that range in price between $100 and $1,000, significantly higher than apparel sold in Walmart U.S. stores. But to continue to support the investments, Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs said the company must also focus on cutting expenses. Expenses as a percentage of sales have grown in the past few years, he said. He said a 1% overall expense reduction could add $1 billion to company’s bottom line. ‘A NEW WALMART’ Using the parts of a song as his theme, Wal-Mart Stores President and CEO Doug McMillon said the company must continue to focus on delivering results, creating “shared value,” better serving customers, and taking care of employees. “Together we’re building a new Wal-Mart,” McMillon said. “We’re going to make shopping with us faster, easier and more enjoyable. We’ll do more than just save customers money and you, our associates, will make the difference. Looking ahead, we will compete with technology, but win with people. We will be people-led and tech-empowered.” Changes touted by McMillon included: • Free two-day shipping on more than 2 million online items; • Discounts for customers picking up online orders in stores; and • Grocery pickup in many global markets and delivery from stores in some markets. McMillon said the company will continue to experiment and invent. Some of the experiments according to Wal-Mart, include “digital endless-aisle shopping in stores, automated pickup towers in stores for online orders, pickup stations in store parking lots, and robotics and image analytics to scan aisles for item availability and shelf presentation.” “We have started to invent the future of shopping again. We’re making every day easier for busy families and we’re using new ways of working to do it,” he said. WAL-MART CRITICS It wasn’t all sunshine and rainbows at the meeting. Organization United for Respect (OUR) Walmart, a union-funded group, challenged Wal-Mart on its claims of better pay, environmental stewardship and employee benefits. “Through OUR Walmart, associates are directly challenging the corporation to live up to their PR on ‘investing in associates,’ becoming ‘environmentally sustainable’ and being ‘truthful and transparent,’”Andrea Dehlendorf, co-director of OUR, noted in a statement. “Living up to these promises are easily within reach for the nation’s largest corporate employer and the billionaire Walton heirs who control half of the company, but require deep change.” Following were the shareholder proposals presented by OUR Walmart. Janie Grice, a Walmart U.S. employee from Marion, S.C., asked shareholders to support a resolution calling on the company to report on how people of color are concentrated in less stable, lower-paying part time positions, and if race is a factor in hiring and promotion decisions. Carolyn Davis, a member of OUR Walmart, spoke in support of a shareholder resolution requesting that at least one Wal-Mart Board member nominee have environmental expertise. “Walmart made big promises to become one of the most environmentally sustainable retailers, but Walmart’s greenhouse gas emissions – that directly cause climate change – are not decreasing, they are increasing. That’s got to change,” Davis said in her statement. OUR Walmart also called for paid leave and sick time policies for hourly employees that mirror those for executives. “Women who work at Walmart are challenging the company to create policies that ensure the hundreds of thousands of parents working at Walmart can be there for their families, provide for their needs, and get a foothold toward economic stability,” OUR Walmart noted in a statement. Entertainers at the event were The Band Perry, Ne-Yo, Rachel Platten, Mary J. Blige and Gwen Stefani. Talk Business & Politics Senior Analyst Kim Souza contributed to this report. Comments comments Previous post C. Lowry Barnes invested as endowed chair of orthopaedic surgery at UAMS Next post Arkansas tax revenue collections above revised forecast in May Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Jason England Cash flow critical in commercial construction Marshall Ney A win for wet communities in Arkansas Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, curly mustaches and lost causes Gov. Asa Hutchinson Computer coding enthusiasm Tamika Edwards Ending poverty one judgment at a time Latest Popular Lawrence County Detention Center project on schedule and below projected budget 3 hours ago Wal-Mart execs respond to analysts and media questions on e-commerce, corruption investigation 8 hours ago Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration 13 hours ago Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission 13 hours ago Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate 13 hours ago Ernest Hemingway’s refuge in Northeast Arkansas continues to attract visitors 2,129 views Annual meeting entertainment rooted in Sam Walton’s desire for a good time 2,123 views Chick-fil-A files site plan for third location in Rogers 1,955 views The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks 1,602 views Arkansas congressional delegation applauds Trump’s withdrawal from climate treaty 1,437 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Are the NewFronts Pointless? The NewFronts imitate TV’s annual upfronts marketplace, but digital video still isn’t bought the way TV is. Why are we doing this? Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Don't Miss TV Upfronts Video Cannes Lions Digital Trouble A.I. Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Meme of the Week: The Final Word (Please?) on Covfefe 5 hours ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Samsung, Verizon, Audi and More 6 hours ago Array 0 With #WearOrange, Huge Doubles Down on Gun Safety Messaging By Lindsay Stein - 8 hours ago Array 0 Walmart Brings Back Old Brands Like Zima and Oreo O's By Jack Neff - 8 hours ago Array 0 And Here's the View From Paris ... By Simon Dumenco - 9 hours ago Array 0 Video: The Final Word (Please?) on Covfefe 5 hours ago 0 With #WearOrange, Huge Doubles Down on Gun Safety Messaging By Lindsay Stein - 8 hours ago 0 Adidas Lights Up Pogba, Messi, Suarez and Firmino in This Trippy Animated Tribute By Alexandra Jardine - 12 hours ago 0 And Here's the View From Paris ... By Simon Dumenco - 9 hours ago 0 Before You Put Your Ad Business Up for a Pitch, Read This By Mark Wnek - 21 hours ago 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Walmart Brings Back Old Brands Like Zima and Oreo O's By Jack Neff. Published on June 02, 2017. Credit: MillerCoors/YouTube Anyone feeling nostalgic about Zima or Oreo O's can thank Walmart for their comeback. The giant retailer is convinced these old brands have lingering appeal and prodded their owners to bring them back. Walmart has stepped up investments in its own private labels the past two years. But its growing product-development effort also includes getting branded suppliers to launch – more accurately relaunch – products. That's turned the world's biggest retailer into a nostalgia broker lately. Walmart's cereal buyer discovered a trend around indulgent cereals, especially as late-night snacks, as well as enduring social-media nostalgia Oreo O's, first launched in 1998 but discontinued in 2005, said Megan Crozier, senior VP-packaged goods, during a tour of Walmart's Culinary & Innovation Center next to global headquarters in Bentonville on Thursday. Related Stories Remember Zima? Clear Malt Beverage Is Poised for Comeback So the buyer went to Mondelez, owner of Oreos, and cereal maker Post, and told them: "You need to bring this back. But this time we need you to do it better than ever," Crozier said. The buyer "worked with the suppliers very closely on reformulating it and making the product even better." The result was relaunch of Oreo O's this week, starting for 90 days exclusively at Walmart, Crozier said. It's a similar story with Zima, originally launched in the early 1990s and discontinued in 2009. Oreos Cereal Credit: Post Consumer Brands "We were talking through consumer insights, and we hit on this notion that people want things that are nostalgic, things from their past that remind them of a better part of their life," said Al Dominguez, senior VP-snacks, beverage and impulse. "So we worked with our partners at MillerCoors to generate this idea, really talk them into it and convince them." Zima isn't a Walmart exclusive, but "we tried to buy as much from MillerCoors as they would allow us to buy" said Dominguez, who believes he's bought about half the limited edition of Zima hitting stores now. Walmart also heard from customers about how they liked to flavor Zima by dropping Jolly Ranchers candy into it. So the retailer will co-market the brands on social media, he said. MillerCoors does not plan to follow Walmart's lead on the co-branding; marketing a candy and alcoholic beverage together has the potential to raise age concerns. "MillerCoors has no plans to market these brands together, on social media or otherwise," a company spokesman said. "The company always encourages responsible consumption of our products and has exhibited a long-standing commitment to responsibly marketing our beers only to those 21 and older." Hershey, which sells Jolly Rancher, also said it was not involved in Walmart's plans. "We are not involved in these specific retailer marketing efforts," a representative said. "We often see retailers coming up with creative ways to merchandise and market brands that are inspired by consumer ideas, from both the past and present. This shows how relevant and popular our Jolly Rancher brand continues to be." The nostalgia appeal plays out in some of Walmart's recent advertising playing off old rock anthems, too. But Walmart's stepped-up product development effort isn't all about nostalgia or other people's brands. Executives from Chief Merchandising Officer Steve Bratspies on down went to great lengths to highlight increased emphasis on quality as well as price, including extensive testing that goes into Walmart's bargain-priced sportswear and towels. This includes "democratizing" organic foods through lower prices, such as with new organic applesauce pouches. Latriece Watkins, senior VP-consumables and over-the-counter, showcased private-label products aimed not just at the biggest mass brands, but also emerging players such as Johnson & Johnson's OTX and L'Oreal USA's Matrix salon brand.Walmart has significantly staffed up product development in its baby-care business in the past 18 months, executives said, focusing on everything from pouch meals to baby wipes and strollers, with products priced 25% to 50% below branded rivals. But Walmart's effort isn't all about knockoffs either. Its own Flower and Hard Candy cosmetics are big sellers, Watkins said. And Great Value is rolling out 28 new flavors of ice cream, more than doubling its assortment to 49 including category-original names like "Break-Up Brownie." "Aspirational products at disruptive prices" was how Scott McCall, senior VP-home and seasonal, described Walmart's product-development effort. This includes a Keurig K-Cup coffee maker hitting stores now priced at $59 -- $30 or more below prices elsewhere -- and Yankee Candles priced around $10 less than what they sell for elsewhere. In this article: Alcoholic Beverages Beauty/Fashion Beverages CMO Strategy CPG Packaged Food Research Social Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart CEO McMillon Outlines Vision for ‘Future of Shopping’ at Annual Shareholders’ Meeting FAYETTEVILLE, Ark.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Today at Walmart’s 47th Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, President and CEO Doug McMillon said Walmart has “started to invent the future of shopping again,” as the company leverages technology to empower associates and improve the customer experience. “Together, we’re building a new Walmart,” McMillon told more than 14,000 associates from across the U.S. and around the world in Bud Walton Arena at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, Ark. “We’re going to make shopping with us faster, easier and more enjoyable. We’ll do more than just save customers money and you, our associates, will make the difference. Looking ahead, we will compete with technology, but win with people. We will be people-led and tech-empowered.” Serving Customers in a Changing Retail Environment In outlining a vision for the future, McMillon said Walmart will stay ahead of changes by providing the best prices and great merchandise, while saving customers time and creating a fast, easy and enjoyable shopping experience. “We’re making every day easier for busy families and we’re using new ways of working to do it,” he said. This week, Walmart announced the company has recently begun a trial that enables store associates to deliver store items to customers in a new way to improve “last mile” delivery. The trial, which is early in development, pays participating store associates to deliver customer packages on their existing commute home from work, substantially increasing the retailer’s reach into suburban and rural communities. McMillon noted other tests that will empower and benefit customers. They include digital endless-aisle shopping in stores, automated pickup towers in stores for online orders, pickup stations in store parking lots, robotics and image analytics to scan aisles for item availability and shelf presentation and machine learning and more advanced algorithms in pricing systems. McMillon went on to highlight initiatives helping to drive company results by creating a better working experience for associates and shopping experience for customers. They include: Free two-day shipping on more than two million items, with no membership fee; A discount for customers picking up online orders in stores; Grocery pickup in many markets around the world and delivery from stores in some; Jet Fresh delivery, which provides delivery of fresh groceries to the home in 1-2 days and is now available to half of the U.S. population and growing. Driving Success Through Associates McMillon struck an optimistic tone about the future of work and technology, encouraging the company’s 2.3 million worldwide associates to “be lifelong learners.” While investments are being made in technology, he stressed that people remain central to Walmart’s business. “The secret to our success will always be our people – it will be us,” he said, highlighting Walmart’s commitment to train and equip workers with the tools and skills they need. “I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together,” he said. While Walmart will always be a place where associates can learn to run a store or lead a distribution center, McMillon went on to say the company is creating jobs in new areas, including data scientists, machine-learning engineers and mobile app developers. “More than ever, Walmart will be a ladder of opportunity.” A Trusted Retailer Making a Difference Around the World McMillon spoke about the company’s role in serving communities. “Customers have always trusted us for our low prices, but they also want to know that the products they buy are good for their families, the planet and the people that made them,” he said. McMillon pointed to ways Walmart gives back to communities, including programs to source $20 billion from women-owned businesses – a goal that was met last year – and to source $250 billion in products that support American jobs over a 10-year period. He also highlighted projects to source more local and sustainable products and reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the company’s supply chain by one gigaton by 2030, praising Walmart’s suppliers as allies in this work. “Our world is increasingly transparent and we’re out to earn trust,” he said. “When people shine a light on Walmart and see our decisions – the jobs we create, the activities in our supply chain – we want them to like what they see.” For more information on Walmart’s Shareholders’ Meeting or to watch a replay of the event, please visit WalmartShareholders.com. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la négociation – GBR, MTB Next PostNext Xtreme Drilling Corp. Announces Preliminary Results of Substantial Issuer Bid Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress

Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 6/04 Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 6/04 Updated Want to help the environment? Use solar power — without putting panels on your roof Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Walmart CEO McMillon Outlines Vision for ‘Future of Shopping’ at Annual Shareholders’ Meeting By Published: June 2, 2017 12:10 p.m. ET Share Associates from around the world hear they remain the secret to Walmart’s success FAYETTEVILLE, Ark., Jun 02, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Today at Walmart’s 47 [th] Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, President and CEO Doug McMillon said Walmart has “started to invent the future of shopping again,” as the company leverages technology to empower associates and improve the customer experience. “Together, we’re building a new Walmart,” McMillon told more than 14,000 associates from across the U.S. and around the world in Bud Walton Arena at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, Ark. “We’re going to make shopping with us faster, easier and more enjoyable. We’ll do more than just save customers money and you, our associates, will make the difference. Looking ahead, we will compete with technology, but win with people. We will be people-led and tech-empowered.” Serving Customers in a Changing Retail Environment In outlining a vision for the future, McMillon said Walmart will stay ahead of changes by providing the best prices and great merchandise, while saving customers time and creating a fast, easy and enjoyable shopping experience. “We’re making every day easier for busy families and we’re using new ways of working to do it,” he said. This week, Walmart announced the company has recently begun a trial that enables store associates to deliver store items to customers in a new way to improve “last mile” delivery. The trial, which is early in development, pays participating store associates to deliver customer packages on their existing commute home from work, substantially increasing the retailer’s reach into suburban and rural communities. McMillon noted other tests that will empower and benefit customers. They include digital endless-aisle shopping in stores, automated pickup towers in stores for online orders, pickup stations in store parking lots, robotics and image analytics to scan aisles for item availability and shelf presentation and machine learning and more advanced algorithms in pricing systems. McMillon went on to highlight initiatives helping to drive company results by creating a better working experience for associates and shopping experience for customers. They include: Free two-day shipping on more than two million items, with no membership fee; A discount for customers picking up online orders in stores; Grocery pickup in many markets around the world and delivery from stores in some; Jet Fresh delivery, which provides delivery of fresh groceries to the home in 1-2 days and is now available to half of the U.S. population and growing. Driving Success Through Associates McMillon struck an optimistic tone about the future of work and technology, encouraging the company’s 2.3 million worldwide associates to “be lifelong learners.” While investments are being made in technology, he stressed that people remain central to Walmart’s business. “The secret to our success will always be our people – it will be us,” he said, highlighting Walmart’s commitment to train and equip workers with the tools and skills they need. “I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together,” he said. While Walmart will always be a place where associates can learn to run a store or lead a distribution center, McMillon went on to say the company is creating jobs in new areas, including data scientists, machine-learning engineers and mobile app developers. “More than ever, Walmart will be a ladder of opportunity.” A Trusted Retailer Making a Difference Around the World McMillon spoke about the company’s role in serving communities.“Customers have always trusted us for our low prices, but they also want to know that the products they buy are good for their families, the planet and the people that made them,” he said. McMillon pointed to ways Walmart gives back to communities, including programs to source $20 billion from women-owned businesses – a goal that was met last year – and to source $250 billion in products that support American jobs over a 10-year period. He also highlighted projects to source more local and sustainable products and reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the company’s supply chain by one gigaton by 2030, praising Walmart’s suppliers as allies in this work. “Our world is increasingly transparent and we’re out to earn trust,” he said. “When people shine a light on Walmart and see our decisions – the jobs we create, the activities in our supply chain – we want them to like what they see.” For more information on Walmart’s Shareholders’ Meeting or to watch a replay of the event, please visit WalmartShareholders.com. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. WMT, -0.24% helps people around the world save money and live better - anytime and anywhere - in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170602005650/en/ SOURCE: Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.Media Relations Contact: Randy Hargrove, 800-331-0085 Copyright Business Wire 2017 From MarketWatch More Coverage Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Quote References WMT -0.19 -0.24% Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $79.62 -0.19 (-0.24%) Volume 7.8M Open $79.80 High $79.93 Low $79.22 P/E Ratio 18.05 Div Yield 2.56 Market Cap 241.4B
Obituaries Local News Boise State Sports Idaho Politics 64° Full Menu 64° Home Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Boise West Ada Canyon County Crime State News Nation/World News Databases Education Environment Idahoans in the Military Weather Traffic Helping Works In the Classroom Our Community Sports Sports Boise State Football Boise State Basketball Idaho Vandals High Schools Boise Hawks Idaho Steelheads Idaho Stampede Bronco Beat Extra Points Varsity Extra Blog NFL NBA NHL MLB Golf Politics Idaho Politics Elections Government and Business Capitol & State Letters from the West National Politics Business Business Business Insider Business Columns & Blogs Personal Finance Legal Notices Opinion Opinion Editorials Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Reader's Opinion Submit a Letter or Opinion Robert Ehlert Entertainment Entertainment Events Calendar Restaurant Reviews Arts and Culture Festivals Movie Reviews Movie Showtimes Music Television Books Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Puzzles Words & Deeds ArtsBeat Outdoors Outdoors Playing Outdoors Blog Biking Camping Fishing Hiking and Trails Hunting Winter Recreation Living Living Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Treasure Pets Religion Travel Best of Treasure Valley Heart of the Treasure Valley Margaret Lauterbach Tim Woodward Carolyn Hax Obituaries Shopping Contests Promotions Advertise Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Place An Ad About Us facebook twitter email Share More Videos 7:43 Patriot Thunder, a biker-led fundraiser, roars to life at Meridian Harley Davidson dealer Pause 2:21 Greek Food Festival adds a little Tzatziki sauce to Boise culture 1:56 Volunteers join Paint The Town and make Boise a beautiful place 2:10 Secretaries Zinke and Perdue visit Idaho 1:24 Alleged bike thief describes his crimes in Facebook Live rant as he pedals down I-84 0:19 Ford Bronco almost, but doesn't quite make it across Boise County's Grimes Creek 1:09 Is Idaho too great for hate? Leaders say it is 1:41 Myths about drowning, tips to keep your kids safe around water 2:10 Fly over the aftermath of the 2016 Pioneer Fire 5:11 Bow Wow — ‘the ‘Cheers’ of auto parts’ — to close its doors after 45 years Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email An alleged bike thief was caught by police after posting about his crimes on a Facebook Live video, where he can be seen pedaling a bicycle down Interstate 84 near Mountain Home. In the 21-minute, expletive-laden video, he talks about running away from the police and eluding capture. Facebook/Jason Granger An alleged bike thief was caught by police after posting about his crimes on a Facebook Live video, where he can be seen pedaling a bicycle down Interstate 84 near Mountain Home. In the 21-minute, expletive-laden video, he talks about running away from the police and eluding capture. Facebook/Jason Granger Local June 02, 2017 10:14 AM Walmart robbery suspect taunts police on Facebook Live, pedaling bike down interstate By Katy Moeller and Nicole Blanchard kmoeller@idahostatesman.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story A 32-year-old Michigan man tried to rob the Mountain Home Walmart on Thursday morning, and police say they now have him in custody, thanks to a video posted on social media. Mountain Home police were called to the Walmart at 11:30 a.m. Thursday for a report of threats to a customer. A man later identified as Jason Granger demanded money and displayed a holster in his waistband, police said. The man, described as having red hair and a beard, was wearing blue jeans. He fled with an unspecified amount of cash on a bicycle later found to be stolen from a local church. His live broadcast may have given him away. “Investigation found a live video on Facebook from him narrating his traveling on Interstate 84,” according to a news release from Mountain Home Police Friday morning. Granger appears to reference the police interest early in the video: “You [expletive] cops can’t catch me. Like my new wheels, guys? Isn’t that a sweet bike? I’m still running from any cop I come across. Catch me if you can.” And later, in regards to the bike he was riding: “Compliments of the [expletive] community center I [expletive] robbed it from. It was a pretty cool community center. ... In fact, I might go back and take some more [expletive].” Working off a description provided by Mountain Home investigators, two Idaho State Police motorcycle troopers spotted Granger along I-84. Told that the man had indicated at Walmart that he might have a gun, the troopers held Granger at gunpoint until Mountain Home officers drove out and arrested him, an ISP spokesman said. Granger was booked into the Elmore County Jail on charges of attempted armed robbery and burglary. Mountain Home Police Lt. Ron Harmon said the report on the case hasn’t been completed, and he doesn’t yet know whether Granger was in possession of a gun at the time he was arrested. Idaho court records show one sealed case for Granger in Elmore County. “I don’t think we’ve dealt with him before,” Harmon said. Granger is from White Lake, Mich., police said. In the video, he says he left Michigan and was on his way to Portland. He says he stole food from the community center to make a “survival pack.” Katy Moeller: 208-377-6413, @KatyMoeller Jason Granger Elmore County Jail LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 7:43 Patriot Thunder, a biker-led fundraiser, roars to life at Meridian Harley Davidson dealer Pause 2:21 Greek Food Festival adds a little Tzatziki sauce to Boise culture 1:56 Volunteers join Paint The Town and make Boise a beautiful place 2:10 Secretaries Zinke and Perdue visit Idaho 1:24 Alleged bike thief describes his crimes in Facebook Live rant as he pedals down I-84 0:19 Ford Bronco almost, but doesn't quite make it across Boise County's Grimes Creek 1:09 Is Idaho too great for hate? Leaders say it is 1:41 Myths about drowning, tips to keep your kids safe around water 2:10 Fly over the aftermath of the 2016 Pioneer Fire 5:11 Bow Wow — ‘the ‘Cheers’ of auto parts’ — to close its doors after 45 years Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 6 hours ago Patriot Thunder, a biker-led fundraiser, roars to life at Meridian Harley Davidson dealer 7:43 6 hours ago Patriot Thunder, a biker-led fundraiser, roars to life at Meridian Harley Davidson dealer 2:21 a day ago Greek Food Festival adds a little Tzatziki sauce to Boise culture 1:56 a day ago Volunteers join Paint The Town and make Boise a beautiful place View More Video Local Hundreds of bikers roar down the road for Idaho Patriot Thunder For the second year straight, Jehovah’s Witness convention draws crowd to Nampa As Idaho ties to Basque Country grow, could a transoceanic campus be next? Boise’s Bucket of Blood Saloon was notorious As floodwaters rise, Eagle Island State park closes completely Local Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition (Digital Replica) Home Delivery Vacation Hold Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
GoSearch Replay: PIX11 News PIX11 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us New York's PIX11 / WPIX-TV Menu News Local Morning Team Contests Traffic Transit Alerts & On Demand Events Weather 61° 61° Low 61° High 66° Mon 57° 74° Tue 53° 60° Wed 54° 63° See complete forecast Walmart tests new delivery system in NJ Posted 11:50 AM, June 2, 2017, by Aliza Chasan Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email Walmart plans to have employees deliver packages on their drives home from work. (Walmart) NEW JERSEY — Walmart employees from two locations in New Jersey can now deliver packages directly to customers’s front door. Participating employees can sign up to deliver packages while they’re on their way home from work. Walmart says it will get shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently. “It creates a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business,” Walmart President and CEO Marc Lore said. Walmart employees will choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight of those packages and the days on which they’re able to make deliveries after work. There are 4,700 Walmart stores across the U.S. The chain has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the population. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Lore said. “It’s easy to see why this test could be a game-changer.”   40.058324 -74.405661 Related stories Amazon lowers free shipping minimum … again Full list of 154 Wal-Mart stores to close across U.S. Walmart gives 500,000 employees a pay raise Filed in: New Jersey, News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email WPIX Archives on Facebook A blast from NYC’s TV past. Since 1948. Popular Dying man with ‘numerous’ gunshot wounds found in car parked in Brooklyn Queens nanny arrested for allegedly assaulting 2-week-old baby Woman accused of throwing 2-year-old son strapped to stroller down subway stairs in the Bronx, cops say Baby dies after pregnant mom is seriously injured in crash with suspected drunken driver Latest News Megyn Kelly gets off to low-key start on ‘Sunday Night’ Queens woman wants her Russian-speaking parrot ‘Roma’ to return home safely Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US: ‘The bloodshed must end’ NYPD officer fighting for his life after being dragged by stolen car for several blocks in Brooklyn; 4 in custody News Grandmother viciously attacked while shopping at Georgia Walmart News Sears warns there’s ‘substantial doubt’ it can survive News ‘No justice, no pizza’: Workers hold strike at Manhattan Domino’s for fair work hours Long Island Clare Rose strikers cry foul as Long Island beer distributor moves to replace them News ‘Help me! I’m going to die’: 16-year-old girl accused of killing Uber driver with knife, machete News What should you do if you witness a racist or Islamophobic tirade? News Panera to hire 10,000 as it expands delivery service News ‘World’s strongest’ coffee makers boast ‘dangerously high’ caffeine levels News Patrons at Astoria Starbucks say ‘accessible ramp’ is not accessible News 20,000 pounds of frozen pizza recalled over listeria fears News Recall issued after bat reportedly found in packaged Fresh Express salad mix Local Stories News Costco is raising membership fees for first time since 2011 News Mom of 4 who is expecting quadruplets gets Mother’s Day surprise Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter Instagram About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 220 East 42nd Street New York, NY 10017 212-949-1100 • Copyright © 2017, WPIX • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Walmart CEO McMillon Outlines Vision for ‘Future of Shopping’ at Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Associates from around the world hear they remain the secret to Walmart’s success June 02, 2017 12:10 PM Eastern Daylight Time FAYETTEVILLE, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Today at Walmart’s 47th Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, President and CEO Doug McMillon said Walmart has “started to invent the future of shopping again,” as the company leverages technology to empower associates and improve the customer experience. “Together, we’re building a new Walmart,” McMillon told more than 14,000 associates from across the U.S. and around the world in Bud Walton Arena at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, Ark. “We’re going to make shopping with us faster, easier and more enjoyable. We’ll do more than just save customers money and you, our associates, will make the difference. Looking ahead, we will compete with technology, but win with people. We will be people-led and tech-empowered.” Serving Customers in a Changing Retail Environment In outlining a vision for the future, McMillon said Walmart will stay ahead of changes by providing the best prices and great merchandise, while saving customers time and creating a fast, easy and enjoyable shopping experience. “We’re making every day easier for busy families and we’re using new ways of working to do it,” he said. This week, Walmart announced the company has recently begun a trial that enables store associates to deliver store items to customers in a new way to improve “last mile” delivery. The trial, which is early in development, pays participating store associates to deliver customer packages on their existing commute home from work, substantially increasing the retailer’s reach into suburban and rural communities. McMillon noted other tests that will empower and benefit customers. They include digital endless-aisle shopping in stores, automated pickup towers in stores for online orders, pickup stations in store parking lots, robotics and image analytics to scan aisles for item availability and shelf presentation and machine learning and more advanced algorithms in pricing systems. McMillon went on to highlight initiatives helping to drive company results by creating a better working experience for associates and shopping experience for customers. They include: Free two-day shipping on more than two million items, with no membership fee; A discount for customers picking up online orders in stores; Grocery pickup in many markets around the world and delivery from stores in some; Jet Fresh delivery, which provides delivery of fresh groceries to the home in 1-2 days and is now available to half of the U.S. population and growing. Driving Success Through Associates McMillon struck an optimistic tone about the future of work and technology, encouraging the company’s 2.3 million worldwide associates to “be lifelong learners.” While investments are being made in technology, he stressed that people remain central to Walmart’s business. “The secret to our success will always be our people – it will be us,” he said, highlighting Walmart’s commitment to train and equip workers with the tools and skills they need. “I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together,” he said. While Walmart will always be a place where associates can learn to run a store or lead a distribution center, McMillon went on to say the company is creating jobs in new areas, including data scientists, machine-learning engineers and mobile app developers. “More than ever, Walmart will be a ladder of opportunity.” A Trusted Retailer Making a Difference Around the World McMillon spoke about the company’s role in serving communities. “Customers have always trusted us for our low prices, but they also want to know that the products they buy are good for their families, the planet and the people that made them,” he said. McMillon pointed to ways Walmart gives back to communities, including programs to source $20 billion from women-owned businesses – a goal that was met last year – and to source $250 billion in products that support American jobs over a 10-year period. He also highlighted projects to source more local and sustainable products and reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the company’s supply chain by one gigaton by 2030, praising Walmart’s suppliers as allies in this work. “Our world is increasingly transparent and we’re out to earn trust,” he said. “When people shine a light on Walmart and see our decisions – the jobs we create, the activities in our supply chain – we want them to like what they see.” For more information on Walmart’s Shareholders’ Meeting or to watch a replay of the event, please visit WalmartShareholders.com. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better - anytime and anywhere - in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. Contacts Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Media Relations Contact: Randy Hargrove, 800-331-0085 Release Summary Walmart hosts 47th Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Contacts Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Media Relations Contact: Randy Hargrove, 800-331-0085 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Tech Search Search aerospace and defenseOculus Founder Palmer Luckey Is Working on a Defense Startup Entrepreneur3 Questions You Should Ask Yourself Before Quitting Your Job trump budgetWhat the U.S. Loses If Trump Eliminates AmeriCorps CybersecurityBritain PM Theresa May Calls to ‘Regulate Cyberspace’ And Critics Are Going Ballistic PointCloud Walmart Is Looking to VR to Prep Workers for Black Friday Leena Rao Jun 02, 2017 The holiday shopping season is still months away, but Walmart is already preparing, now turning to virtual reality headsets and simulators to help new employees handle one of the busiest shopping days of the year: Black Friday. According to the retail giant, Walmart added virtual reality training into 30 of its training centers to help employees experience a real store environment, and teach them how to handle situations like massive crowds and long lines on Black Friday. All of this education can take place without having to disrupt an actual Walmart store and its customers. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter. For example, a new Walmart store manager may have never experienced a Black Friday. The VR experience could show the employee how crowded a store will get and to which areas shoppers flock. Tech news site the Verge reported that Walmart's VR training is actually powered by startup Strivr. “We’re using computer vision to map scenes, so we literally know exactly where someone's looking,” Strivr CEO Derek Belch told the Verge. “If they don't look at [the right place] and press the button indicating that they have seen the stimuli that we're looking for, we know.” That simulation is particularly helpful in knowing if an employee understands the exact layout of a store and where merchandise is placed. One of the major challenges in this scenario is that the headsets Walmart are implementing, such as the Oculus Rift, can be costly, limiting how many headsets Walmart can have in a training center. But Walmart says the results from VR training are "promising," and will now be rolling VR training out to all of its 200 training facilities by the end of 2017. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
NJ.com Menu Home News open Politics open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Legal Notices Photos/Videos open Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate open Rentals Health Classifieds open Local Businesses open Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County open All Newspapers open Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Wrestling Off Season Sports open Bergen County Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Field Hockey Football Gymnastics Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Arts Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Middlesex County Tracy Morgan reportedly ordered to testify over Walmart's huge crash payout Posted on June 2, 2017 at 10:52 AM 8 Gallery: Tracy Morgan returns to 'Saturday Night Live' By Spencer Kent skent@njadvancemedia.com, NJ Advance Media for NJ.com Tracy Morgan has been ordered to testify under oath by Walmart's insurance company, which is fighting the huge settlement the retail giant paid to the comedian in a deadly 2014 crash on the New Jersey Turnpike, according to a report by Pagesix.com. In September 2015, Morgan received a roughly $90-million payout from Walmart after he was seriously injured in the crash involving one of the company's trucks. Morgan's friend and fellow comedian, James McNair, was killed in the crash. The company's insurer, Ohio Casualty, which ordered the comedian to hand over financial documents earlier this year, is now demanding Morgan be deposed over the settlement. The insurance company has also accused Morgan of taking advantage of the system, alleging that his future earnings weren't compromised as much as he had claimed, according to a previous report. The July 7, 2014, crash on the Turnpike in Cranbury also injured Morgan's friend Ardley Fuqua. The three were riding in a limo bus after a show in Delaware. The insurance company filed court documents last week requesting deposition dates for both Morgan and Fuqua, who was also in the car with Morgan during the crash, according to Pagesix.com's report. The report also said the insurance company is asking Morgan to fork over his medical records, income statements and other financial records as well as the list of medicines prescribed to him after the crash. The company is asking that Morgan and Fuqua provide a date to testify between June 19 and Aug. 2, the report said. If they fail to provide a reason why they can't testify, they could be held in contempt of court, the report said. Morgan reached the settlement with Walmart in May 2015. That same year, he paid $13.9 million for a mansion in Alpine. Walmart paid out $10 million to McNair's two children. Kevin Roper, who was driving the Walmart truck during the crash, pleaded guilty to vehicular homicide and other charges last year, admitting that he continued to drive the truck while feeling fatigued and even after passing a Turnpike rest area in Cranbury. Spencer Kent may be reached at skent@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @SpencerMKent. Find the Find NJ.com on Facebook. View Comments nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Arts and Entertainment Sports Investigators New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos Report-It Recaps On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment News 8 Community Calendar Contests Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 57° F Overcast Hi: 67° F Lo: 56° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Arts and Entertainment Sports Investigators New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: cruisin' connecticut News 8 is Working for Connecticut nyberg stretch your dollar Latest Headlines Police take part in tactical training exercise June 4, 2017 Police took part in a tactical training exercise in Milford on Sunday night. It had been planned for months and was not in response to the a… People come out to pedal for a cause in Oxford June 4, 2017 The annual “Ride for Children” was held Sunday morning. Trump may not block Comey testimony at key public hearing June 4, 2017 Quinnipiac University professor studying abroad in London talks about attack June 4, 2017 Analyst group: IS claims London attack June 4, 2017 Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 57° F Overcast Feels Like: 57° F Wind: E 10 Humidity: 89% Dewpoint: 54° F Sunrise: 5:19 AM Sunset: 8:20 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos Report-It Recaps On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment News 8 Community Calendar Contests Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 57° F Overcast Hi: 67° F Lo: 56° F Some Walmart workers now deliver packages on their way home By CNN Published: June 2, 2017, 10:47 am Updated: June 2, 2017, 12:31 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (CNN) — “Since it’s on your way, can you drop this off?” That’s essentially what Walmart is asking some store workers, if they’ve opted to participate in a new delivery program. More specifically, the retailer is testing out the concept of having employees deliver packages to customers’ homes on their commute home. In a blog post published Thursday, Walmart (WMT) touted the idea as a way to both speed up its delivery service and help employees make a little extra money. Two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas have been trying it out over the past month, and Walmart insists “the response from associates and customers has been great.” It’s not clear when or if the program will expand. The company says it’s developed an app that allows employees to sign up for the program, and that participation is optional. The app can alert an associate when there’s an order destined for a location that’s on his or her way home. The company says “many” orders delivered in the testing program wind up arriving the day after they’re placed. By comparison, Amazon (AMZN, Tech30) has rolled out same-day delivery services across much of the country. Walmart’s program is a sign that it’s looking to compete. “It just makes sense,” the company said in the blog post. “Walmart has strength in numbers with 4,700 stores across the U.S. and more than a million associates. Our stores put us within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population.” The company declined to say how much employees are paid to take on the added responsibility — but Walmart did say that workers are “fully in control of their experience.” “Associates choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of those packages, and which days they’re able to make deliveries after work,” the blog post says. “It’s completely up to them, and they can update those preferences at any time.” Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders Panera to hire 10,000 as it expands delivery service UPS unveils Saturday delivery — and 6,000 new jobs Connecticut mother goes into labor along highway, doctor meets family to help deliver baby Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 1998-2017 wtnh.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Home NEWS Aerospace & Defense Autos Energy Financial Services Food & Services Healthcare & Pharmaceutical Logistics & Supply Chain Technology Professional Services Media & Entertainment Manufacturing & Retail C-Suite Innovation Leadership Redefined People Philanthropy Power Players Success Story Sustainability Daily Zen Communication Decision Making Productivity Strategic Thinking Work-Life Balance Opinion Emerging Markets Market Analysis New Ventures Magazine Past Issues Subscription Events ABOUT US ADVERTISING CONTACT US Home NEWS Carrie Ann , June 3, 2017 Waymo’s Self-Driving Truck Already in the Testing Stage Carrie Ann , June 2, 2017 Ohio Opioid Lawsuit Accuses Pharma Companies for Drug Overdose Deaths Aerospace & Defense Autos Energy Financial Services Food & Services Healthcare & Pharmaceutical Logistics & Supply Chain Technology Professional Services Media & Entertainment Manufacturing & Retail C-Suite Christy Gren , May 31, 2017 Former Microsoft CEO, Steve Ballmer Talks About Investment in Twitter Christy Gren , May 26, 2017 Samsung Will Set up a 500 Billion Fund to Support Small Businesses Innovation Leadership Redefined People Philanthropy Power Players Success Story Sustainability Daily Zen Christy Gren , June 2, 2017 Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Carrie Ann , April 6, 2017 Humor at Work: The road less traveled by which leads to Success Communication Decision Making Productivity Strategic Thinking Work-Life Balance Opinion Christy Gren , May 29, 2017 India is the Fastest Growing Economy in the World As Per Q1 Poll Results Christy Gren , May 8, 2017 Liquid Rich and Monetarily Poor Venezuela Emerging Markets Market Analysis New Ventures Magazine Past Issues Subscription Events Waymo’s Self-Driving Truck Already in the Testing Stage Ohio Opioid Lawsuit Accuses Pharma Companies for Drug Overdose Deaths Hyundai Electric Bus that Recharges Within an Hour to be Out by 2018 Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Audible Sets up $5 Million Fund to Encourage Emerging Playwrights Subaru XV to Shield you from Dangerous Impact Home Featured Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Featured Logistics & Supply Chain NEWS Strategic Thinking SHARE Christy Gren , June 2, 2017 / 143 0 In the current scenario, home-delivery is the most viable option people tend to prefer. This system has ramped up the market of online shopping by leaps and bounds. Now, wouldn’t it be amazing if you get your packages from the supermarket also delivered to your home? Amazon, the e-commerce giant delivers orders at your doorstep in a very convenient and smooth way. This system is the biggest competition for U.S’s supermarket chain, Walmart. The supermarket is now testing a new initiative which can prove as a successful move to close the gap with its rival, Amazon. Walmart e-commerce is towards a move that is testing a program wherein its store workers deliver packages on their way home. According to the reports on Reuters, the store workers deliver the packages that are ordered on the Walmart website after finishing their shifts. In a blog post, the head of this supermarket’s e-commerce operations, Marc Lore said that this step will cut the shipping costs. He added that it will also speed up the delivery of packages and allow Walmart’s workers to earn additional compensation. Walmart E-commerce Testing Program The company said that its trucks deliver the packages for store pick-up to retail locations. These same trucks can bring additional orders that a worker can sign up to deliver. Moreover, this is not a compulsory but a voluntary program for Walmart store workers. So, for Walmart e-commerce, it does not even pressurize its workers to compulsory deliver packages on their way home. Only the ones, who voluntarily want to do it, can do it. But Walmart has not shared the details of the compensation it will provide to the workers who voluntarily sign up. Lore said that the stores are within 16km (10 miles) of 90 percent of the population of U.S. He said that imagining all the routes the workers drive to and fro from their work, and the houses they pass along in their way; it is easy to see that the test could be a game-changer. This testing program is currently limited to three Walmart stores in Arkansas and New Jersey. Walmart’s Competition with Amazon The supermarket chain is already seeing a big time competition with the leading e-commerce giant, Amazon. Walmart even acquired Jet and other retailers to boost its e-commerce game. Ahead of Walmart’s annual meeting, one thing we know is that the company’s first quarter (Q1) sales rose at 63 percent. The company says that this surge is not due to acquisitions but it is driven by the changes in the shipping strategy; also the discount offered to shoppers picking up their online orders. While Amazon offers thousands of millions of products, Walmart is still offering only around 50 million products. Amazon had 33 percent in the online sales of the U.S last year; Walmart seeing a second position with just 7.8 percent, followed by eBay. Moreover, Amazon has launched Amazon Prime for faster deliveries. So, is delivery-on-the-way-home by workers an apt strategy for Walmart? Well, as this move is a testing program for Walmart e-commerce, we will have to wait until we see the results of this move. Benefits of the New Program The Walmart e-commerce testing program is designed in a way that can cut out the costs of the last mile distribution. Lore said that this is different from the crowd-sourced delivery. This move pulls out a huge amount of time from the last mile. This in turn, pulls out a huge amount of cost. With the Walmart e-commerce strategy, the company hopes that it will be able to use its assets in narrowing the gap with Amazon. Walmart’s assets include 4,700 stores across the U.S., 6,100 trucks, and a clan of 1.5 million U.S employees. Even if half of the 1.5 million workers turn into delivery drivers, given the voluntary scheme of the program; Walmart will not have to spend any extra dollars on employing new delivery drivers. This scheme, if it works out in the favour of the supermarket chain, will turn out to be a bull’s eye move; providing delivery service to customers without investing in more workforce. Author Christy Gren Christy Gren is an Industry Specialist Reporter at Industry Leaders Magazine; she enjoys writing about Unicorns, Silicon Valley, Startups, and Business leaders and innovators. Her articles provide an insight about the Power Players in the field of Technology, Auto, Manufacturing, and F&B. Follow Christy Gren on Twitter, Facebook & Google. Tags: supermarket chain, Walmart, walmart e-commerce, Walmart stores, walmart workers Next Article Hyundai Electric Bus that Recharges Within an Hour to be Out by 2018 Previous Article Audible Sets up $5 Million Fund to Encourage Emerging Playwrights Similar Articles Dhwani Shah, April 16, 2012 Yuan Band Move Indicates Improvements in the Economy Christy Gren, September 29, 2014 Emaar Raises $1.6 billion in IPO, Dubai’s Biggest IPO since 2007 Dhwani Shah, January 10, 2012 Asian Stocks Climb Up Before Eurozone Leaders Meet Related Posts Will the Spanish banking crisis be averted? Would the bail-out plan really help? Sharp plans to roll out the world's first 8K TV in October, for $133,000 How can Leaders Bridge the ‘Strategy to Execution Gap’ Google, Facebook, Microsoft And Others Collaborate For The Partnership On AI Leave A Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. CAPTCHA Code* 2017 CURRENT ISSUE Highlights Big Ticket Luxury Comes at a Price ‘Most Expensive Yachts’ Crowdfunded, Inc Tesla Heading To Make U.S. Car Industry No. 1 Again Imminent Trends Solar Industry to Enter a New Phase By 2020 Table of contents » Subscribe Now Already A Subscriber? Log In Past Issues (click cover to view the magazine) VIEW ALL PAST ISSUES » Get Connected 5,253 Followers 16,227 Followers 1,243 Followers RSS Feeds Most Popular Article Chan Zuckerberg Initiative raises $3 Billion for a disease-free future What will the looming U.S Government shut-down mean in real-terms? The Economics of Sony PlayStation Network & Qriocity Identity-Hacks Timothy Geithner: Raise U.S Debt Ceiling or Risk Default The Stop Online Piracy Act: What Industry Leaders Can Do About It Sign up for Daily post updates About Industry Leaders Magazine Widely seen as a CEO's Magazine, Industry Leaders is widely read by corporate executives and professionals from a wide spectrum of industries and business functions. The brand has a huge and loyal patronage amongst readers for its sharp... Read More Get Connected 5,253 Followers 16,227 Followers 1,243 Followers RSS Feeds Recent Posts Waymo’s Self-Driving Truck Already in the Testing Stage Carrie Ann , June 3, 2017 Ohio Opioid Lawsuit Accuses Pharma Companies for Drug Overdose Deaths Carrie Ann , June 2, 2017 Hyundai Electric Bus that Recharges Within an Hour to be Out by 2018 Carrie Ann , June 2, 2017 Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Christy Gren , June 2, 2017 Other Navigation ABOUT US EVENTS ADVERTISING CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS & CONDITIONS SITEMAP CAREERS Leadership Story Of The Month leadership-story-of-the-month The Great Traits of Feminine Leadership! © Copyright 2016. All Rights Reserved. Industry Leaders Current Issue Highlights Big Ticket Luxury Comes at a Price ‘Most Expensive Yachts’ Crowdfunded, Inc Tesla Heading To Make U.S. Car Industry No. 1 Again Imminent Trends Solar Industry to Enter a New Phase By 2020 Table of contents » Subscribe Now × Register today to get full access to: All articles | Magazine archives | Livestream events | Comments PASSWORD RESET EMAIL Back to Login? Register today to get full access to: All articles | Magazine archives | Livestream events | Comments LOGIN EMAIL PASSWORD CAPTCHA Code Forgot Password?
Sunday June 04 2017 9:13 pm       Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here     Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Walmart testing store employee delivery of U.S. online orders June 02, 2017, 05:00 AM The Associated Press BENTONVILLE, Ark. — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company’s annual meeting. The world’s largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a “very dense web” of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said Thursday. “This is not something they are required to do.” So far, employees “love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart’s labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. “When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more,” said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn’t provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer’s home — what the industry refers to as the “last mile” — “makes up the lion’s share of fulfillment costs,” Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says “many” packages are arriving at customers’ homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon’s $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery.     Tags: walmart, delivery, would, jariwala, online, company, Other stories from today: Painting break results in town greeting visitors with ‘sex’ Experts: Lack of warning at California dam raises alarm Brown: Republican support needed on cap-and-trade renewal     Print this Page  |  << Back   Return To Archives            Daily Journal Quick Poll   What do you think of legislation passed by the state Senate and heading to the Assembly that would create single-payer health care system in California? Love it Like the concept, but think it's too costly Think it needs more vetting Don't like that it will force people onto government insurance Think it's a good first step Don't like it at all Not sure                           Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2017 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County high school sports  
× News Breaking News Campus Local State Nation World Religion Eleven News Campus Campus News Campus Events Coverage Devotionals and Forums Sports Baseball Basketball Men’s Basketball Women’s Basketball Cheer Cougarettes Football Golf Gymnastics Outdoor Recreation Soccer Softball Swim and Dive Tennis Track and Field Volleyball Men’s Volleyball Women’s Volleyball Club Sports Hockey Lacrosse Rugby Other Club Sports Intramurals Olympic Sports Life Art Books Food Fashion Healthy Living Movies / Television Museums & Exhibitions Music Technology Theater Opinion Opinion Outpost Reader’s Forum Tweet Beat Editorials Police Beat Events Campus Events Calendar Publications Bridal Guide Eleven News Housing Guide Two Magazine Universe Archives (PDF) Special Projects Standing Rock Honorably Released A Day in the Life of BYU A Week in Photos Capital West News Comics Cougar Questions Parliament of the World’s Religions Sudoku Answers Uros Islands Project Ygram Narratives Grocery retailers offer convenience through online shopping News Breaking News Campus Local State Nation World Religion Eleven News Campus Campus News Campus Events Coverage Devotionals and Forums Sports Baseball Basketball Men’s Basketball Women’s Basketball Cheer Cougarettes Football Golf Gymnastics Outdoor Recreation Soccer Softball Swim and Dive Tennis Track and Field Volleyball Men’s Volleyball Women’s Volleyball Club Sports Hockey Lacrosse Rugby Other Club Sports Intramurals Olympic Sports Life Art Books Food Fashion Healthy Living Movies / Television Museums & Exhibitions Music Technology Theater Opinion Opinion Outpost Reader’s Forum Tweet Beat Editorials Police Beat Events Campus Events Calendar Publications Bridal Guide Eleven News Housing Guide Two Magazine Universe Archives (PDF) Special Projects Standing Rock Honorably Released A Day in the Life of BYU A Week in Photos Capital West News Comics Cougar Questions Parliament of the World’s Religions Sudoku Answers Uros Islands Project Ygram Narratives News Breaking News Campus Local State Nation World Religion Eleven News Campus Campus News Campus Events Coverage Devotionals and Forums Sports Baseball Basketball Men’s Basketball Women’s Basketball Cheer Cougarettes Football Golf Gymnastics Outdoor Recreation Soccer Softball Swim and Dive Tennis Track and Field Volleyball Men’s Volleyball Women’s Volleyball Club Sports Hockey Lacrosse Rugby Other Club Sports Intramurals Olympic Sports Life Art Books Food Fashion Healthy Living Movies / Television Museums & Exhibitions Music Technology Theater Opinion Opinion Outpost Reader’s Forum Tweet Beat Editorials Police Beat Events Campus Events Calendar Publications Bridal Guide Eleven News Housing Guide Two Magazine Universe Archives (PDF) Special Projects Standing Rock Honorably Released A Day in the Life of BYU A Week in Photos Capital West News Comics Cougar Questions Parliament of the World’s Religions Sudoku Answers Uros Islands Project Ygram Narratives Food, Healthy Living, Life Grocery retailers offer convenience through online shopping June 2, 2017 by Kelsie Matheson 0 0 0 0 0 Editor’s note: this story pairs with another titled “Food delivery is changing Provo’s night scene” American shoppers made more than half of their purchases online in 2016, according to a study by UPS. Retailers are changing the way they run their businesses in response to the shift from personal to virtual shopping —including grocery retailers. The grocery industry is the second largest retail industry in the U.S. and brings in almost $6.5 billion a year, according to the Food Marketing Institute. Wal-Mart, the largest retail company in the world based on the 2017 Global Powers of Retailing report, has provided consumers more purchasing options. “As customers are looking for new and convenient ways to shop, we remain committed to testing innovative concepts by combining digital and physical assets that enable customers to shop when, where and how they want,” according to a press release from Wal-Mart about their newly implemented pickup feature. Wal-Mart introduced its grocery pickup option for online shoppers, called Wal-Mart Grocery, last year. It allows customers to purchase groceries online and pick them up at the store that same day for no additional fee. Kiffyn Dykstra started using Wal-Mart’s pickup service when she realized she and her husband needed groceries, but she was too tired to go shopping because she is pregnant. “It is super nice because with pregnancy brain I always forget what we already have or don’t have,” Dykstra said. She prefers to fill out her online order while looking in her fridge to make sure she orders what she needs. The Dykstras have also saved money by using the Wal-Mart pickup option. “There is no extra fee, so you are just paying for the actual food, and I don’t just walk up and down the aisles buying things we don’t need that just look good because I see them,” she said. Wal-Mart Grocery does not match prices from other stores or locations. The prices are based on where the items are picked up. Online products may differ from the products that are available at the pickup location. Shoppers may choose to allow substitutions for their orders and will be charged for the lower-priced item, according to Wal-Mart’s website. “They don’t always have every brand or variety as an online option, but I can get 98 percent of what I buy at Wal-Mart,” said shopper Laura Trumbo. The only issue Trumbo had was she couldn’t just order one jalapeño pepper; she had to order a whole pound. Trumbo said she didn’t worry about it much because the price was less than a dollar. Amazon.com Inc., the leader in all things cyber-shopping, has moved into the top 10 list of the world’s largest retail chains. The company has been working its way into the grocery industry since 2007, when it launched AmazonFresh. This feature allows Amazon Prime members in select cities to purchase groceries online and have them delivered later that day or the next morning. “AmazonFresh allows customers to combine grocery and other shopping into one seamless experience that easily fits into their routines and improves their busy lives,” according to the AmazonFresh website. Late last year, Amazon.com Inc. introduced Amazon Go, a brick-and-mortar store that allows customers to enter the store, grab what they need, and leave with “no checkout required.” Amazon calls this its Just Walk Out Technology. “Our checkout-free shopping experience is made possible by the same types of technologies used in self-driving cars: computer vision, sensor fusion and deep learning,” according to the Amazon Go website. Customers make purchases online, rather than at a cash register. This new shopping experience is still in the beta phase and is only available to Amazon employees in Seattle, Washington. The company is planning to open it to the public this year. Local grocers have also started to include grocery pickup services for their customers. Macey’s Food and Drug offers Macey’s Anywhere. It first launched in October 2015 at five Utah County Macey’s locations, according to Rachael M. Wabel, Macey’s marketing and communications specialist. “Over the summer of 2016 it was rolled out to other stores, and the service is now available at all 12 Macey’s locations from Logan to Spanish Fork,” she said in an email. The company partnered with the Rosie app, which allows customers to shop on any device for their groceries. The app gives shoppers the chance to personalize their orders, especially when it comes to meat and produce.  Paige Davis, a Macey’s Anywhere shopper, loves the pickup service. “They have a little section by each product to leave a note,” Davis said, “From my experience, they have always catered to the note and I’ve gotten exactly what I want.” Macey’s Anywhere customers must submit their orders by 1 p.m. and at least 4 hours ahead of time. The last pickup slot of the day is between 7 and 8 p.m. Shoppers also have to spend a minimum of $30 on groceries and are charged a $1.99 pickup fee. The Macey’s stores in Sandy and Pleasant Grove started testing home delivery on April 3, according to Wabel. Although the convenience of at-home delivery is still favored for 65 percent of online purchases, 35 percent of shoppers prefer an alternate delivery or pickup location, according to the 2016 UPS Pulse of the Online shopper report. Online shoppers would prefer having their purchases delivered to their door, but alternative pickup options that are more affordable and save the consumer time have become more popular, according to the 2016 Pulse of the the Online Shopper report. Kelsie Matheson Kelsie is a Media News major and minoring in digital humanities. She grew up in Aurora, Utah, but currently, resides in Orem with her husband and daughter. 0 0 0 0 0 June 2, 2017 Art Books Food Fashion Healthy Living Movies & Television Museums & Exhibitions Music Technology Theater Archives Archives Select Month June 2017  (12) May 2017  (167) April 2017  (123) March 2017  (206) February 2017  (188) January 2017  (116) December 2016  (85) November 2016  (256) October 2016  (266) September 2016  (235) August 2016  (132) July 2016  (134) June 2016  (163) May 2016  (227) April 2016  (214) March 2016  (372) February 2016  (315) January 2016  (314) December 2015  (121) November 2015  (306) October 2015  (410) September 2015  (349) August 2015  (150) July 2015  (149) June 2015  (163) May 2015  (172) April 2015  (215) March 2015  (356) February 2015  (357) January 2015  (313) December 2014  (161) November 2014  (323) October 2014  (412) September 2014  (279) August 2014  (120) July 2014  (155) June 2014  (105) May 2014  (218) April 2014  (254) March 2014  (361) February 2014  (468) January 2014  (313) December 2013  (187) November 2013  (326) October 2013  (412) September 2013  (360) August 2013  (212) July 2013  (151) June 2013  (154) May 2013  (221) April 2013  (320) March 2013  (409) February 2013  (388) January 2013  (302) December 2012  (92) November 2012  (419) October 2012  (630) September 2012  (449) August 2012  (189) July 2012  (215) June 2012  (206) May 2012  (271) April 2012  (218) March 2012  (371) February 2012  (414) January 2012  (333) December 2011  (136) November 2011  (396) October 2011  (534) September 2011  (424) August 2011  (173) July 2011  (229) June 2011  (225) May 2011  (5) April 2011  (5) February 2011  (1) January 2011  (4) September 2010  (9) June 2010  (8) March 2009  (280) February 2009  (178) January 2009  (74) December 2008  (20) November 2008  (135) October 2008  (93) April 2008  (24) March 2008  (229) February 2008  (32) January 2008  (285) December 2007  (188) October 2007  (9) September 2007  (239) August 2007  (147) July 2007  (244) June 2007  (190) May 2007  (259) April 2007  (272) March 2007  (353) February 2007  (413) January 2007  (335) December 2006  (218) November 2006  (428) October 2006  (498) September 2006  (368) August 2006  (157) July 2006  (207) June 2006  (309) May 2006  (338) April 2006  (245) March 2006  (415) February 2006  (399) January 2006  (289) December 2005  (187) November 2005  (421) October 2005  (412) September 2005  (424) August 2005  (151) July 2005  (230) June 2005  (271) May 2005  (316) April 2005  (286) March 2005  (431) February 2005  (395) January 2005  (267) December 2004  (171) November 2004  (376) October 2004  (539) September 2004  (520) August 2004  (199) July 2004  (404) June 2004  (394) May 2004  (462) April 2004  (380) March 2004  (675) February 2004  (564) January 2004  (489) December 2003  (261) November 2003  (424) October 2003  (578) September 2003  (363) August 2003  (134) July 2003  (383) June 2003  (319) May 2003  (455) April 2003  (417) March 2003  (760) February 2003  (683) January 2003  (532) December 2002  (234) November 2002  (416) October 2002  (553) September 2002  (375) August 2002  (101) July 2002  (275) June 2002  (221) May 2002  (284) April 2002  (467) March 2002  (656) February 2002  (443) January 2002  (497) December 2001  (234) November 2001  (520) October 2001  (761) September 2001  (493) August 2001  (131) July 2001  (276) June 2001  (210) May 2001  (282) April 2001  (441) March 2001  (655) February 2001  (547) January 2001  (396) December 2000  (129) November 2000  (608) October 2000  (677) September 2000  (590) August 2000  (249) July 2000  (321) June 2000  (387) May 2000  (595) April 2000  (364) March 2000  (603) February 2000  (509) January 2000  (416) December 1999  (169) November 1999  (480) October 1999  (202) September 1999  (886) August 1999  (104) July 1999  (246) June 1999  (269) May 1999  (332) April 1999  (402) March 1999  (672) February 1999  (609) January 1999  (396) December 1998  (177) November 1998  (497) October 1998  (542) September 1998  (577) August 1998  (312) July 1998  (192) June 1998  (234) May 1998  (274) April 1998  (367) March 1998  (541) February 1998  (554) January 1998  (369) December 1997  (152) November 1997  (398) October 1997  (607) September 1997  (533) August 1997  (159) July 1997  (234) June 1997  (157) May 1997  (191) April 1997  (220) March 1997  (295) February 1997  (362) January 1997  (195) December 1996  (170) November 1996  (251) October 1996  (304) September 1996  (103) August 1996  (68) July 1996  (123) June 1996  (130) May 1996  (174) April 1996  (247) March 1996  (264) February 1996  (400) January 1996  (180) October 1994  (1) ABOUT US ADVERTISING BRIMHALL WEBCAM CONTACT US COPYRIGHT / PRIVACY SUBMIT NEWS TIPS UNIVERSE ARCHIVES (PDF) UNIVERSE JOBS Site Login © 2016 The Daily Universe - Brigham Young University

News Sports Business Real Estate 80° Full Menu 80° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business June 02, 2017 9:01 AM Wal-Mart's massive delivery hub rises from Alabama farmland By JOHN SHARP Al.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story MOBILE, Ala. The humble beginnings of what will blossom into a mega-distribution center are beginning to take shape on west Mobile County farmland. At the non-descript site off Interstate 10 are dozens of pickup trucks, makeshift trailers and construction machines. The only symbol that this rural tract will become home to one of Wal-Mart's biggest investments along the Gulf Coast is a simple sign that reads, "Coming Spring 2018. Walmart." "I drive out and look at the site periodically," said Troy Wayman, vice president of economic development with the Mobile Area Chamber of Commerce. "It's kind of like your baby. You want to look as often as possible. It's phenomenal to see." The world's No. 1 retailer remains on schedule with the construction of a $135 million, 2.5-million-square-foot distribution center that is expected to bolster activity at the nearby Port of Mobile and substantially increase truck traffic on Interstate 10. The construction timeline remains unchanged, and the distribution center will be fully operational by this time next year, according to a spokeswoman for Arkansas-based Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Wal-Mart will begin posting for senior-level positions, such as operations managers and area managers, starting this month or in early July. The hope, the company says, is to have a leadership team hired by the fall. Once the center is built, Wal-Mart plans to add 550 jobs to support the logistical hub that will serve 800 of Wal-Mart's 4,600 U.S. stores. Those 800 stores are scattered over a sweeping area of the nation's heartland, from Alabama to Mississippi northward to the Great Lakes region. The company broke ground on the project in March. City, county and state taxpayers are investing in the project by providing incentives totaling about $15.3 million in property and sales tax abatements and up to $6.5 million in land purchase and road improvements. "We're just excited about how the project is progressing," Wayman said. The ongoing work on the distribution center - which will rank in the top 10 percent of the company's U.S. facilities in scope and size, and will be the company's sixth import distribution center in the U.S. - comes as Wal-Mart is pushing forward on retail store and training expansions in Alabama. The company, in a news release last month, announced a multimillion-dollar capital campaign to remodel seven locations in the state: Mobile, Tuscaloosa, Brewton, Enterprise, Northport, Alexander City and Guntersville. In addition, the company is launching more of its Wal-Mart academies. Presently, there are three such academies in the state, at Wetumpka, Fairhope and Gadsden. Erica Jones, senior manager with Wal-Mart's communications team, said the new academies are part of a beefed-up training operation that began in 2015. Previous training was handled by the managers of each individual store, she said. "We'll be investing in training that our associates receive," said Jones. "The academy program is a result of that." The Alabama academies are part of 120 which have opened in the U.S. The goal, Jones said, is to open 200 of them by the end of 2017. The investments in Alabama are part of a $6.8 billion capital program nationwide, which includes the expansion and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers. In addition, Wal-Mart plans to expand its online grocery pickup services as the company positions itself to compete more aggressively against the online retail giant, Amazon. Wal-Mart, which last year reported $486 billion in annual revenue - more than three times that of Amazon - accounted for 7.8 percent in online U.S. sales last year, according to an article in the The Washington Post. Amazon, by comparison, accounted for 33 percent of online sales. In Mobile, the company is banking on utilizing the State Docks to transport Wal-Mart-bound containers to the distribution center, which is about a 15-minute drive along Interstate 10. The distribution center will be serviced by approximately 600 or more trucks that will be moving back and forth daily. To accommodate the activity, the Alabama Department of Transportation is moving forward on a $33.4 million widening of I-10 from Carol Plantation Road west toward McDonald Road, which is next to the distribution center. And as the company presses forward on its distribution center expansion, some coastal Alabama entities are hoping to see some benefits. Among them is Feeding the Gulf Coast, formerly the Bay Area Food Bank, which relies heavily on Wal-Mart contributions. The company provided $189,894 to Feeding the Gulf Coast last year, which was the largest contribution that Wal-Mart made to a food bank in Alabama. Feeding the Gulf Coast is part of the Feeding America community, which is heavily supported by the company. In fiscal year 2014, Wal-Mart accounted for 13 percent of total fundraising revenue for Feeding America, and 14.5 percent of the total pounds of food secured for food banks around the country. "We literally could not survive without the contributions of Wal-Mart and our other retail partners," said Cathy Pope, president & CEO of Feeding the Gulf Coast, calling Wal-Mart "a committed partner" in battling hunger relief. "They regularly donate time, food and funds to Feeding the Gulf Coast," Pope said. "We rely on their partnership and appreciate their efforts to end local hunger." LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 days ago FIU student who helps take care of dad, sister, gets free SUV 1:44 4 days ago FIU student who helps take care of dad, sister, gets free SUV 0:59 16 days ago Florida anaylst for PNC Bank discusses jobs report 0:37 18 days ago World of Avatar View More Video Business Program opens chances for success for students Planning a party? Created by a chef, this app lets you easily hire staff The Latest: Turnbull says up to 4 Australians were victims How schools, trains and concerts are building up Miami’s neighborhoods Correction: Plant Explosion-Wisconsin story Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home NEWS Business Education Ed Lab Local governments Courts and crime Emergency Services Obituaries Local columnists Northwest Nation World Health News Local weather Celebrations Sponsored stories OPINION Editorials Letters to the Editor Opinion columns SPORTS High School Sports College Sports Pro Sports Sports columns Walla Walla Sweets Athletes of the week Coaches' Corner Diversions Outdoors Seattle Times sports THINGS TO DO Arts Outdoors Diversions Entertainment Fundraisers Wine & Dine Events Calendar Crosswords 4th of July in the Park CLASSIFIEDS Classified ads Place a classified ad Walla Walla Business Directory Jobs Autos LIFESTYLES VISITOR GUIDE Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Toggle navigation Home NEWS Business Education Ed Lab Local governments Courts and crime Emergency Services Obituaries Local columnists Northwest Nation World Health News Local weather Celebrations Sponsored stories OPINION Editorials Letters to the Editor Opinion columns SPORTS High School Sports College Sports Pro Sports Sports columns Walla Walla Sweets Athletes of the week Coaches' Corner Diversions Outdoors Seattle Times sports THINGS TO DO Arts Outdoors Diversions Entertainment Fundraisers Wine & Dine Events Calendar Crosswords 4th of July in the Park CLASSIFIEDS Classified ads Place a classified ad Walla Walla Business Directory Jobs Autos LIFESTYLES VISITOR GUIDE Close Tony Gutierrez FILE - In an Aug. 26, 2016 file photo, people walk in and out of a Walmart store, in Dallas. Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez, File) AP Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER AP Economics Writer Jun 1, 2017 (…) Local News Feed Closure set to widen, restore Whitney Road Court report - 6/4/17 Emergency Services - 6/4/17 Teachers take to streets in Walla Walla, state over funding Plant sales make green for Lincoln High drama department More Local News Send Us Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on.Get started! Send a Letter to the Editor The Union-Bulletin strives to publish every letter we receive. To send a letter, click the button below.Get started! Tony Gutierrez FILE - In an Aug. 26, 2016 file photo, people walk in and out of a Walmart store, in Dallas. Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez, File) BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company's annual meeting. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart's labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. "When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more," said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home — what the industry refers to as the "last mile" — "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. More from this section London police report 'incident' on London Bridge 36 bodies found in Resorts World Manila, Philippines official says The judge who says he's part of the gravest injustice in America The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Business General News Locations Arkansas United States North America Send a Letter to the Editor The Union-Bulletin strives to publish every letter we receive. To send a letter, click the button below.Get started! Featured Events Performing Arts Live Music Theater And Film Danza Classica 2017 Sunday, June 4th, 2017 @ 3:00 pm – 4:30 pm Cordiner Hall The Dance Center of Walla Walla View details Classes Lectures Workshops And Public Meetings China Preview Night Monday, June 5th, 2017 @ 5:30 pm – 7:00 pm Courtyard by Marriott Walla Walla The magic and history of China is at your fingertips! Join the Walla Walla Valley Chamber of… View details Calendar Malt that Matters and Peas on Earth Saturday, June 10th, 2017 @ 10:00 am – 4:00 pm Walla Walla Community Parking Lot Wheat has been the agricultural king in the Blue Mountain country as long as the land has be… View details Calendar Food Trucks and Jamboree! Saturday, June 10th, 2017 @ 12:00 pm – 4:00 pm Milton Freewater Senior Center FOOD TRUCKS! Plus Country Music Jamboree. View details Calendar Arts Portal Gallery Artist's Reception for June Saturday, June 10th, 2017 @ 2:00 pm – 4:00 pm Arts Portal Gallery   View details Calendar Live Cinema: "Julius Caesar" - Royal Shakespeare Company Wednesday, June 14th, 2017 @ 6:00 pm – 9:00 pm Gesa Power House Theatre Gesa Power House Theatre will screen the current Royal Shakespeare Company production of "Ju… View details Calendar Jordan World Circus 2017 Wednesday, June 14th, 2017 @ 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm Walla Walla County Fairgrounds "EARLY BIRD DISCOUNTS AVAILABLE NOW" View details Calendar Hunks: The Show Friday, June 16th, 2017 @ 8:00 pm – 10:00 pm Gesa Power House Theatre The world’s foremost all male revue, “Hunks: The Show” will make a tour stop at Gesa Power H… View details Calendar Nature Kids: Childrens' Environmental Fair Tuesday, June 20th, 2017 @ 10:00 am – 5:00 pm Walla Walla Public Library Hey kids! Hurry down to the City Library on Tuesday, June 20 for the start of a two-day natu… View details Calendar Nature Kids: Childrens' Environmental Fair Wednesday, June 21st, 2017 @ 10:00 am – 5:00 pm Walla Walla Public Library Hey kids! Hurry down to the City Library on Tuesday, June 20 for the start of a two-day natu… View details Calendar Botanical Painting with Jean Ann Mitchell Saturday, June 24th, 2017 @ 10:00 am – 2:00 pm First Christian Church In this workshop, Jean Ann Mitchell will share her watercolor talents to teach painting of n… View details Calendar Sustainable Vineyards Saturday, June 24th, 2017 @ 10:00 am – 4:00 pm Walla Walla Community College Parking Lot Vinea Vineyards is a network of winegrowers united by environmentally friendly and socially … View details Calendar What Lies Beneath? Saturday, July 1st, 2017 @ 10:00 am – 2:00 pm Walla Walla Community College Parking Lot Flowing right beneath our feet in the downtown Walla Walla, Mill Creek runs quietly through … View details Fundraisers Business Classic Golf Tournament Thursday, July 13th, 2017 — all day Wine Valley Golf Club It's that time again to tee up for the 2017 Business Classic Golf Tournament presented by Co… View details Calendar Into the Watershed Saturday, July 29th, 2017 @ 10:00 am – 4:00 pm Walla Walla Community College Parking Lot Walla Walla draws its water from Mill Creek through a diversion dam, high in the Blue Mounta… View details Click here to post or promote your event Newsletters Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. Breaking News Updates Sign up to this list to receive updates on breaking stories such as emergency road closures, major local news, local weather alerts and the like. Today's headlines from the Union-Bulletin Sign up for this list to receive our top news, sports, opinions and features headlines by email. Emails arrive around 1 p.m. Monday through Friday and early Sunday. Sign up Manage your lists View all jobs Local social feed Local social feed Sections Home News Opinion Sports Things to do Photos/Video Obituaries Lifestyles Family Forum Services Help Search Subscription services Carrier services District Manager services Subscriber change of address Mail subscriptions Email newsletters Send us your news Historical archives Purchase a full-page .pdf Contact Us Contact Information Union-Bulletin.com 112 S. First Ave Walla Walla, WA 99362 Phone: 509-525-3301 Email: websupport@wwub.com © Copyright 2017 Union Bulletin, 112 S. First Ave Walla Walla, WA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Shop-O-Matic Lifestyle Shop-O-Matic Freebie Friday: Free doughnuts for National Donut Day; free movies; storm supply savings during tax holiday Here’s 10 wet and wild ways to save on summer fun, not only during Memorial Day weekend, but through August. Here’s 10 wet and wild ways to save on summer fun, not only during Memorial Day weekend, but through August. Doreen ChristensenContact ReporterSun Sentinel Freebie Friday: Celebrate National Donut Day with free doughnuts at Krisy Kreme Dunkin' Donuts and others. Privacy Policy Happy Freebie Friday! It's National Donut Day and you can celebrate the holey holiday with free doughnuts at Dunkin' Donuts, Krispy Kreme and other spots. Also, we've entered hurricane season, and it's predicted to be a busy one with five to nine named storms. Prepare and save on storm supplies during Florida's 2017 Disaster Preparedness Sales Tax Holiday through Sunday. Also, school's out and summer fun's in. Check my list of 50 free and cheap things to do, from free movies to spa treatments to museum visits. Have a great weekend and keep on saving! Connect with me: "Like" Doreen's Deals on Facebook; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter, Facebook and GooglePlus; sign up for my Freebie Friday Newsletter. FREEBIES Free doughnuts for National Donut Day on Friday Free $10 movie tickets with purchase of P&G products at Publix Free tax on eligible hurricane supplies during Florida's 2017 Disaster Preparedness Sales Tax Holiday, expires Sunday Free and cheap summer fun for everyone Free Summer Savings Card offers BOGO deals at 65+ attractions, restaurants Free $5 gift card with Target food purchase by texting MEAT to 827438 Free movie rental on Google Play from Orville Redenbacher Free entry at Flagler Museum on Monday Free museum visits on Saturday-Sunday from Bank of America Free Orlando theme park tickets and hotel deals just for teachers Free swim lessons for children in Broward and Palm Beach counties Free saltwater and freshwater fishing days in June Free museum visits for military families with Blue Star Museum Program Free and discounted movies for military families with Blue Star theater program Doreen Christensen Friday is a holey holiday as we celebrate National Donut Day with free sweet treats at participating locations. Dunkin' Donuts: Get a free classic doughnut with any beverage purchase. Try the new Vanilla Cake Batter Donut with cake batter filling frosted with chocolate icing and confetti sprinkles.... Friday is a holey holiday as we celebrate National Donut Day with free sweet treats at participating locations. Dunkin' Donuts: Get a free classic doughnut with any beverage purchase. Try the new Vanilla Cake Batter Donut with cake batter filling frosted with chocolate icing and confetti sprinkles.... (Doreen Christensen) Free custom Disney Family cling decal Free 90-day membership at BJ's Wholesale Club Free appetizer at BJ's Restaurant and Brewhouse; expires June 17 Free book for kids with Barnes & Noble summer reading program Free sub with purchase at Jersey Mike's; expires June 15 Free $10 gift cards with $20 purchase at Publix; expires July 31 Free 8-by-10 portrait sheet for military at JC Penney; expires July 11 Free tickets for military families at SeaWorld and Busch Gardens Beauty goodies for men and women include free waxing services at European Wax Center, free Burberry fragrance samples, gifts for your birthday, beauty boxes and Sephora makeup classes.  (Doreen Christensen) Free entry for four at Frost Science Museum, Vizcaya, with library card Free waxing at European Wax Center Free $5 gift card instantly with purchase of P&G products at Publix Free samples of Breathe Right Nasal Strips Free Sawgrass Mills coupon books with hundreds in savings Free kids' meals at Chili's; expires Sunday Free ropes course for graduates with tassel at Xtreme Action Park Free month of DirecTV Now with code ROKU1MONTH; expires Aug. 31 Free samples of Starbucks K-Cups Free bowling games from GoBowling.com Free samples of Nexcare bandages Free bottle of Nestea Free $10 gift cards with Publix rewards programs Freebies, discounts on tickets for Miami Marlins Free extra 3 months of Google Express with code GETDELIVERY Free DC Super Hero Girls Wonder Woman Day Special Edition #1 comic book Free Atkins Quick-Start Kit and $5 off coupon Free Kind Bar for your friends Free $10 Nordstrom gift card with rewards signup; expires July 9 Free sample of TRESemme shampoo Free drinks, side items at Steak 'n Shake; expires June 11 Free movie tickets from AT&T at Cinemark, AMC and Regal The votes are in as fans of Trader Joe's picked the top products in the chain's 8th Annual Customer Choice Awards. The California-based grocery chain stocks more than 3,000 private-label brands and enjoys a cultlike following. (Doreen Christensen) Free sunglasses with Skittles purchase; expires June 27 Free water bottle, cinch sack from Jolly Time Popcorn Free burger with text signup at Checkers Free summer Walmart Beauty Box stuffed with products and samples Free movie ticket from General Mills cereal; expires Oct. 31 Free Noosa yogurt Free 4-inch sub with app download at Quiznos Free side salad with app download at Blaze Fast Fire'd Pizza Free entree with purchase at P.F. Chang's Free queso and burrito at Moe's Southwest Grill Doreen Christensen Beat the summer heat and help young children stay safe with free swim lessons offered in Broward and Palm Beach counties. In Broward County, sign up at WaterSmartBroward.org  to get a coupon by mail good for the free lessons for children aged 6 months to 4 years. The site lists vendors offering... Beat the summer heat and help young children stay safe with free swim lessons offered in Broward and Palm Beach counties. In Broward County, sign up at WaterSmartBroward.org  to get a coupon by mail good for the free lessons for children aged 6 months to 4 years. The site lists vendors offering... (Doreen Christensen) Free lipstick from Mac Cosmetics Free $7.99 Schwarzkopf Gliss hair repair product; expires Dec. 31 Free Schwarzkopf hair color product; expires Dec. 31 Free sample of Albolene Eye Makeup Remover Free Salonpas pain relief patches Free sample of LivRelief Pain Cream Free concert tickets from Ticketmaster.com Free tickets, discounts to stage performances from GoldStar.com Free 1-hour GoGo In-Flight Wi-Fi, texting for T-Mobile customers Free ice cream cone from Baskin-Robbins by texting SCOOP to 31310 Free pet exam at VCA Animal Hospital Free eats and dining discounts from AARP Free facial at Aveda retail stores Free $49 Amazon Prime Student membership for college kids Free 30-day trial of Amazon Prime Video Free Oxy On-The-Go Acne Stick rebate; expires Oct. 31 Free Red Bull Energy Drink at Walgreens; expires June 14 Free Right-Guard antiperspirant rebate; expires June 15 Free 1 month of service or free $150 Apple TV from DirecTV Now Free $50 Roku Streaming Stick from SlingTV Free 30-day trial of HBO, Cinemax from Amazon Prime Free $20 parenting book from Publix Baby Club Free Consumer Action Handbook from USA.gov Free 6-inch sub with purchase at Subway, with signup Free Redbox DVD rental by texting FREEBIE to 727272 Free Angie's List membership Free 12-month Lego Club magazine for kids Free lens cloth and glass cleaner from Wal-Mart Vision Centers Free game tokens from Chuck E. Cheese's e-Club Free 1,200 photo prints per year with free Snapfish mobile app Doreen Christensen We’ll be seeing a lot more red in the Miami Design District now that famed French luxury designer Christian Louboutin has opened a new Florida flagship boutique. The designer who creates those wildly expensive and beautiful shoes with the striking red soles celebrated on Tuesday the opening of... We’ll be seeing a lot more red in the Miami Design District now that famed French luxury designer Christian Louboutin has opened a new Florida flagship boutique. The designer who creates those wildly expensive and beautiful shoes with the striking red soles celebrated on Tuesday the opening of... (Doreen Christensen) RETAIL COUPONS & DEALS 20 percent off at Kohl's; expires Sunday 20 percent off at Macy's; expires Wednesday 20 percent off at JC Penney; expires Saturday 20 percent off at  Lord & Taylor; expires Wednesday June Target Beauty Boxes for men and women for $7 20 percent off at Beall's Florida; expires Saturday 50 percent off at A.C. Moore; expires Saturday 40 percent off at Michaels $25 off furniture purchase at IKEA $5 off mobile coupon at The Home Depot 20 percent off at Ulta Beauty; expires Saturday $20 off at HSN using Visa Checkout 40 percent off at Jo-Ann Fabric; expires Saturday Earn 125 Starbucks stars with purchase of K-Cups and bottled drinks 50 percent off two Uber rides from Chase $5 off at BJ's Wholesale Club with free membership; expires July 31 25 cents off per gallon of gas with product purchase at BJ's Wholesale Club; expires July 5 $10 off at Lane Bryant by texting MOBILE to 552255 $20 off at Festival Flea Market Mall; expires June 30 $10 off grocery pickup service at Wal-Mart 20 percent off at Bed, Bath and Beyond Walgreens paperless coupons Costco Wholesale coupons  Target Cartwheel coupons with app download Whole Foods Market app digital coupons Doreen Christensen Get a free entree when you buy one at P.F. Chang's. Sign up by email for a limited time to get a coupon for a buy-one-get-one-free main entree or salad at your favorite location when dining in. Print or show the coupon on your smartphone. You'll also be opting in to receive promotional emails. ... Get a free entree when you buy one at P.F. Chang's. Sign up by email for a limited time to get a coupon for a buy-one-get-one-free main entree or salad at your favorite location when dining in. Print or show the coupon on your smartphone. You'll also be opting in to receive promotional emails. ... (Doreen Christensen) CONSUMER NEWS May restaurant and retail roundup How to stop annoying robocalls 7 hacks to get free flights and avoid fees on Spirit Airlines Amazon offers free shipping with $25 purchase Target raises free shipping rate by $10 Groupon trade-in offer for Groupon Bucks Trader Joe's tops Publix in Consumer Reports grocery store survey Bust dirt and grime with DIY green cleaning products Wal-Mart offers pickup discounts with online orders How to easily save energy to lower FPL power bills Palm Beach socialite shares thrift-store shopping secrets Spring and summer travel: How to get the cheapest deals on airfare Wawa opens three South Florida locations Winn-Dixie replaces Fuelperks! with Plenti rewards AmazonFresh delivering fresh groceries to South Florida doorsteps Comparing unlimited data plans from the "Big Four" carriers Verizon offers unlimited data plan Earn gift cards galore with Publix rewards programs News for cable and satellite TV cord cutters How to save $1,400 with the 52-Week Money Challenge Sip craft brews and wine while shopping for organics at Lucky's Market How to protect yourself from identity theft while shopping online Save on cosmetics with drug store swaps, beauty hacks Save big bucks on groceries at Aldi Expert rates Trader Joe's, Whole Foods cheap wines Free two-day shipping from Wal-Mart on millions of items Doreen Christensen It's been a long school year and hard-working teachers have earned some fun as school lets out and summer kicks off. Teachers planning upcoming Memorial Day weekend getaways or summer vacations can use their school IDs to get free entry at several Orlando theme parks and attractions, and save on... It's been a long school year and hard-working teachers have earned some fun as school lets out and summer kicks off. Teachers planning upcoming Memorial Day weekend getaways or summer vacations can use their school IDs to get free entry at several Orlando theme parks and attractions, and save on... (Doreen Christensen) DINING DEALS & COUPONS Arby's: Free classic roast beef sandwich with purchase Buca di Beppo: $15 off $30 purchase; expires June 11 Checkers: Free burger with text signup Chili's: Free kids' meals; expires Sunday Cumberland Farms: Free doughnut on Friday Dunkin' Donuts: Free doughnut on Friday Dunkin' Donuts: Free beverage with rewards signup Denny's: 15 percent off with AARP card Friendly's: Free scoop and 25 percent off with rewards signup HoneyBaked Ham: Free Classic Ham sandwich Jersey Mike's: Free sub with purchase; expires June 15 Johnny Rockets: Free hamburgers and movie discounts Krispy Kreme: Free doughnut on Friday Krispy Kreme: BOGO doughnuts on Tuesdays Moe's Southwest Grill: Free queso and burrito Outback Steakhouse: 15 percent off for military families; expires July 4 Outback Steakhouse: 10 percent off with AARP card Panera Bread: Free pastry with rewards signup P.F. Chang's: Free entree with purchase, with email signup Quiznos: Free sub with download of Toasty Points loyalty app Red Robin: 35 percent off online orders with code YUMMM35 Steak 'n Shake: Free drinks, side items and coupons; expires June 11 T.G.I. Friday's: All-you-can-eat appetizers School's out and summer fun's in so let's get the party started with some free and cheap fun in and out of the South Florida sun. Here’s omre than 50 wet and wild ways to save all summer long. Click here to see a video. (Doreen Christensen) FREE AND DISCOUNTED THINGS TO DO 50 free and cheap ways to have summer sun Free museum visits on Saturday-Sunday from Bank of America Free museum visits for military families with Blue Star Museum Program Free movies for military families with Blue Star theater program Free National Parks Military Pass for military and families with ID Free admission for veterans, military, fire, police and EMT at Zoo Miami and half-off for up to 6 family members, through Friday Free entry for 4 at Frost Science Museum with Miami-Dade library card $8 films in June during Miami Film Month Free Summer Savings Card offers BOGO deals at 65 attractions, restaurants Freebies, discounts on tickets for Miami Marlins Unlimited trips to 4 attractions with Summer Savings Pass Unlimited visits to 5 attractions with South Florida Adventure Pass Free bowling games from GoBowling.com Free workshops at The Home Depot on Saturdays-Sundays Free guitar classes at Guitar Center on Saturdays Free concert tickets with purchase from Ticketmaster.com 25 percent off Regal e-movie tickets with AARP card Free and discounted tickets to performances from Goldstar.com Free entry for fourth-graders, families at U.S. National Parks Free classes and events at American Girl stores Free cooking classes at Williams Sonoma stores Doreen Christensen Step back in time to the Gilded Age and wander around Whitehall, Henry Flagler's palatial Palm Beach estate, for free on Monday. From noon to 5 p.m., entry fees will be waived on Founder Day, which is celebrated each year on June 5 to honor Flagler's granddaughter, Jean Flagler Matthews, who established... Step back in time to the Gilded Age and wander around Whitehall, Henry Flagler's palatial Palm Beach estate, for free on Monday. From noon to 5 p.m., entry fees will be waived on Founder Day, which is celebrated each year on June 5 to honor Flagler's granddaughter, Jean Flagler Matthews, who established... (Doreen Christensen) TRAVEL DEALS, THEME PARK SAVINGS Just for teachers: Orlando theme park tickets and hotel deals Summer travel: How to get the cheapest deals on airfare Florida resident deal: 3 days for $139 at Disney World; expires June 9 Hotel, travel discounts in 100 cities from Convention & Visitor Bureaus Free admission, discounts at Universal, Busch Gardens, Disney Summer savings from Discover the Palm Beaches Freebies and deals for Florida residents from Sunny.org Special offers, deals and discounts at Disney World Ticket savings, hotel deals for military at Disney World Free tickets for military and families at SeaWorld and Busch Gardens Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel Celebrate National Donut Day with free doughnuts at Dunin' Donuts and Krispy Kreme. All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 81°
NJ.com Menu Home News open Politics open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Legal Notices Photos/Videos open Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate open Rentals Health Classifieds open Local Businesses open Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County open All Newspapers open Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Wrestling Off Season Sports open Bergen County Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Field Hockey Football Gymnastics Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Arts Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat New Jersey Real-Time News Walmart asks employees to deliver packages on way home from work Updated on June 2, 2017 at 5:07 PM Posted on June 2, 2017 at 8:36 AM By Spencer Kent skent@njadvancemedia.com, NJ Advance Media for NJ.com Walmart is offering its employees homework in its ongoing battle with online retailers like Amazon. The nation's largest retailer announced it will begin asking employees to deliver packages on their way home after work. The company is testing the employee deliveries at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. "The best part is this gives our own associates a way to earn extra income on their existing drive home," Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart U.S. eCommerce wrote in a blog post on the company's website. It was not clear whether associates would be compensated for gas or if insurance would be covered. The company said since it already has trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup, "those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer's house." Walmart, which has 4,700 stores across the country and more than 1 million associates, said the program is voluntary. If workers choose to sign up, however, the company said it has built in technology that would allow associates to set various preferences, like choosing how many packages they deliver and which days they're able to make deliveries after their shifts. "It's completely up to them," Lore wrote, "and they can update those preferences at any time." Walmart noted that it has a location every 10 miles for 90 percent of the U.S. population. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Lore wrote. "It's easy to see why this test could be a game-changer." Spencer Kent may be reached at skent@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @SpencerMKent. Find the Find NJ.com on Facebook.   View Comments nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
147686468041 You are viewing the current article design. GO TO NEW DESIGN Subscribe Manage Manage my account Preferences Newsletters Subscribe to TV Weekly Subscribe to Newsday Manage my account Subscribe to TV Weekly Uh-Oh! It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information. If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account. If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button. Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account. CONNECT ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE Today's Paper Today's paper / archives » Newsday Fun Book » Recent covers gallery » Special sections » Traffic 1 Weather 58° Log in Log out Sections Home Long Island Top Stories Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns Investigations Data and maps Commuting LI Life History Obituaries Sports Top Stories Yankees Mets Islanders Rangers Jets Giants Knicks Nets High school College Columns Videos Scores Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Media MMA Motor Racing Olympics Soccer Opinion Top Stories Matt Davies Columnists Letters to the editor Submit your letter Business Top Stories Real Estate Technology Cars Columns Mutual funds Markets Stocks Nation and World Nation and World NYC State and Region Health Technology Weird news Lottery Entertainment Top Stories Movies TV Celebrities Music Books Theater Reality TV Nassau Coliseum Circus Crosswords Puzzles Comics Lifestyle Top Stories Restaurants Family Pets Travel Food and Drink Top 100 Restaurants Fashion and Shopping Home and Garden LI Getaways Recreation Retirement Advice Events Father's Day Beaches Things to do Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages Legal Notices Obituaries Crosswords More Today's Paper Weather Traffic and Transit Data and maps Photos Videos Act 2 Horoscopes Advice Columns Lottery search Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs Business Walmart workers make deliveries on their way home in pilot program Updated June 2, 2017 7:43 AM By The Associated Press Reprints + - People walk in and out of a Walmart store, in Dallas on Aug. 26, 2016. Photo Credit: AP advertisement | advertise on newsday BENTONVILLE, Ark. - In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company's annual meeting. Most Popular Toyota trying to create 'flying car' for 2020 Olympics Fix to LI firm’s packaging issue was in the bag Iconic LI companies live on in their descendants Tax refunds averaged $994: NY Tax Department Don’t be tempted by credit card cash advances The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. advertisement | advertise on newsday "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart's labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. "When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more," said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home — what the industry refers to as the "last mile" — "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. Tweets from https://twitter.com/NewsdayBiz/lists/newsday-biz-staff The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. advertisement | advertise on newsday Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Get the Biz Briefing newsletter! The latest LI business news in your inbox daily. Sign up    Click here to read or post comments Comments Newsday.com now uses Facebook for our comment boards. Please read our guidelines and connect your Facebook account to comment. More coverage Dara Goodman promoted at Russell Friedman Law Group The most beautiful views from outer space Fix to LI firm’s packaging issue was in the bag Like it? Share it! By using this site, you agree to our Privacy policy. OK Back to Top Services Subscribe Manage my Newsday Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps Newsday mobile Our Network News 12 am New York Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes Newsday Jobs Optimum Newsday Connect News 12 Varsity News Long Island Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns NYC U.S. / World Business Technology Commuting History Data and Maps Traffic Obituaries Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Islanders Rangers Yankees Mets High school Colleges Columns Scores Videos Photo Entertainment Celebrities Circus Movies TV Music Restaurants Theater Lifestyle Family Shopping Pets Events Travel Books Weekend Guide Father's Day Beaches Nassau Coliseum Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages More Crossword Weather Photos Videos LI Life Act 2 Lottery RSS Archive Site Map Privacy Policy Your ad choices Terms of Service Subscription Terms Contact Newsday Careers Reprints & Permissions Media Kit Advertise with Newsday Help Copyright ©   Newsday. All rights reserved. Sorry to interrupt... Your first 5 are free Access to Newsday is free for Optimum customers. Please enjoy 5 complimentary views to articles, photos, and videos during the next 30 days. LOGIN SUBSCRIBE
MON, JUN 05, 2017 | 12 °C Fog Full Text Archive Danger Zone: Vaccination in Hamilton schools Spec 170th anniversary Spec Auctions Readers' Choice Columns Wellness Subscription Today's Paper In Your Neighbourhood Home & Garden Newsroom Insider podcast Event listings 3DownNation Hot topics Newspaper in Education Top Employers Search News Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs CRIME LOCAL ONTARIO CANADA WORLD BUSINESS 2 hours ago Twelve arrested in London’s night of terror; Islamic State claims attack that killed 7 British police arrested a dozen people Sunday in a widening terrorism... Latest News SEE MORE Christine Archibald identified as Canadian victim in London terror attack Spike in violent Hamilton home invasions tied to drugs Christie nearing settlement in nurse’s Ebola quarantine Business Links HamiltonBusiness.com , Young Professionals , Economic Development , Steeltown Jun 02, 2017 Stelco Decision day for 1005 is Tuesday United Steelworkers Local 1005 members weigh in on restructuring plan for... Latest Business News SEE MORE Hamilton company gets federal money for vehicle emissions technology Google’s Chrome browser to block some ads starting next year Panelists announced for LRT seminar LOCAL McMaster-university athletics End to End blog BULLDOGS - OHL Sports TV Listings TICATS - CFL SCRATCHING POST UREPORT Drew Edwards Steve Milton Teri Pecoskie Scott Radley Calendar Olympics 56 minutes ago Mississippi State ousts South Alabama from NCAAs, 7-3 Mississippi State ousts South Alabama from NCAAs, 7-3 Latest Sports News SEE MORE Louisville holds off Xavier 8-7 to win regional championship Baseball Capsules Davidson ousts UNC, wins regional in 1st NCAA Tournament Contests Hamilton Events Burlington Events Movie news+reviews Movie Listings Art Arts & Entertainment BOOKS MUSIC RESTAURANT REVIEWS Television TV LIstings Theatre Wow Celebrity 4 hours ago Art Gallery of Burlington features mid-century Canadian kitchen pottery Exhibition focuses on an especially creative period in Canadian functional... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Wonder Woman conquers milestone with $100.5-million debut Bill Maher apologizes for using racial slur on ‘Real Time’ Harry Styles asked to be brand ambassador for SheWee Editorial Commentary Letters Columnists Cartoons Blogs Commenting Guidelines May 31, 2017 The Spectator's view: Papal apology worth asking for Forgive us our sins. Forgive us our trespasses. Inside Opinion: Spec viewpoint and community analysis VIEW MORE OPINION Contests Spec 170 Your Stories Eye on the Area Eye on the Area Photo Submissions Newspaper in Education Commenting Guidelines Power of the Pen Community Partnerships Family Legal Matters Money Matters Top Employers Canada 150 Home and Garden Environment Jun 02, 2017 2017 Kia Optima earns highest safety marks from IIHS The 2017 Kia Optima has earned an IIHS Top Safety Pick+ award. Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Signpost Burlington CNC manufacturer celebrates 6,000th router table sale 'Ribbon of Asphalt' irresistible for drivers, cyclists, runners Wheels.ca Family & Parenting Food Health & Fitness Home and Garden Home Style Travel 4 hours ago The Big Dig at the Gage Park Tropical Greenhouse They started lining up at 7 a.m. with their tubs, pots, blue boxes and... Latest Living Stories SEE MORE A baby girl. A baffling disease. And the only way to help her is to hurt her Teach your kids about Ramadan with these books At 75, Dale Chihuly discusses struggles with mental health Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Eye on the Area Spectator Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Spectator Recruitment Advertising 905-526-3200 YourClassifieds.ca 63% off Photo Prints discount: 63% | value: $122.00 | You Save: $77.00 Time Remaining: 2 Days Lavandula Wellness Centre Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Readers' Choice Winners SpecStore.ca Taste of Your Neighbourhood 63% off Photo Prints discount: 63% | value: $122.00 | You Save: $77.00 Time Remaining: 2 Days Get your eyes checked for macular degeneration Home News Business Walmart expects ‘Flashlight Sneakers' to run off... | Jun 02, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Walmart expects ‘Flashlight Sneakers' to run off shelves Summer selling frenzy includes bacon-shaped pool floats, instant tent Walmart shoes Courtesy of Walmart Walmart plans to sell $25 million worth of Flashlights sneakers this year. next play/pause pre Hamilton Spectator By Abha Bhattarai   FAYETTEVILLE, ARK. — These, say Walmart executives, could be the year's biggest sensation: high-top sneakers with light-up soles. Yes, says Steve Bratspies, Walmart's chief merchandizing officer, stomping on stage in his black Flashlight Sneakers, you heard right: the world's largest retailer is expecting to sell $25 million worth of the sneakers this year. At $19.97 US a pop, that's 1.25 million pairs of shoes. "Like these sneakers?" he asks a crowd of thousands of screaming Walmart employees, two days before the company's annual shareholder meeting. "Flashlight Sneakers. These are a huge trend we're betting on this year." It's worth noting that $25 million (all figures US) in flashing-shoe sales would be a drop in the bucket for Walmart, making up less than 0.01 per cent of the $298.4 billion in U.S. sales it reported last year.   Similar shoes at "the biggest national brands," he said, will sell for about $60 a pair. At Walmart, they'll cost about one-third of that. "We beat on price, don't we?" he said. "Every day, we beat on price." Then he rattled off more of the company's biggest selling points: "Sales are up. Traffic is up. Momentum is ours." Turning to the employees, he said: "Your job is to create energy and excitement behind every apple, every bicycle, every pair of pyjamas, every light bulb, every single thing you sell in our stores." Other offerings include an "instant-cabin tent" that can be set up in about one minute. It comes with LED lights and a screen porch. And pool floats shaped like bacon.   But when employees tried to set the tent up, it took well over a minute, before Bratspies said, "I think it's broken, actually. We've got a problem. Trust me, it's really good."       Another highlight is a cooler that holds ice up to five days, gallons of glue that sell for $12.88 (of which Walmart plans to sell seven million units), cupcakes and emoji smileys. "These things are fun and already flying off shelves," Bratspies said as the crowd cheered. "We've got ducks, swans. All at a really great Walmart price." Washington Post | Most Read SEE MORE Hamilton police search for answers in weekend homicide Two Hamilton residents among three charged in Peace Bridge drug bust Hamilton firefighters battle two blazes, including one at former Embassy nightclub ‘I think I dated a serial killer!’ says Saskatchewan woman who knew Elizabeth Wettlaufer Police seek missing Burlington man who made alarming text messages In Your Neighbourhood Today A guide to this year’s Dundas International Buskerfest Every year, a three-day feast for the senses takes over the relatively quiet downtown of Dundas,... Congratulations to the nominees! – United Way celebrates community spirit BURLINGTON AND HAMILTON – March 8th, 2017 – United Way recognized individuals and organizations... Saving Matters: For the Savvy Student You wake up in your dorm, realizing you're running late for class — not a great start. Your... The Appliance Doctor: Part of your neighbourhood for more than 30 years Part of your neighbourhood for more than 30 years, The Appliance Doctor in Hamilton has been... Legal Matters: Can I be legally fired while on maternity leave? Question: I am three months into my pregnancy leave and my employer just fired me. Is that legal?... Heavy-duty vehicle emergencies need heavy-duty towing assistance Abrams Towing in Hamilton knows some people drive big vehicles — very big vehicles — and that means... Home insulation isn't just for the colder months You've made it through a tough winter even though you had insufficient insulation in your home.... Work While You Play, Play While You Work: The Case for Semi-Retirement “Time doesn't stop just because you no longer work full-time at a corporation. You still have to... Legal Matters: Are optional insurance benefits really optional? Question: It is time to renew my automobile insurance. Do I need to purchase optional... Thinking outside the pot: Creative gardening ideas from TERRA With gardening season in full swing, it's the perfect time to give some thought to the growing... Legal Matter: What to do if you’re hit by an uninsured driver Question: I was hit by an uninsured driver. Can I still sue the driver for compensation and my... Who can heal your dishwasher? The Appliance Doctor can Before you junk your broken dishwasher, talk to the experts at The Appliance Doctor in Hamilton to... Top 6 Things Clients Ask About Our ETFs It’s been shown that the smartest way to maximize wealth in the long term is to invest in a... OBSS Ortho-Shape Back: Jack's success story For an individual who relies entirely on a wheelchair for mobility, anything that increases comfort... 5 great road trip destinations within Ontario to escape Toronto this spring and summer Think booking a flight is the only way to get a real vacation from the big city? Consider this:... Sharp Monuments has the urn to suit your needs Hamilton's Sharp Monuments understands that remembering those who were close to you is an important... External versus interior waterproofing: Hire the right contractor When you are looking to waterproof your basement, the experts at H&N Basement Worx in Hamilton want... Know the facts before you hire a foundation repair contractor The experts at H&N Basement Worx in Hamilton want to help you if your home has structural... Natural healing through salt chamber halotherapy and far infrared sauna Two age-old yet innovative treatments to boost and reinvigorate health and energy are available to... What to look for in an HVAC provider Steve and Natalie Brogan, owners of the nearly 20-year-old A-Plus Air of Stoney Creek, believe that... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   Up to 71% off Fireworks $20 View Deal 95% off Prescription Eyeglasses $15 View Deal Up to 48% off Salt Cave Sessions $15 View Deal 58% off Chicken Strips $25 View Deal 50% off an Italian Dinner for 2 People $55 View Deal 53% off Exterior Window Cleaning $59 View Deal 50% off Indian Cuisine $10 View Deal 40% off Breaded Chicken Parmesan $27 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS Five things to watch for in Canadian business Stelco Decision day for 1005 is Tuesday Hamilton company gets federal money for vehicle emissions technology Morneau to meet with US counterpart next week Google’s Chrome browser to block some ads starting next year TheSpec Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Become a Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Eye on the Area Photo Submissions FAQ Manage My Subscription Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Sitemap SpecStore.ca Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideHalton.com Mississauga.com NiagaraThisWeek.com NorfolkNews.ca Sachem.ca TheRecord.com Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com LeaseBusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
This website uses cookies. Continued browsing of this site implies consent for the use of these cookies. Find out more here >> Post & Parcel powered by Triangle. Home In Depth Events Directory About Companies E-commerce Environment Human Resources Innovation Regulation Retail Technology RSS Post & Parcel > News > Companies > Walmart trialing “Associate Delivery” service Log-in Register News Walmart trialing “Associate Delivery” service Friday, June 2nd, 2017 Walmart has come up with a new idea for getting online orders delivered to customers’ doors. The US retail giant is trialing a new service that uses its “greatest assets” – its associates (or workers) – to drop off parcels and goods on their drive back home. In a notice posted on the company blog yesterday (1 June), Marc Lore, President and CEO, Walmart US eCommerce, said: “Not only can this cut shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently, it creates a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business. “It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup. Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house. The best part is this gives our own associates a way to earn extra income on their existing drive home.” Lore was quick to offer reassurances that it is voluntary scheme. “Associates are fully in control of their experience,” said Lore. “If they don’t want to participate, they don’t have to. If they choose to opt in, we’ve built technology that allows them to set preferences. “Associates choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of those packages and which days they’re able to make deliveries after work – it’s completely up to them, and they can update those preferences at any time. “We also allocate packages based on minimizing the collective distance they need to travel off of their commute to make a delivery.” Walmart is “starting small” with two test stores in New Jersey and one in northwest Arkansas and Lore said that the “response from associates and customers has been great”. Lore added: “Unlike crowdsourced delivery, where the driver has to travel (often out of the way) to pick up the package, then drive the full distance to deliver it, our associates are starting at the same place as the packages. Once they’re done working at the store for the day, they pick up the packages from the backroom, load them into their vehicle, enter the delivery addresses into the GPS on their phone and head toward home.” While the trial may be small-scale at the moment, Lore argued that the scheme could make a real impact if were extended nationally. “Walmart has strength in numbers with 4,700 stores across the U.S. and more than a million associates,” said Lore. “Our stores put us within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population. Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way. It’s easy to see why this test could be a game-changer.” Source: Walmart Tags: Americas, infrastructure, Innovation, Parcel Print Send to friend Bookmark Save Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. Related Articles SF Express and Cainiao clash Fast planes to China New DHL Parcel sorting centre in Amsterdam UPS announces plans for new Arizona hub DHL Express partnering with Golden Globe Race sailor Most popular Latest comments what3words helps Quiqees.go.quicker McDonald’s expanding delivery coverage in US Walmart files patent for a delivery system that uses drones, lockers and blockchain Pos Malaysia promoting EziBox service FedEx launches self-service lockers in Hong Kong Retailers losing out by calling time too early on Christmas deliveries UPS UK to hire 1,300 for holiday season Zyllem reportedly set to discontinue Singapore delivery operations Parcels delivered by taxi USPS set to trial experimental e-commerce product New Directory Members Direct Link Worldwide Ltd Direct Link specialises in international cross border distribution and returns of e-commerce packages worldwide. Parent company PostNord (the merged Swedish and Danish Post Offices) supports Direct Link with IT expertise, postal connections and international logistics solutions, across the Nordic countries and intercontinentally. Sign-up Post & Parcel Newsletters (Help)  Daily newsletter  Weekly newsletter Subscribe free Latest Issue Subscribe now About Post & Parcel Post & Parcel is your key to the global mail and express industry. Every week Post & Parcel features the latest news, analysis of trends, insightful viewpoints, and exclusive interviews with leading industry experts. Find out more Advertise with us We provide brands with an exciting range of advertising opportunities to reach the influential Post & Parcel audience. With campaigns suitable for every budget you can achieve your marketing objectives with Post & Parcel. Find out more powered by Triangle. Copyright © 2017 Contact Us | Feedback | Submit press release | Terms & conditions | Privacy | Q&A
Toggle navigation Entertainment All Entertainment TV Movies Covers Music Sports Cars Newsletter Culture All Culture Fashion Beauty Travel Food Education Cocktail & Beer News All News Business Politics Health Real Estate Criminal Behavior Obituaries Publisher's Blog Promotions Videos Videos Photos × Search News Walmart employees will now deliver online orders to customers’ homes By Yvette Caslin  |  June 2, 2017 4:48 AM EST  |  1 Orlando, Florida – December 18, 2016: Signage of Walmart in front of the store. (Photo Credit: Lester Balajadia) Walmart, the world’s largest retailer, with 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees, is testing an “associate delivery” program for its ship-to-home orders. It’s a move to make them more competitive, especially with its biggest online competitor: Amazon. Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website, “It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup. Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house. The best part is this gives our own associates a way to earn extra income on their existing drive home. Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way.” It’s up to the employees if they wish to participate and they will be compensated for the additional work. Walmart offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman says participating employees will have to undergo background checks and will need clean driving records. They will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are open to deliver. The software is so intuitive, it factors in the collective distance workers need to travel off of their commute to make a delivery. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Lore commented that employees “love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine.” The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Share this: Tweet More Email Print More on rollingout.com Woman locks kids in the trunk to go shopping, police say Why you should call the manager if you see this racist woman at Walmart   Director Antoine Fuqua to shine Oscar night with Walmart ‘receipt’ short film Backpage reluctantly takes action after being tied to sex trafficking Yvette Caslin I'm a writer, image architect & significance marketer. Love photojournalism, creative expression & originality. Follow @sistarazzi AND THEN THERE WAS ONE!!🔥 That’s a really good idea 💡. Wal-Mart trying to cover all angles!!! Most Talked About Woman charged in beating death of alleged front lawn masturbator 13 Why rape in Atlanta doubled after change in definition of the crime 12 Featured Video Major sings his hit song in Chicago 2 days ago Featured Photos Best images from the 10th annual Roots Picnic in Philly 19 hours ago   Toledo pastor’s bloody death recorded on Facebook Live 2 Walmart employees will now deliver online orders to customers’ homes 1 Trump abandons yet another Obama-era agreement 1 NYC cop who shot mentally ill Black woman charged with murder 2 Family of mentally ill Milwaukee man gunned down by police is awarded $2.3M 2 City stops Airbnb rental for Black man living in Atlanta mansion 6 Accused Portland killer shows no remorse in court Why rape in Atlanta doubled after change in definition of the crime 12 Cleveland cop who shot Tamir Rice has been fired 9 Infant’s casket found floating in dirty puddle in Memphis 9 days after funeral 5 Trial starts for scared Minnesota cop who killed Philando Castile 2 Life sentence of DC Sniper Lee Boyd Malvo overturned 3 © Rolling Out. Contact Us Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. marketing automation
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 04, 11:56 PM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe National How Walmart Is Speeding Up Its Delivery Processes To Compete With Amazon By Ishani Roy @royishani_roy On 06/02/17 AT 6:39 AM Close In a move to match up to the Amazon's convenient options for web purchases, Walmart announced Thursday it will allow store employees to opt for a delivery service program in which they would drop packages at customers' homes while going back home, reports said. Walmart executives pointed out the idea behind this move was to cut costs on the so-called last-mile of deliveries. When the multinational retail giant's employees drive to customers' homes, the most expensive part of the fulfillment process would be taken care of, the Washington Post reported. Read: How Is Amazon Making A Strong Move Toward FMCG Sector?  Both Walmart and Amazon are competing for speeding up their delivery systems for online orders in the country. Walmart's announcement comes amid the retailer doubling down on online business, where sales grew 63 percent in the first quarter this year. The largest retailer in the U.S. has worked towards increasing its online share in the country in 2016.  According to the Walmart website, it inked a $3.3 billion to acquire Jet.com — an e-commerce company headquartered in Hoboken, New Jersey — last year. The company took this aggressive step to compete with Amazon, which accounts for about 33 percent of U.S. online sales, the Post reported. Around 90 percent of the U.S. population reside within 10 miles of a Walmart and the retail giant is probably using these locations as shipping hubs to challenge Amazon's online delivery services. By utilizing their own workforce and their vehicles, Walmart could create a vast network with lesser upfront cost, similar to how Uber created a ride-hailing service without owning any cars last year, Bloomberg reported. "Imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," said Marc Lore, who took over Walmart's e-commerce operation last year after the retailer purchased his startup, Jet.com. Lore added: "This test could be a game-changer." He also said the move could curtail delivery times as many online orders in tests have been delivered overnight using store employees. Apart from speeding up delivery procedures, the new program is also reportedly seen as a way for employees to earn extra income, although there were few details on how they would be paid. Reports said citing Walmart spokesman Ravi Jariwala that Walmart employees can sign up for up to 10 deliveries per day using a company app. The employees can also set size and weight limits on delivery packages. However, if there are not enough employees to make a delivery, carriers like UPS and FedEx would fill in. Meanwhile, the Seattle-based Amazon has also taken steps in recent months to speed up delivery. Last year, it reportedly unveiled its first branded cargo plane that would take more control of its delivery process. It was one of 40 aircrafts the company planned to lease. It has also created an on-demand network of drivers — Amazon Flex — similar to Uber  or Lyft. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories eBay Takes on Amazon And Walmart With Three-Day Guaranteed Delivery Walmart Gets Rid of Amazon Prime Rival ShippingPass, Offers Two-Day Shipping Recommended Business Chevy's Bolt Is Being Beaten To A Pulp By Tesla's Model 3 The Chevy Bolt is the little engine that couldn't live up to anticipation from GM. Elon Musk's Tesla Model 3 is beating it into oblivion. Technology How Can We Stop Cancer Cells From Spreading? Researchers studying events that promote metastasis found it may be attributed to a new biochemical signaling process. World Photo Of Canadian Man Casually Mowing Lawn With Tornado Behind Him Goes Viral The tornado in Alberta, Canada, resulted in damage to property but caused no causalities. Alberta generally experiences about 15 tornadoes every year, typically between the months of April and September. National Democrats Tired Of Clinton Blame Tour The former secretary of state has been speaking her mind about the Trump administration, but fellow Democrats say she should step aside. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Walmart Is Training Its Employees Using VR By Tyler Lee on 06/02/2017 01:50 PDT Virtual reality technology is great for playing games, watching movies, and exploring places that would otherwise be hard to explore in person. Now it seems like VR can also be used as an employee training tool, or at least that’s what the folks at Walmart are doing in using VR to help train their employees. When it comes to employee training, there’s only so much theoretical knowledge that a company can pass down to its employees, and the rest will boil down to real practical experience. By using VR to train their employees, what Walmart is doing is simulating certain situations and then ask employees to make choices based on that. The VR curriculum is produced by Strivr and will be deployed at Walmart’s 200 “Walmart Academy” training centers across the country, with plans to fully deploy them by the end of the year. There is also hope that if successful, it could be expanded to stores and not just the academies. Some example situations that employees will face include dealing with spills or the Black Friday rush. According to Strivr CEO Derek Belch, “We’re using computer vision to map scenes, so we literally know exactly where someone’s looking. If they don’t look at [the right place] and press the button indicating that they have seen the stimuli that we’re looking for, we know.” Filed in General. Read more about Virtual Reality (VR). Related Articles 2017-06-01 Samsung's New VR Display Has 3.5x More Pixels Than Oculus Rift 2017-05-29 Samsung’s Gear VR Gains New Partners In UFC, X-Games, Live Nation 2017-05-29 Garmin Virb 360 Camera Announced 2017-05-25 Oculus Rift-Exclusive Superhot VR Released For HTC Vive 2017-05-25 New HTC VR Headset For U11 Launched Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
on Serving Central Oregon since 1903 Sunday, June 4, 2017 Subscriber Sign In Manage Account Subscribe Toggle navigation Local/State Education Environment Bend Deschutes County Politics OSU-Cascades Sports Pole Pedal Paddle High School Ducks Beavers Golf Community Sports Outdoors Business Lifestyle Restaurants Drinks Food Home & Garden Family Milestones Fashion Travel Outdoors Cook Like a Chef Church Directory Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Erik Lukens columns Janet Stevens columns Submission Policies Entertainment Events Music Movies GO! Arts Restaurants Drinks Books TV Health Pulse Magazine Opioids addiction Slideshows Obits MORE Jobs Nation Science/Tech Outdoors Events Classifieds Webcams Special Publications BendHomes.com Subscribe My Account Digital Newsstand Submit a photo Offers & Promotions Home Local/State Sports Business Lifestyle Entertainment Slideshows Obits Jobs Science/Tech Events Classifieds Webcams BendHomes.com My Account Submit a photo Pole Pedal Paddle Movies GO! Restaurants Real Estate Executive File Breweries Marijuana Home Business Wal-Mart workers powering deliveries on their drive home print Share | e-mail Facebook Tweet StumbleUpon Google 3091634 false Employees process outgoing packages at a Jet.com warehouse in Swedesboro, N.J., Dec. 3, 2015. Walmart, which just reported a 63 percent increase in online sales in the first quarter of 2017, bought the bulk e-commerce retailer Jet.com in 2016 as part of a plan to offer more products through the web. (Cole Wilson/The New York Times) Click here to enlarge image Wal-Mart workers powering deliveries on their drive home By Abha Bhattarai / The Washington Post Published Jun 2, 2017 at 12:02AM BENTONVILLE, ARK. — Wal-Mart’s newest tactic in its fight against online giant Amazon: Asking its employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. The idea, Wal-Mart executives said Thursday, is to cut costs on the so-called last mile of deliveries, when packages are driven to customers’ homes, often the most-expensive part of the fulfillment process. “It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup,” Marc Lore, chief executive of Wal-Mart’s eCommerce business, and the founder of Jet.com, said in a blog post Thursday afternoon. “Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house.” The company began testing the package-delivery program a month ago in three stores — two in New Jersey, one in northwest Arkansas — but did not offer details on when, or where, it would expand across the United States. Employees will be paid extra, and offered overtime pay as necessary to make the deliveries, Wal-Mart spokesman Ravi Jariwala said Thursday. “Wal-Mart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this,” he said, adding that 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Wal-Mart store. “There is really strong overlap between where our associates are heading after work and where those packages need to go.” The company is billing the program as a way for employees to earn extra money, although there were few details about how they would be paid. Jariwala declined to clarify whether employees would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination of those things. Labor experts say the arrangement, a mash-up of sorts between an Uber-style gig economy and traditional employment arrangements, raises a number of questions related to employees having to shoulder much of the risk, cost and liability associated with deliveries. “The practice seems ripe for abuse if the company does not compensate workers for the full cost of their journey, the expenses related to gas, car depreciation, and potential problems like accidents, tickets or parking expenses,” said Stephanie Luce, a labor professor at the City University of New York. “Like other ‘gig economy’ type jobs, there is a potential to benefit workers — but in reality, most of the benefits accrue to the employer, not the employee.” Earlier this year, Wal-Mart — which last year reported $485.9 billion in revenue — said it would raise its hourly minimum wage to $10 for most workers, but activist groups say many employees are struggling to make ends meet. “Instead of Wal-Mart paying its workers what they deserve for their work, Wal-Mart is merely offering to pay more — for more work,” said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Wal-Mart, a campaign run by the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union. “To say this is a voluntary program is like throwing a life preserver to someone drowning in a lake,” he added. “When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more.” 17387936 View next article in Business     Get Central Oregon's top headlines delivered to your inbox every morning GO print version Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus This image is copyrighted. To purchase photo click here! Close window Get daily headlines to your inbox GO Connect with The Bulletin Tweets from https://twitter.com/thebulletin/business-writers Popular Comments Popular stories for Business Boneyard at work on new pub 06/01/2017 A new pub for Boneyard Beer is inching closer to reality at ... more Bend businessman sentenced to jail 02/11/2016 A Deschutes County Circuit Court judge Thursday sentenced a Bend businessman to ... more Business blossomed for Bend pot entrepreneur 05/26/2017 Of the 20 retail marijuana shops licensed in Bend, two belong to ... more Montana bank acquires Bank of the Cascades 05/30/2017 It’s official: Bend-based Bank of the Cascades is owned by First Interstate ... more Bend developers opting for smaller subdivisions 06/04/2017 The forthcoming Eastridge subdivision in Bend seems like a safe bet to ... more Recent article comments» View more comments» Comments powered by Disqus The Bulletin Contact us Staff directory Advertise with us Frequently asked questions Privacy policy Terms of use Careers Connect with The Bulletin Subscriptions New subscription Vacation hold Back copies Subscription rates General account help Share because you care Newspapers in Education Our partners Baker City Herald La Grande Observer Northeast Oregon Classifieds Union Democrat Del Norte Triplicate Curry Coastal Pilot Central Oregon Nickel Bend Homes Northwest Web Press Quick links Digital newsstand Special publications and event guides Restaurant guide Obituaries Milestones Movie listings ODOT web cams Comments Submit a news tip Submit an event Submit a worship service Oregon lottery TV listings Parade Magazine Photos Submit photos View slideshows Purchase photos Explore more of Central Oregon with a subscription to The Bulletin. Subscribe © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Email Contacts | 541-382-1811 Quick links Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Manage Account ODOT Web Cams Movie Listings Restaurant Guide Submit Photos Submit an Event © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Contact us | 541-382-1811
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Walmart Is Accused of Punishing Workers for Sick Days The New York Times By RACHEL ABRAMS 3 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL How an American retail icon got close to the edge of collapse Diners are finding $13 burgers hard to swallow © Kristian Thacker for The New York Times Katie Orzehowski said Walmart did not accept doctors’ notes and hospitalization records to excuse her missed shifts during a pregnancy that ended in a miscarriage. A report expected to be released Thursday by a workers’ advocacy group says Walmart, the nation’s largest private employer, routinely refuses to accept doctors’ notes, penalizes workers who need to take care of a sick family member and otherwise punishes employees for lawful absences. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 79.62 -0.19 -0.24% New York Times Co NYT ▼ 17.60 -0.05 -0.28% The report, based on a survey of more than 1,000 employees, accuses Walmart of violating the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Family and Medical Leave Act, among other worker-protection laws. The group argued in a lawsuit filed last month, and in an earlier complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, that Walmart discriminated against pregnant workers. Sign Up for the Morning Briefing Newsletter.  “Walmart should fully comply with the law so that no one is illegally punished for a disability-related absence or for taking care of themselves or a loved one with a serious medical condition,” said Dina Bakst, a founder and president of A Better Balance, the advocacy group that prepared the report. Walmart said that it had not reviewed the report but disputed the group’s conclusions, and said that the company’s attendance policies helped make sure that there were enough employees to help customers while protecting workers from regularly covering others’ duties. “We understand that associates may have to miss work on occasion, and we have processes in place to assist them,” Randy Hargrove, a spokesman for Walmart, said. The company reviews each employee’s circumstances individually, he said, “in compliance with company policy and the law.”© Joe Raedle/Getty Images A workers’ group said Walmart routinely refuses to accept doctors’ notes, penalizes workers who need to take care of a sick family member and otherwise punishes employees for lawful absences. Katie Orzehowski says her miscarriage last fall almost cost her a job. A cashier at the Walmart in North Huntingdon, Pa., Ms. Orzehowski said she tried to use doctors’ notes and hospitalization records to excuse her missed shifts, to no avail. Worried that another absence would get her fired, she went back to work. “I still had a lot of bleeding going on, and that’s embarrassing,” Ms. Orzehowski, 26, said. Her account is one of dozens included in the report, which clashes with the company’s recent efforts to project a more worker-friendly image. Walmart has long been known for its penny-pinching attention to detail and its opposition to organized labor. But in the past couple of years, the company has announced that it would raise its minimum wage to $10 an hour and has pledged to invest heavily in training and paying workers. Workers’ advocates have expressed skepticism about the retailer’s commitment to improving the lives of its more than one million employees. Around the same time that Walmart lifted wages, it cut merit raises and introduced a training program that could keep hourly pay at $9 an hour for up to 18 months. In November, A Better Balance filed a complaint with the employment commission on behalf of Arleja Stevens, a Walmart employee who said she was fired after missing too many shifts because of complications from her pregnancy. In that filing, the group accused Walmart of violating the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Pregnancy Discrimination Act. The employment commission is investigating the accusation, Ms. Bakst said. Mr. Hargrove said the company disagreed with Ms. Stevens’s claims. A Better Balance also participated in a separate lawsuit last month alleging that Walmart discriminated against pregnant employees The company has disputed the claims of the two women at the center of the suit. A Better Balance wrote the survey questions used for Thursday’s report. The questions asked employees whether they believed that Walmart had a problem of regularly punishing people for absences relating to an illness or disability, and about how the company treated absences. The group worked with the labor group OUR Walmart, which promoted the survey to workers who listed Walmart as their employer on Facebook, according to Andrea Dehlendorf, a director of OUR Walmart. “Although this system is supposed to be ‘neutral’ and punish all absences equally, along the lines of a ‘three-strikes-and-you’re-out’ policy, in reality, such a system is brutally unfair,” the report says of Walmart’s absence-control policy. “It punishes workers for things they cannot control and disproportionately harms the most vulnerable workers.” Walmart assigns disciplinary points for unexcused absences and other infractions. Nine points in a six-month period can result in an employee’s being fired, according to a copy of the company’s absence policy reviewed by The New York Times. New employees may be fired for accruing four points in their first six months. While Walmart has written guidelines for how managers and supervisors should respond to employees who need help because of medical issues, those policies are not always followed, according to the report. “They just straight up tell you, ‘We don’t accept excuses,’” said Ms. Orzehowski, who still works for the company. In a follow-up email, Mr. Hargrove said that the company did “not have any information that would support that Ms. Orzehowski advised us of a medical reason for her absences.” “If that were the case, she could have used those medical records to apply for a leave or accommodation,” he said. The Americans with Disabilities Act requires businesses with 15 or more employees to make reasonable accommodations for disabled workers. In 2008, the definition of a disabled worker was expanded, to include temporary medical conditions like complications relating to a pregnancy. The Family and Medical Leave Act protects eligible workers — those who have been employed for 12 months at a company with 50 or more employees — who need to take time off to care for themselves or a family member. Under the A.D.A., employers must work with employees to determine if workers are eligible for such accommodations. Dismissing doctors’ notes or otherwise refusing to consider the reason for a worker’s absence could potentially be “skirting the analysis” in which employers are required to engage, according to Michelle Caiola, the director of litigation for Disability Rights Advocates, a nonprofit group, and a former senior trial lawyer for the E.E.O.C., which enforces federal worker protections. “A company as big as Walmart, it’s surprising that they don’t have the appropriate training for the personnel that would be overseeing these sorts of leaves,” Ms. Caiola said. Mr. Hargrove said that the company had worked with “countless” employees to successfully authorize their absences from work. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from The New York Times Gaza Dating Site Matches Widows to Men Seeking 2nd (or 3rd) Wife The New York Times ‘Soft Power’ of a Russian Bank Comes to Light in U.S. Inquiry The New York Times Trump, Who Pledged to Overhaul Nuclear Arsenal, Now Faces Increased Costs The New York Times The New York Times View the Full Site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored This Dell has 12GB RAM, graphics card, & more! Listen to music underwater! Pre-order Madden NFL 18 today! ASUS 2-in-1: All day battery, only $249 Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Rating Reiterated by Wells Fargo & Co Waste Connections Inc (WCN) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Westpac Banking Corp (WBK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research PolyOne Co. (POL) Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.66 Per Share Akzo Nobel (AKZOY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research BAYER MOTOREN WERK EUR1 (BAMXF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Danone SA (DANOY) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Arkema S.A. (ARKAY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Overweight Rating from Morgan Stanley AAC Holdings Inc (AAC) PT Lowered to $6.00 at Mizuho Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Apple Inc. (AAPL) Qiagen NV (QGEN) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG AnaptysBio Inc (ANAB) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research DA Davidson Comments on Antero Midstream Partners LP’s Q2 2017 Earnings (AM) Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Given a $116.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts Wi-Lan Inc (WILN) Cut to D+ at TheStreet Grupo Simec SAB de CV (SIM) Upgraded at TheStreet Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Rating Reiterated by Wells Fargo & Co June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Wells Fargo & Co restated their neutral rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) in a research report sent to investors on Monday. A number of other analysts have also recently weighed in on the stock. Cowen and Company reiterated an outperform rating and set a $83.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a sell rating and set a $67.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Jefferies Group LLC increased their price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores from $86.00 to $88.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Friday, May 12th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $74.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Finally, Susquehanna Bancshares Inc assumed coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, February 10th. They set a positive rating and a $80.00 price target for the company. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have given a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $78.41. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) opened at 79.81 on Monday. The company’s 50 day moving average is $76.23 and its 200 day moving average is $71.38. The stock has a market cap of $242.22 billion, a PE ratio of 18.12 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores has a one year low of $65.28 and a one year high of $79.81. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The business had revenue of $116.53 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $117.01 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.98 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores will post $4.36 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-rating-reiterated-by-wells-fargo-co.html. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, insider Jacqueline P. Canney sold 1,322 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $78.75, for a total transaction of $104,107.50. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 23,854 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,878,502.50. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider David Chojnowski sold 5,142 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $79.36, for a total transaction of $408,069.12. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 13,259,726 shares of company stock worth $1,016,472,206. 51.55% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in WMT. BlackRock Inc. boosted its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 1,866.4% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 91,133,379 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $6,568,893,000 after buying an additional 86,498,829 shares in the last quarter. Dodge & Cox purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,503,922,000. DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter valued at about $274,739,000. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at about $262,122,000. Finally, Two Sigma Advisers LP purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at about $237,230,000. 29.69% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, June 04, 2017, 11:26 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / In test, Wal-Mart workers deliver online orders on their way home By Robbie Neiswanger This article was published June 2, 2017 at 4:30 a.m. PHOTO BY BEN GOFF Wal-Mart’s pilot program using its own employees to deliver packages to customers was discussed Thursday by Wal-Mart U.S. President and CEO Greg Foran (from left), Jane Ewing, senior vice president for digital acceleration, and Marc Lore, president and CEO of e-commerce. Comments aAFont Size Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is testing a new delivery service that uses its own employees to drop off packages to customers for extra pay at the end of their store shifts. The pilot program, which was introduced Thursday as part of the retailer's shareholders week, continues Wal-Mart's efforts to take advantage of its size and scale to gain an edge against retail competitors such as Amazon.com. Company officials said the delivery service, which began a month ago and is voluntary for employees, is being tested at one unspecified Northwest Arkansas store and two New Jersey locations. Employees who have volunteered to participate in the program are armed with a mobile application, which was built by the company and designates where they're heading after their work shifts end. The app then identifies Walmart.com and Jet.com packages that can be delivered along the route. Wal-Mart said employees can choose which days they want to deliver items, the number of packages they want to drop off and the size of the items they'll take with them. "You can imagine hundreds of associates who live all around in different neighborhoods around the Wal-Mart," said Marc Lore, who is the company's U.S. e-commerce chief. "We take the packages and say, 'OK, this associate lives over here and they're going to drive this way all along the route.' So the distance is pretty short that they need to go off their commute." Wal-Mart declined to specify how much employees will be compensated for delivering packages, but a spokesman said the company is complying with minimum wage and overtime laws. [EMAIL UPDATES: Get free breaking news alerts, daily newsletters with top headlines delivered to your inbox] Officials believe the service will speed up the delivery time on items and help cut costs by utilizing its 4,700 stores and 1.5 million employees. The company said 90 percent of the country's population lives within 10 miles of a Wal-Mart store. So far, the retailer said it has delivered hundreds of items as part of the three-store test the past month, and many of those have been dropped off at doorsteps within a day of being ordered. "You can imagine the future possibilities once this network is built out," Lore said, projecting that a successful pilot program could lead to an expansion of services to areas like fresh groceries or same-day delivery. The e-commerce initiative is the latest to be introduced since Lore joined the company as part of Wal-Mart's $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com last August. Wal-Mart previously announced plans to offer free two-day shipping on orders of at least $35 earlier this year. The company has recently started offering discounts to customers on products they order online and pick up in stores. The initiatives helped Wal-Mart's e-commerce sales increase 63 percent in the first quarter of the fiscal year. Annibal Sodero, an associate professor at the University of Arkansas' Sam M. Walton College of Business, said searching for solutions to curb last-mile delivery costs aren't new for the company. Wal-Mart has experimented with different options the past few years, according to Sodero. Wal-Mart announced during last year's shareholders meeting that it was partnering with ride-sharing services Uber and Lyft on grocery deliveries as part of a pilot program. The grocery delivery tests are ongoing, according to a Wal-Mart spokesman. "The key here is the final mile delivery cost," Sodero said. "Final mile delivery in e-commerce may account to up to 30 percent of the total logistics costs, being by far the largest component of the total logistics costs. This is just another attempt of Wal-Mart at lowering those costs." Wal-Mart also said it is taking precautionary actions to ensure its employees are vetted before delivering packages to customers. Those who volunteer for the program must submit to a background check and must have a clean driving record. Customers won't know when they order an item whether an employee will be delivering the product or one of the retailer's other last-mile partners like UPS or FedEx. Employees will wear their Wal-Mart vests when delivering to a home and will ask for a signature if the customer answers the door. If not, the package will be left on the doorstep. Carol Spieckerman, a retail consultant and president of Spieckerman Retail, said training will be important for those employees because they'll serve as the "face" of the company with customers who may not regularly shop at Wal-Mart stores. "This marks yet another way that Wal-Mart is creatively leveraging its physical scale, both in terms of store locations and their proximity to consumers, and Wal-Mart's army of associates," Spieckerman said. "It makes nothing but sense as Wal-Mart will be using existing associates already on its payroll, providing an incremental income for associates who opt into the program and a bit of an insurance policy for Wal-Mart in terms of security. Existing employees will have an incentive to keep things on the up and up and to work efficiently in order to stay in good standing." Business on 06/02/2017 Print Headline: Wal-Mart workers go extra mile; In test, employees deliver online orders on their way home Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Wal-Mart pilot programs tracks food PHOTOS/VIDEO: At shareholders meeting, Wal-Ma... U.S. employers add 138,000 jobs; rate dips to... Survey: Jobs up 253,000 in May In test, Wal-Mart workers deliver online orde... Auto sales fall for 5th straight month For lumber firms hit by U.S. tax, Canada offe... Cuban entrepreneurs form group Buyers of funds seeing fees fall More Business stories > Comments on: In test, Wal-Mart workers deliver online orders on their way home To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 'Executive privilege' to quiet Comey called an option (29 comments) Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (32 comments) 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack (6 comments) Pulled from reality (4 comments) 2 leaders affirm climate pledges (2 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (35 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Napco Security Technologies (NSSC) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.25 Newpark Resources (NR) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.30 Oppenheimer Holdings (OPY) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Unlikely to Affect Nuveen Premiumome Municipal Fund (NPI) Share Price Nike (NKE) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.15 National Grid plc (NGG) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.09 Brokerages Set Jack in the Box Inc. (JACK) PT at $112.60 NRG Yield, Inc. Class C (NYLD) Receives $20.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Signature Bank (SBNY) Receives $171.70 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Analysts Set Bloomin' Brands Inc (BLMN) PT at $20.25 BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC Has $456,000 Stake in Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Greenwoods Asset Management Ltd Invests $4.06 Million in ZTO Express (Cayman) Inc (ZTO) Yanzhou Coal Mining Co Ltd (YZC) Position Maintained by Segantii Capital Management Ltd Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc (ZBH) Shares Bought by Symphony Asset Management LLC Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL Sells 17,728 Shares of Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO) CRH Medical Corp (CRHM) Stake Held by Wilbanks Smith & Thomas Asset Management LLC Dai Ichi Life Insurance Company Ltd Has $204,000 Position in Xylem Inc (XYL) Dixon Hubard Feinour & Brown Inc. VA Boosts Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Alleghany Co. (Y) Stake Boosted by State of Wisconsin Investment Board Horizon Technology Finance Corp (HRZN) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.20 Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stake Held by JFS Wealth Advisors LLC June 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JFS Wealth Advisors LLC continued to hold its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 12,502 shares of the retailer’s stock at the end of the first quarter. JFS Wealth Advisors LLC’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $864,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of WMT. Fred Alger Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 2.1% in the fourth quarter. Fred Alger Management Inc. now owns 29,172 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $2,016,000 after buying an additional 599 shares during the period. Payden & Rygel boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 12.1% in the third quarter. Payden & Rygel now owns 141,520 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $10,206,000 after buying an additional 15,300 shares during the period. Sigma Planning Corp boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 7.4% in the third quarter. Sigma Planning Corp now owns 28,148 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $2,030,000 after buying an additional 1,950 shares during the period. Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 1.1% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 3,251,918 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $224,773,000 after buying an additional 35,845 shares during the period. Finally, Cohen Lawrence B boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the first quarter. Cohen Lawrence B now owns 6,050 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $436,000 after buying an additional 25 shares during the period. 29.69% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) traded up 1.54% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $79.81. 8,153,099 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of $242.22 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.12 and a beta of 0.09. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $76.23 and a 200-day moving average of $71.38. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 12 month low of $65.28 and a 12 month high of $79.81. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $116.53 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $117.01 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. Wal-Mart Stores’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.98 EPS. Analysts forecast that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.36 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stake Held by JFS Wealth Advisors LLC” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/01/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-stake-held-by-jfs-wealth-advisors-llc.html. WMT has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. Bank of America Corp reissued a “buy” rating and set a $88.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Vetr raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.31 price objective for the company in a research note on Monday, March 27th. KeyCorp reissued an “overweight” rating and set a $90.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “sell” rating and set a $67.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have given a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. Wal-Mart Stores has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $78.31. In related news, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 2,576,324 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $78.65, for a total transaction of $202,627,882.60. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 6,748,580 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $530,775,817. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,000,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.50, for a total transaction of $211,500,000.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $740,752,453.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 13,259,726 shares of company stock valued at $1,016,472,206. 51.55% of the stock is owned by insiders. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
71.0° Sections News News Home Local State Nation and World Community Lifestyle eEdition Sports Sports Home Preps Professional Bears Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest College Records Obituaries Births Police/Fire Birthdays Corrections Opinion Opinion Home Cartoons Editorials Letters Columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Home Books Deals Eat/Drink Events Movies Music Sauk Scene Technology Television The List Travel Share Submit an Event Contact Us About Us Advertise Deals Business Showcase Contact Contests Coupons e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Forms Get Newsletter Photos Planit Sauk Valley Public Notices Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads txtAlerts Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Video Weather More Pro Football Weekly Photos and Lists Today's Ads Video News Video Live Video Photo Store Cars815.com Public Notices Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Submit Your Event Market Place Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Digital Access Access saukvalley.com from all your digital devices and receive breaking news and updates from around the area. Sign InSubscribe Home Delivery Local news, prep sports, Chicago sports, local and regional entertainment, business, home and lifestyle, food, classified and more! News you use every day! Daily, Daily including the e-Edition or e-Edition only. Subscribe Text Alerts Choose your news! Select the text alerts you want to receive: breaking news, prep sports scores, school closings, weather, and more. Text alerts are a free service from SaukValley.com, but text rates may apply. Sign Up Email Newsletters We'll deliver news & updates to your inbox. Sign up for free e-newsletters today. Sign Up Online Newspaper SectionsSubscribe Nation & World Walmart testing delivery of online orders by store employees By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER AP Economics WriterJune 1, 2017 BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) – In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The world’s largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Some critics of Walmart’s labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says “many” packages are arriving at customers’ homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon’s $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Related Links Rock Falls Rotary Club news More than 200 attend survivor dinner Jobs data could signal shortage of qualified workers to hire Taking a page from their ‘Wish Book’ Walmart testing delivery of online orders by store employees Tweets from https://twitter.com/saukvalley/lists/svm-news-sports-staff Reader Poll Donald Trump has been president for about 100 days. How would you rate his performance so far? Excellent Good Average Fair Poor Vote!Show results AboutContactSubscribe Privacy PolicyEditorial Principles Today's AdsCareersCopyright © 2017 SaukValley.com. All rights reserved. Published in Sterling, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. FacebookTwitterCommentsEmailPrintMore Google+RedditPinterestTumblr
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Jobs Editorial | Columns | Career | Food | teenAGE | Letters | Auto | Clovis Toons | Page2 | E-Paper | Supplements | Football Weekly Round-up: Holness blasts MPs…Triple murder in Spanish Town…Stadium in honour of Bolt, Coach Mills 9:00 am Thompson, McCorory, Francis out of Racers' Grand Prix 7:15 pm Analyst group: IS claims London attack 6:00 pm $35m for road repairs in St Thomas 6:00 pm Music stars unite in Manchester as fans face down fears 4:45 pm Prolific Chase gets one-day call to face Afghans 4:30 pm New programme has Wal-Mart workers making home deliveries Thursday, June 01, 2017 Tweet NEW YORK, United States (AFP) — Want something from Wal-Mart? Employees may soon bring it right to your doorstep.The company said Thursday it was testing a program under which store employees will deliver goods to consumers on their way home, as it competes for business with Amazon and other online retailers. Wal-Mart said the program, launched in three test stores in the United States with an eye towards broader use, would be voluntary for employees, who would earn extra money for packages delivered. "Associates are fully in control of their experience," said Wal-Mart US eCommerce chief executive Marc Lore in a blog post. "If they don't want to participate, they don't have to." "Associates choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of those packages and which days they're able to make deliveries after work – it's completely up to them, and they can update those preferences at any time." Lore described the initiative as a potential "game-changer" because the chain's vast scale could enable it to make deliveries more quickly to consumers. Wal-Mart, the world's biggest retailer, has 4,700 stores across the country, with its stores within 10 miles (16 kilometres) of 90 per cent of the US population. The initiative will begin at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. The programs comes as Wal-Mart continues to beef up its e-commerce business, which is still small compared with market leader Amazon, which accounts for about 43 per cent of US online sales, according to consultancy Slice Intelligence. But Wal-Mart has invested heavily in e-commerce in recent years. E-commerce sales surged 63 per cent and merchandise volume saw a 69 per cent jump in the first quarter. However, company officials say e-commerce is still a relatively small part of overall sales. ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES 1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper ï¿½ email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus PNP councillor shot, assistant dead Thompson, McCorory, Francis out of Racers' Grand Prix Analyst group: IS claims London attack $35m for road repairs in St Thomas Music stars unite in Manchester as fans face down fears Prolific Chase gets one-day call to face Afghans $2-m ganja bust in St Thomas, St Elizabeth US Coast Guard makes multi-million dollar drug haul, nabs three Dom Rep nationals East Kingston police list three men as wanted Health coalition endorses WHO declaration against tobacco use Outrage as Trump targets London mayor over attacks Gov't senator proposes review of implementation procedures for int'l standards Trinidad Central Bank to eliminate one cent coin Gun with Haitian police insignia seized after men shoot at cops in Rockfort Venus out, French Open to have first-time Slam champ Statistics show INDECOM enhancing police work – Montague Jamaica stands with United Kingdom, says Holness 165lbs of cocaine found in shipments from Guyana, Suriname PNP condemns London Bridge attack Weekly Round-up: Holness blasts MPs…Triple murder in Spanish Town…Stadium in honour of Bolt, Coach Mills ADVERTISEMENT Poll ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
Prescott eNews  |   Chino Valley eNews  |    Prescott Valley eNews    |   eNewsAZ |   QUAD POD Home News Current News KQNA News Community Prescott Valley Chino Valley Yavapai County Events Aviation: Fly Prescott Community Calendar Submit an Event Education Education News Prescott Schools Embry-Riddle ( ERAU) Guidance Aviation Yavapai College Prescott College Northpoint Features Columnists Mountain Gardener In-Home Care Auto Corner On Sale This Week Mile High Show Health Watch Politics Opinion Real Estate News & Info Sports College Sports High School Sports Pro Sports Business & Tech Business News Business Intelligence Reports Business Profiles Marketing Minute Non-Profits Pet Organizations Big Brothers Big Sisters Home News Current News KQNA News Community Prescott Valley Chino Valley Yavapai County Events Aviation: Fly Prescott Community Calendar Submit an Event Education Education News Prescott Schools Embry-Riddle ( ERAU) Guidance Aviation Yavapai College Prescott College Northpoint Features Columnists Mountain Gardener In-Home Care Auto Corner On Sale This Week Mile High Show Health Watch Politics Opinion Real Estate News & Info Sports College Sports High School Sports Pro Sports Business & Tech Business News Business Intelligence Reports Business Profiles Marketing Minute Non-Profits Pet Organizations Big Brothers Big Sisters Celebration Friday: It's National Donut Day! Featured font size + – 02 June 2017   Lynne LaMaster It’s the one day of the year we all can – and should! – celebrate together: National Donut Day! Donut Day - aka, Doughnut Day - has a fascinating story behind it, which you can read below. But, first, let’s share the celebration opportunities around town. Fry’s Food Stores is starting the celebration early, offering one dozen donuts for just $2.99 on both Thursday and Friday.  Prescott Donut Factory Want to support a Mom’n’Pop store? Check out the Prescott Donut Factory on Iron Springs Road.  They are offering their delicious, homemade donuts for just $.99 each or a dozen for $9.95. In addition, if kids come in, they can enter a free drawing to win some awesome donut-y swag, including t-shirts, a mug, a backpack, socks and more.  WalMart is offering one free donut per customer on Friday, but the recommendation is to go early to get it. “We run out really quick,” the WalMart bakery lady said.  Safeway? Bah! They have no special offers, although they do have the standard donut holes for $5 per container.  Mortimer’s Donuts One more local offer to tell you about: Mortimer’s Farms.  I ate so many of these, I lost count. Now, I’ll be honest. I like donuts, but they’re not my very favorite thing ever. If I had to choose between a donut and chocolate cake, well, the cake would probably win. I’d never say I was addicted to donuts or anything like that, except…  Mortimer’s Donuts. Are. Amazing. My husband and I attended the Adult Easter Egg Hunt in April at Mortimer’s. They had a long table laid out with appetizer-type food like chips and dip, deviled eggs and more. I remember it was quite delicious, and my husband and I enjoyed ourselves immensely.  But, at the end of the table were piles of donuts. Fresh, wonderful, homemade donuts. Everything else they served was obscured by those stupendous donuts. I don’t know how many I ate, I lost count. If they had served medium rare ribeye steak and lobster next to the donuts, it wouldn’t have mattered, I would have been blinded by the sight of those round little delicacies.  Okay, so I know it takes a bit of a scenic drive to get to Mortimer’s Farm. It’s all the way out in Dewey. But, it’s so worth it. Trust me. It’s worth every mile, yes, every single mile. And no, Mortimer’s is not paying me to write this. If they did, I’d insist on being paid in donuts, just for the record. I am simply telling you the truth, these babies are addictive.  I called Mortimer’s and asked if they were celebrating Donut Day. You’re in luck, because the answer was, “Yes!”  Here’s the deal they’re offering - buy 6 donuts, get 6 free.  To be honest with you, twelve might not be enough. You should plan to purchase two dozen, especially if you have to share. But, take the drive. You’ll be glad you did.  Phoenix Metro Area Doughnut Deals If you happen to be in the Phoenix metro area, you’ve got lots of options. Dunkin’ Donuts is offering a free donut with the purchase of any beverage. Fractured Prune Doughnuts will give you a free OC Sand doughnut just for coming in, no purchase required. Krispy Kreme Doughnuts is also offering a freebie donut with no purchase required. The story behind National Doughnut Day You might be surprised to learn that National Donut Day started way back in 1938 as a fund raiser for The Salvation Army in Chicago. The idea was to help those in need during the Great Depression and also to honor the Salvation Army ‘Lassies’ in WWI who served donuts to soldiers. After sending a fact-finding team to France, the Salvation Army realized that US enlisted men could be supported by canteens/social centers called “huts”. These huts would serve baked goods, provide writing supplies and stamps and help with mending clothes. Each hut had about six staff volunteers, including women who could “mother” the boys who were so far away from home.  Unfortunately, the huts encountered difficulties in delivering the fresh baked goods, and two Salvation Army volunteers, Ensign Margaret Sheldon and Adjutant Helen Purviance came up with the idea of offering doughnuts instead, which were an instant hit. As a matter of fact, Sheldon described one of her typical days, “Today I made 22 pies, 300 doughnuts, 700 cups of coffee.”  The hut volunteers became known as “Doughnut Girls,” or “Doughnut Dollies”. Can’t get enough donuts on Donut Day? Well, no worries. This is just the beginning. June 8: International Jelly-Filled Doughnut Day September 14: National Cream-Filled Doughnut Day October 30: Buy a Doughnut Day Why the Marines Celebrate their very own Donut Day We’ll end on a humorous note. Some Marines celebrate their own National Donut Day on the same day as the Marine Corps’ Birthday. The US Naval Institute relays this story from the wife of a Vietnam POW: "In September 1969, after Orson had been a prisoner three very hard years (the early years were by far the worst) Ho Chi Minh died. Orson was at Son Tay with about 55 other men. One day in October he was called in for an interrogation… which he said was more of an “English lesson” for the interrogator as opposed to one of the beatings they received when Ho Chi Minh was calling the shots. The interrogator began by bragging about his country and its 4,000 year history and belittling the USA… saying, “Your country is very young, it doesn’t even have very many heroes or holidays.” Knowing that the Marine Corps birthday was coming up on November the 10, Orson began to spin a story……. "He pretended to take umbrage, saying… “No, no, no…. you are quite wrong… we have many holidays in our country, as a matter of fact, one is coming up very soon. There will be festivals and children will dress up in costumes and it’s very important to us.” The interrogator became interested so Orson proceeded that it was called, “National Donut Day”…. "Before you can really appreciate this you need a bit of background. Before Ho Chi Minh’s death, the prisoners were practically starved to death. They were eating nothing but rice and swamp grass soup (as they call it) and sometimes pumpkin soup. Orson says they estimated that he went down to a little as 120 pounds… At shoot down he was something like 175 and 6’2”. So this is unbelievably thin. The men were hungry all the time. Very hungry. About twice a year they would get what they considered an incredible treat… it was noting more than old French bread.. that had become hard and moldy, but the cooks would deep fry it and roll it in sugar and the prisoners called the result “sticky buns” and to them it was mana from heaven…. "So when explaining National Donut Day, Orson told his interrogator that “Donuts are a lot like your sticky buns… they are sweet bread, and on National Donut Day everyone has one…. or more of them.” Not sure what the outcome might be, Orson was sent back to his cell, where he immediately started tapping through the wall to all the other POWs saying…”Hey guys, you gotta back me up. I just invented a new holiday and if they find out I was pulling their leg, there will be hell to pay — tell all the guards that National Donut Day is on November 10 — don’t let me down! Pass it on!” A few weeks went by, and to everyone’s great surprise, on November 10 the prisoners at Son Tay prison — known for being one of the worst —and also for the failed rescue attempt — were served sticky buns and — Orson was the hero of the day!" Tweet K2_TAGGED Doughnuts donuts National Donut Day Prescott Donut Factory Mortimer's Family Farm Lynne LaMaster Latest from Lynne LaMaster Cancer Death Rates Continue Overall Decline Speaker Mesnard Announces Article V Planning Committee Grand Jury Returns Indictment of 1st Degree Murder Arizona Wildfires Continue to Burn Moisture Creeps Across Northern Arizona Related items A-Mazing Corn Maze and Pumpkin Fest at Mortimers Join the 10,000+ others and subscribe to the newsletter. Get all latest news Newsletter Sign-Up! For Email Newsletters you can trust. ADVERTISING Contact Advertising What Makes US Different SUBMIT Contact Editor Submit Press Release Letter to Editor Editorial Guidelines Submit Article DIGITAL SERVICE Marketing Consulting Contact Digital Services Online Advertising Social Media Marketing Website Development Search Engine Optimization ABOUT Privacy Policy Careers & Jobs Leadership & Staff About Us All content copyright © 2007-2017 by PrescotteNews & may not be republished or reproduced without written permission. All Rights Reserved.
Share 23 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-06-04 Wiz Khalifa’s Ex Amber Rose Dodges Million Dollar Lawsuit Entertainment 2017-06-02 Kandi Burruss Almost Left ‘Real Housewives Of Atlanta’ Because Of Phaedra Parks And Porsha Williams Entertainment 2017-06-02 Marilyn Monroe’s Home Sells Over Asking Price, But Is It Haunted By Her Ghost? Some Say Yes Entertainment 2017-06-02 Ariana Grande Manchester Concert: 10,000 People Fraudulently Attempt To Claim Free Tickets News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-06-04 Alaska Volcano Eruption 2017: Expert Explains Why Predicting When Bogoslof Volcano Will Erupt Is Tricky News 2017-06-04 Man Dies Of Flesh-Eating Vibrio Vulnificus Bacteria After Tattoo Session News 2017-06-04 Al Gore Disappointed Over Trump’s Decision To Leave Paris Accord – ‘Thought That He Would Come To His Senses’ News 2017-06-04 Duke University Student, Michael Doherty, Found In Woods Died From Hypothermia, Police Say Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-06-04 WWE Extreme Rules 2017 Results Basketball 2017-06-04 NBA Mock Draft 2017: Report Places Lonzo Ball In Top Five, But Not Above Josh Jackson Wrestling 2017-06-04 Huge Spoiler For Jinder Mahal/Randy Orton Rivalry Heading Into Rematch Football 2017-06-04 Kevin White Must Step Up For The Chicago Bears [Opinion] Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-06-04 ‘Alien’ Yoga: The Newest Fitness Rage That Contorts Your Midsection In Otherworldly Way Lifestyle 2017-06-04 Seven Helpful Things To Do By Yourself Before Getting Married [Opinion] Beauty, Lifestyle 2017-06-04 Breaking The Internet & Stereotypes, Sudanese Model Nyakim Gatwech Is A Slap On Our Skin-Color Obsessed World Lifestyle 2017-06-03 June Is Adopt A Rescue Cat Month — Here’s What You Need To Know Before Bringing A Shelter Cat Home Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-06-03 June Is Alzheimer’s And Brain Awareness Month — Why People Are Displaying Purple And How You Can Show Support Health 2017-06-03 Ambrosia Offers Fountain Of Youth To Older Adults, New Treatment Can Potentially Reverse Aging Health 2017-06-03 Bradley Lowery’s Mother Reveals In Heartbreaking Facebook Post That The Five-Year-Old Has ‘Only Weeks To Live’ Health 2017-06-02 Flesh-Eating Bacteria Kills Man Who Took Swim After Getting New Tattoo Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-06-04 Valve Promises Low Fee For Steam Direct Gaming 2017-06-04 Top ‘Overwatch’ Player Hacks To Rank: DDOS Attacks Abound Gaming 2017-06-04 ‘Kingdom Hearts’ Orchestra World Tour Features Exclusive New Story Scenes, Concert Comes To U.S. This Summer Gaming 2017-06-04 ‘The Sims 4’ Pets DLC Rumor: New Leak Hints Horses Scrapped, November Release Date BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Unfazed By Approaching Tornado, Canadian Man Trims Lawn BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Gyrating Drag Queen At Grade School Show Shocks And Peeves Off Parents — Video [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Melania Trump On June 4: Melania In $2,595 Silk Gown At Ford’s Theatre For Gala Amid Affair Rumors [Photos] BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Oregon Father’s ‘No Shame’ Toddler Leash Picture Goes Viral SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Walmart Set To Release Jelly Donut Oreos This Weekend In A Sweet Ode To National Donut Day BuzzWorthy 23 0 0 June 1, 2017 Walmart Set To Release Jelly Donut Oreos This Weekend In A Sweet Ode To National Donut Day Kathryn Cook The best day of the year is almost upon us and companies around the country are doing everything they can to prepare the first Friday in June, which just so happens to be known as National Donut Day. It’s by far the the sweetest holiday in existence. And while many donut giants like Krispy Kreme and Dunkin’ Donuts are giving away freebies to customers, Oreo is taking somewhat of a different approach. Since the popular cookie retailer doesn’t include a traditional donut in their lineup of sweet goodies, they decided to give consumers the best of both worlds by unveiling one of their most innovative creations to date — the Jelly Donut Oreo. That’s right, it’s like an Oreo and donut had a love child. The unique creation is comprised of two golden Oreo cookies on the outside with a custard ring and raspberry filled center on the inside, resembling the ever so popular, yet classic jelly-filled donut. But there’s one catch — according to People Magazine, you can only purchase the Jelly Oreo Donut exclusively at Walmart stores starting this weekend. And even though Walmart isn’t giving away the cookies for free, they’re pretty reasonable at just $2.98 for a pack of 36. That’s just enough Oreos to tide you over while binging on your favorite Netflix show this weekend. A post shared by OREO (@oreo) on Sep 8, 2014 at 7:35am PDT Just last year, Walmart customers were asked to take a poll to help the retailer choose which Oreo the store would carry in 2017. The three choices included Cookies & Cream, Caramel Apple, and of course, the Jelly Donut Oreo. Believe it or not, the Cookies & Cream Oreo won the competition but Walmart decided to release the second place Jelly Donut Oreo to the public anyways. Thank goodness for us. Not surprisingly, Oreo enthusiasts took to Twitter to express their excitement over Oreo’s newest release. One user referred to the newest Oreo as “lit”. “Omg check this…a jelly donut Oreo… cookies that taste like donuts…its lit now.” Another user called Oreo’s latest cookie a great pairing with milk. “How do you make Oreos an even better match with milk? Jelly Donut flavored Oreos! #OhYeah” A post shared by OREO (@oreo) on Mar 25, 2016 at 7:12am PDT Oreo is no stranger to creating out-of-the-box cookies. Some of their past and present flavors include Red Velvet, Mint Creme, Lemon, Birthday Cake, Peanut Butter Cup, and Strawberry Shortcake just to name a few. And of course this Easter, the U.S. was blessed with Peep Oreos, which created a buzz for unique reasons. Many people claimed on social media that the bright pink filling in the Peep Oreos was turning their stools pink. That’s right, it goes in like an Oreo and comes out like a dyed pastel egg. Needless to say, the jokes on Twitter were highly entertaining. “My roommate ate a whole pack of oreo Peeps and left a pink stain in the toilet.” Other users claimed that the Oreo also dyed their tongues pink, making it very hard to remove the stain while brushing. “I tried Peep flavored Oreos yesterday. I’ve now brushed my teeth and tongue 6 times and they’re still pink. Is this just my life now?” But if Oreos aren’t your thing and you still want to celebrate National Donut Day, you can check our your local donut shop for sweet deals. As the Inquisitr reported before, tons of donut retailers are participating in National Donut Day including Krispy Kreme, who plans to give customers a free donut, with no other purchase required. Should you choose to go to Dunkin’ Donuts instead, they’re offering a free classic donut with the purchase of any beverage. How sweet it is to be alive at a time like this! [Featured Image by Nick Lundgren/Shutterstock] Share 23 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Kathryn Cook Tags: jelly donut oreo, nabisco, oreo, national donut day December 20, 2014 Congress Again Spends $120 Million On Abrams Tanks The Army Said It Doesn’t Want December 20, 2014 Politician Who Follows Duke University Porn Star Belle Knox Says His Twitter Was Hacked Comments LATEST HEADLINES Despite Trump, People Are Still Working Towards Saving The Planet [Opinion] Cash Freeman: Oklahoma Man Shoots And Kills Neighbor Who Was Trying To Drown Infant Twins Son Gets Life In Prison For Murdering Father, Stabbing Him 60 Times Followed By A Hammer Attack Megyn Kelly Asks Russian President Vladimir Putin, ‘Do You Have Something Damaging On Donald Trump?’ Joseline Hernandez To Launch Movie Career, Talk Show After ‘LHHATL’ Departure Blake Shelton Calls Gwen Stefani ‘The Worst Co-Host Of All Time’ WWE Extreme Rules 2017 Results Rob Kardashian: Blac Chyna Furious Over Meghan James Romance, Demands Full Custody Of Dream? Gloria Govan: Derek Fisher’s Girlfriend Had Sex With Laura Govan’s Ex-Husband, Says Basketball Wives LA Sister Misleading Media: Trump’s Approval Rating Declined Much Less Compared To Past Presidents Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories George Clooney Skips Humanitarian Award Ceremony To Be With Amal During The Childbirth 16.6k 0 0 Trump’s 11-Year-Old Son Thought Beheaded Image Was Real 17.3k 0 0 James Comey Testimony Could Be Blocked By White House, Raising Talk Of Impeachment 10.3k 0 0 House Ethics Complaints Filed Against Paul Ryan And Devin Nunes For Obstruction Of Justice 6.3k 0 0 Leah Remini And Kevin James Back Together: ‘King Of Queens’ Carrie Joins ‘Kevin Can Wait’ As Series Regular 8.4k 0 0 Kathy Griffin Breaks Down At Press Conference Over Photo: ‘Donald Trump Ruined My Life, But I Won’t Stop’ 8.4k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Business All Agriculture Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Retail Startups Tourism Wal-Mart execs respond to analysts and media questions on e-commerce, corruption investigation Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Lawrence County Detention Center project on schedule and below projected budget Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Arkansas tax revenue collections above revised forecast in May Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Lawrence County Detention Center project on schedule and below projected budget Fort Smith Schools Superintendent gets one-year contract extension, millage vote will not happen in 2017 Panel: Thriving economies can spring from just one or two cultural ‘anchors’ Sen. Boozman seeks to designate U.S. 67 as I-57; could be years before it becomes an interstate Video / Podcasts Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Sen. Tom Cotton questions anonymous-sourced stories, supportive of Trump’s foreign diplomacy Revenue and Tax chairman wants highway plan inside tax code overhaul Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Arkansas Transportation Report: Arkansas River traffic dips below 900,000 tons in April, lowest level since 2011 Little Rock harbor project underway, latest in several TIGER-funded projects in Arkansas Executive leadership additions continue at USA Truck The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Store-to-door deliveries by Wal-Mart employees raises insurance liability question BusinessLatest News by Michael Tilley (mtilley@talkbusiness.net) 3 days ago 260 views  Tags: Wal-Mart Stores 0 SHARES Share Tweet Wal-Mart execs were unclear on how they will – or have – resolve potential insurance liability problems in their plan to use store employees to deliver online orders from stores to a customer’s door. The Bentonville-based retailer announced Thursday (June 1) it has piloted a program in three stores – one in Northwest Arkansas and two in New Jersey – for about four weeks in which online orders at Jet.com and Walmart.com are delivered from a store to a home or business. Employees may choose the days they want to deliver, the size and weight of the packages and how many deliveries they want to make. Wal-Mart has created an algorithm that overlaps employee addresses with delivery destinations on customer orders. The company said an employee will not be asked to drive out of their way to deliver a package. Wal-Mart said it will pay employees extra for the work, and also said it will work within overtime rules. “Walmart has strength in numbers with 4,700 stores across the U.S. and more than a million associates. Our stores put us within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population. Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way. It’s easy to see why this test could be a game-changer,” Walmart U.S. e-commerce CEO Marc Lore noted in a statement. If the program is expanded, it could put thousands of Wal-Mart employees on the road each day making deliveries for Wal-Mart. An accident in which the employee is at fault would be just a matter of time. Marty Clark, president of BHC Insurance which has offices in Northwest Arkansas and is based in Fort Smith, said personal auto insurance policies typically have a “business use exclusion” which would force Walmart U.S. employees who participate in the program to obtain a commercial auto policy. “And that’s more expensive” for the employee, Clark noted. The issue of auto liability as it relates to performing a service is not new, Clark said, adding that Wal-Mart lawyers and execs have plenty of examples of what can go wrong. “There are a lot of problems with services like Uber that the insurance industry has struggled with. … Those problems have been very publicly documented, so I would think they (Wal-Mart) would be aware of all the pitfalls,” Clark said. He also said Wal-Mart is “very sophisticated … and may have figured out how to deal with that (liability) question, but in my view of what I know about this is that it could place a lot of liability on the driver, on that employee.” Talk Business & Politics asked Wal-Mart for details as to how liability might be handled. Following was the only response: “Eligible associates must be 18 or older, have a valid driver’s license and proof of insurance. They must also pass a background check which includes a Motor Vehicle Records (MVR) check.” In addition to potential costly liability exposure to the employee and Wal-Mart, Clark also said the retailer will need a process to ensure the employee maintains the insurance. “How do you know when that 25-year old driver forgets to pay his premiums … and doesn’t tell Wal-Mart about it, and it just cancels out in the middle of the year?” Clark explained. Clark, whose company insures pharmacies and other businesses that operate a fleet for home deliveries, suggested a better way for Wal-Mart to handle store-to-door deliveries. “It would be a much cleaner way … from an insurance angle, if Wal-Mart not only employed the driver, but with a Wal-Mart vehicle and assumed all the liability.” Comments comments Previous post Arkansas congressional delegation applauds Trump’s withdrawal from climate treaty Next post Panel: Thriving economies can spring from just one or two cultural ‘anchors’ Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Jason England Cash flow critical in commercial construction Marshall Ney A win for wet communities in Arkansas Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, curly mustaches and lost causes Gov. Asa Hutchinson Computer coding enthusiasm Tamika Edwards Ending poverty one judgment at a time Latest Popular Lawrence County Detention Center project on schedule and below projected budget 3 hours ago Wal-Mart execs respond to analysts and media questions on e-commerce, corruption investigation 8 hours ago Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration 13 hours ago Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission 13 hours ago Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate 13 hours ago Ernest Hemingway’s refuge in Northeast Arkansas continues to attract visitors 2,129 views Annual meeting entertainment rooted in Sam Walton’s desire for a good time 2,123 views Chick-fil-A files site plan for third location in Rogers 1,955 views The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks 1,602 views Arkansas congressional delegation applauds Trump’s withdrawal from climate treaty 1,437 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
× Please Subscribe to Continue Reading. Become a digital subscriber today and enjoy unlimited access to the Omaha World-Herald anytime, anywhere. If you are a 7-day print subscriber, unlimited digital access is included in your subscription and you simply need to set up an online account. If you need help, please contact our office at 1-844-311-9811 or email owhdigital@ggl.bhmginc.com. Please purchase a subscription to continue reading. Your current subscription does not provide access to this content. Sign Up Log In Digital only subscription Sign up now for a digital only subscription to omaha.com for just $9.95 a month.  As a digital only subscriber you have access to all of our digital products - Omaha.com, mobile, apps, and ePaper. $9.95 for 30 days Get Started Digital access for non 7 day print subscribers Upgrade your less than 7 day World-Herald print subscription now for access to all of our digital products - Omaha.com, mobile, apps, and ePaper for just $9.95 per month.   $9.95 for 30 days Get Started Digital access for 7 day print subscribers Full access to all of our digital products - Omaha.com, mobile, apps, and ePaper is available at no charge to 7 day print subscribers.  Free access for current print subscribers Get Started Interested in a print subscription that includes digital access? Click here × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article 73° Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Omaha Metro Crime/Courts/Public safety Weather Nebraska Iowa Legislature Politics 2017 Omaha election Education Military Good News Dataomaha Record National World Special Sections Sports Big Red Today Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone NebHSRecruiting.com The Bottom Line Midlands Colleges Outdoors Lancers Storm Chasers National Golf College World Series Blogs Shatel Money Warren Buffett Inside Business Stocks Agriculture Entertainment Arts Dining Movies Music Nightlife TV Dining reviews Food Prowl: Omaha's best Living The Better Half Momaha Good News Health & Fitness Inspired Living Wedding Essentials Let's Celebrate NE Passport Adventures Omaha: We Don't Coast Special sections Health & Fitness Fitness Nutrition Sex & Relationships Health Inspiration Meet Me at the Gym Race photos Live Well Nebraska Magazine Live Well Challenge Race calendar Consumer Momaha Opinion Jeff Koterba cartoons World-Herald Editorials Public Pulse Syndicated columnists Midlands Voices Koterba Caption Contest ePaper Obits Celebrations Columnists Brad Dickson Erin Grace Matthew Hansen Michael Kelly Tom Shatel Good News Nation World Video Photos Calendar Weather Contests Special Sections Inspired Living Omaha Wedding Essentials Bellevue Leader Gretna Breeze Papillion Times Ralston Recorder In The Game World-Herald Archives Customer Service User Dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber Services Single copy locations Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff OWH Rewards Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Search job listings Join the BH Media Team Inside Business Legal & Public Notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us OWH Rewards Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 73° Few Clouds Omaha, NE (68102) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Some clouds this evening will give way to mainly clear skies overnight. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low around 60F. Winds light and variable. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 10:52 pm Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join the BH Media Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us Customer service User dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber services Single copy locations Contests OWH Rewards Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff Subscribe Home ePaper Obits Close THE ASSOCIATED PRESS People walk in and out of a Walmart store, in Dallas. Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart is testing program that uses employees to deliver online orders as they drive home Jun 1, 2017 Updated Jun 2, 2017 (…) THE ASSOCIATED PRESS People walk in and out of a Walmart store, in Dallas. Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company’s annual meeting. The world’s largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company said. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a “very dense web” of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said Thursday. “This is not something they are required to do.” So far, employees “love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart’s labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. “When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more,” said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers labor union. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn’t provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer’s home — what the industry refers to as the “last mile” — “makes up the lion’s share of fulfillment costs,” Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says “many” packages are arriving at customers’ homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional bricks-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon’s $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More information Walmart's strategy to compete with Amazon: Acquiring established online retailers  like Omaha’s Hayneedle Acquiring online retailers like Omaha’s Hayneedle is part of Walmart’s strategy to compete with Amazon Amazon hits $1,000 a share for the first time, giving it a market value double that of Walmart Online sales up, but in-store struggles continue for Target Walmart touts online progress at annual shareholder meeting Tags Walmart Commerce Economics Employee Delivery Company Store Worker Ravi Jariwala Package Amazon Featured Businesses The Winery 741 N 98th St, Omaha, NE 68114 402-391-3535 Memrical 2821 S. 108th St. Suite A, Omaha, NE 68164 402-884-1177 Currently Open Land Pros Realty 428 S Bryan Cir, Ste 100, Gretna, NE 68028 402-932-5499 Lauritzen Gardens 100 Bancroft St, Omaha, NE 68108 402-346-4002 Sherwin Real Estate & Insurance 2446 E Lake Dr., Union, NE 68455 402-263-3838 A View West 4141 N 156th St, Omaha, NE 68116 402-933-2929 In case you missed it Gordmans will face plenty of competition as it converts into an off-price retailer Millard's Lumberyard District sees dramatic transformation into space for offices, retail and apartments Omaha-based Gavilon still faces an oversupply of grain from record 2016 harvest Cabela's quietly sought sale before investor push; Jim Cabela tried to keep HQ in Sidney Future of shopping malls is more promising than you might think, industry executives say Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway Annual charity auction to win lunch with Warren Buffett starts tonight — with a twist Warren Buffett's cigar butt lesson: seeing value that others miss Thousands attend tour of bright, colorful Buffett Cancer Center Tweets by @OWHmoney loading... Today's ePaper Omaha World-Herald Sunrise Edition Omaha World-Herald Subscriber services ePaper online Subscriber log in Demo ePaper TV Listings Print edition Subscribe for delivery Single copy locations Sections News Sports Money Living Entertainment Opinion ePaper Full site index Buy & sell Autos, Cars, New & Used Vehicles Classifieds Daily Deal Omaha FindIt Real Estate & Homes in Omaha Jobs Omaha, Employment Legal notices Weekly ads Services Contact us Subscribe Subscriber services News alerts + newsletters World-Herald apps Advertise with us Join the BH Media Team Omaha.com, Omaha, Neb. ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
» · Trump · DonaldTrump · ClimateChange · Republicans · Environment · Democrats · Resistance · GOP · Community · Russia · ParisAgreement · election · Progressives · Vote · 2018 · GOTV · Paris · Politics · TeaParty · Election2018 · HealthCare · Populists · GlobalWarming · 2018Election · Climate · VladimirPutin · 2018midterms · ParisClimateAgreement · vote2018 · Media Sign up Log in 0 Messages New Blog Entry Drafts View/Edit My Profile Image Library My Groups My Stories My Activity Stream My Comments Subscribe to hide ads Show Ads Hide Ads Log out   Blog It! Help Join the mailing list News Front Page Elections Labor Comics Daily Kos Liberation League Radio   More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Community Recommended Most Shared Recent Stories Community Spotlight GROUPS Readers and Book Lovers Science Matters ClassWarfare Newsletter More... More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Action Sign if you are outraged Trump pulled us out of the Paris climate agreement The Paris Climate deal was the most comprehensive international accord to fight climate change yet. It was signed by all but... Sign if you agree: Suspend Jared Kushner's security clearance Jared Kushner, Donald Trump's son-in-law and one of his senior advisers, is now considered a “subject of interest” by the FBI... Sign the petition: Elect the president by national popular vote Donald Trump has won the presidency after narrowly carrying a few states to put him above 270 electoral votes. But... See All 10 Campaigns » Daily Kos Labor Queue Stream Members Following Profile Walmart's new package delivery plan: Its workers can drop your order off on their way home By Laura Clawson   Thursday Jun 01, 2017 · 12:22 PM PDT 2017/06/01 · 12:22 267 Comments Share this article 135 135 135 Add to Blog RSS Update Edit Administration Un-Rescue Rescue REBLOGGED BY TAGS Labor Recommended Walmart Edit Tags Tag History × Tag History No history yet. Done Editing Tags 267 Comments Share this article 135 135 135 Walmart has a totally great, in no way open to abuse, new way to compete with Amazon: it’ll just have its in-store workers deliver packages on their way home from work. “Walmart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this,” he said, adding that 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Walmart store. “There is really strong overlap between where are associates are already heading after work and where those packages need to go.” Management claims this is a great new thing for workers: The company is billing the program as a way for employees to earn extra money, although there were few details on how they would be paid. Jariwala declined to clarify whether employees would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination of those things. [...] The program is voluntary for Walmart employees, Jariwala said, adding that they can sign up for up to 10 deliveries per day using a company app. They can also set size and weight limits on packages. If there are not enough employees to deliver packages, Jariwala said carriers like UPS and FedEx would fill in. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said. “This is not something associates are required to do. They are, first and foremost, always going to finish their shift.” And no manager ever retaliated against a worker for not participating in a supposedly voluntary program. And we can completely believe that Walmart will make the additional pay for deliveries fair to workers. Walmart has earned our trust like that with its stellar treatment of workers in its stores, right? Yeah, right. Right now this is a pilot program in three stores, but wait until it becomes a widespread practice—smart money says the abuse stories will start rolling in pretty quickly. 267 Comments Share this article 135 135 135 267 Comments Comment Settings Close Settings Auto refresh Collapse on load Show hidden Show until I hide Comments are closed on this story. ( f ) Recommend ( r ) Reply More hints... ( p ) Parent ( o ) Open/Close ( j ) Next Unread ( k ) Prev Unread ( J ) Next ( K ) Prev Back to Story Show Parent Thread Recommended list Most Shared © Kos Media, LLC Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Privacy Policy Daily Kos Front Page Elections Labor Radio Comics RSS About Masthead History Writers Terms Rules of the Road DMCA Copyright Notice Endorsements Privacy Merchandise Shirts Advertising Advertising Overview Stats for advertisers Contact Media Inquiries General Inquiries Jobs × Close Close Close Save changes
Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham, AL Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Seen on WBRC FOX6 News Live Video & Events Download WBRC apps Seen on TV Traffic Tracker Editorials Recipes Delays and Closings Plan Your Evening News Download the WBRC News app Alabama Headlines National Tuscaloosa News Local Sports News Traffic Tracker Good Day Recipes Recalls Weather Download the WBRC Weather app Delays and Closings Weather Blog FutureCast SkyVision Cameras Zip Code Forecast Traffic Tracker Mickey's Weather Kids How to program a NOAA weather radio First Alert Weather Tour WBRC First Alert Severe Weather Policy WBRC First Alert Storm Tracker, powered by Town & Country Ford iHeartMedia Radio Partners Sports Alabama Auburn UAB Samford JSU Download the Sideline Plus app WBRC FOX6 Sideline Tide and Tigers Today Karle's Korner Alabama Sports Headlines Video Live Video Right This Minute Video Special Features Videos Sports Videos Editorials Videos Good Day Videos Weather Videos Share Photos and Videos Video Requests Good Day Traffic Tracker Contest Entry Page Recipes Business Break Mickey's Weather Kids Pet Pics Magic City Weekend Features Fugitive Finder Road Warrior Heart Gallery Alabama #WBRCandMe Pet Pics Weddings Home and Garden Food Health Money Auto Home/Family Tech TV Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events FOX Broadcasting Company Bounce TV Grit TV Absolutely Alabama Right This Minute About Us Meet the Team WBRC FOX6 News Job Opportunities WBRC FOX6 News Internship Program 2016 EEOC Public File Report Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders 2017-06-02T04:24:12Z2017-06-02T04:24:12Z By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER AP Economics Writer BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) - In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company's annual meeting. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart's labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. "When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more," said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home - what the industry refers to as the "last mile" - "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Cosby's image as father, family man on the line at sex trial Cosby's image as father, family man on the line at sex trial Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:18 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:18 GMT Bill Cosby goes on trial Monday in the only criminal case to emerge from the dozens of sexual assault allegations lodged against him.More >> Bill Cosby goes on trial Monday in the only criminal case to emerge from the dozens of sexual assault allegations lodged against him.More >> Run, Hide, Tell? London attack response likely saved lives Run, Hide, Tell? London attack response likely saved lives Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:11 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:11 GMT As reports of stabbings in a popular London nightspot started flowing in late Saturday, police sent out a tweet warning people in the area to run, hide and then call authorities.More >> As reports of stabbings in a popular London nightspot started flowing in late Saturday, police sent out a tweet warning people in the area to run, hide and then call authorities.More >> Things to know about Ohio police shooting retrial Things to know about Ohio police shooting retrial Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:07 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:07 GMT Testimony is expected to begin this week in the murder retrial of a white former police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black motorist during a 2015 traffic stop in Cincinnati.More >> Testimony is expected to begin this week in the murder retrial of a white former police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black motorist during a 2015 traffic stop in Cincinnati.More >> Solo climber is 1st up mighty California rock without ropes Solo climber is 1st up mighty California rock without ropes Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:00 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:23:00 GMT An elite rock climber has become the first to climb alone to the top of the massive granite wall known as El Capitan in Yosemite National Park without ropes or safety gear.More >> An elite rock climber has become the first to climb alone to the top of the massive granite wall known as El Capitan in Yosemite National Park without ropes or safety gear.More >> Quickly reporting cancer complications may boost survival Quickly reporting cancer complications may boost survival Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:22 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:22:58 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:22 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:22:58 GMT A study finds that having cancer patients use home computers to report problems like nausea and fatigue surprisingly improved survival, by almost half a year.More >> A study finds that having cancer patients use home computers to report problems like nausea and fatigue surprisingly improved survival, by almost half a year.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1720 Valley View Drive Birmingham, AL 35209 (205) 322-6666 FCC Public File publicfile@wbrc.com (205) 583-4343 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Business Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Home Business Retail June 2 2017 Save Print Walmart asks staff to deliver packages on their way home Abha Bhattarai facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Business Day: Sign up for our newsletter Walmart's newest tactic in its fight against online giant Amazon: asking its employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 04:37 Why investors are excited about Amazon Why investors are excited about Amazon Amazon shares reach a milestone by briefly rising above $US1000 for the first time on Tuesday. Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 Video duration 00:43 ASX winners and losers - a snapshot ASX winners and losers - a snapshot The stand out listings traded on the ASX captured at key moments through the day, as indicated by the time stamp in the video. Up Next Australia's economic growth conundrum Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:40 Video duration 02:40 Australia's economic growth conundrum Australia's economic growth conundrum Recent retail and capex numbers have shown positive signs of growth but some forecasters are predicting that the March quarter's GDP figures will be heading in the opposite direction. (This video was produced in commercial partnership between Fairfax Media and IG Markets) Up Next The unknown recession Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:53 Video duration 01:53 The unknown recession The unknown recession Australia may have enjoyed more than 25 years without a recession, but as Peter Martin explains, it's been a close run thing. Up Next Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Play Video Don't Play Video duration 06:47 Video duration 06:47 Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Virgin Group founder Richard Branson urges the importance of countries working together to tackle climate change. Up Next Wall Street signals bond yields to remain lower Play Video Don't Play Video duration 05:31 Video duration 05:31 Wall Street signals bond yields to remain ... Wall Street signals bond yields to remain lower The Australian dollar was around US50 cents the last time the yield advantage was this small. Up Next Scaremongering season Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:15 Video duration 02:15 Scaremongering season Scaremongering season The old rule applies: if an economist makes a dire prediction of doom and gloom, he or she gets plenty of media attention. Michael Pascoe comments. Up Next What to expect from retail sales Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:18 Video duration 02:18 What to expect from retail sales What to expect from retail sales AMP Chief Economist Shane Oliver predicts the risk of another RBA rate cut this year. More videos Why investors are excited about Amazon Amazon shares reach a milestone by briefly rising above $US1000 for the first time on Tuesday. The idea, Walmart executives said on Thursday, was to cut costs on the so-called last-mile of deliveries, when packages are driven to customers' homes, often the most expensive part of the fulfilment process. "It just makes sense. We already have trucks moving orders from fulfilment centres to stores for pick-up," Marc Lore, chief executive of Walmart's e-commerce business, and the founder of Jet.com, said in a blog post on Thursday afternoon. Related Content 'Most exposed': Wesfarmers tipped to lose $400m to Amazon Amazon 'hype' over the top "Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer's house." The company began testing the package-delivery program a month ago in three stores – two in New Jersey, one in north-west Arkansas – but did not offer details on when, or where, it would expand across the United States. Advertisement Employees would be paid extra, and offered overtime pay as necessary to make the deliveries, Walmart spokesman Ravi Jariwala said Thursday. "Walmart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this," he said, adding that 90 per cent of Americans lived within 16 kilometres of a Walmart store. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link The idea is to cut costs on the expensive 'last-mile of deliveries', when packages are driven to customers' homes. Photo: Bloomberg "There is really strong overlap between where are associates are already heading after work and where those packages need to go." The company is billing the program as a way for employees to earn extra money, although there were few details on how they would be paid. Mr Jariwala declined to clarify whether employees would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination of those things. Mr Jariwala said Walmart employees had delivered hundreds of packages over the last month, fulfilling orders placed on Jet.com, which Walmart acquired last year, as well as Walmart's own website. The announcement comes as Walmart doubles down on its online business, where sales grew 63 per cent in the first quarter of this year. The company - long the country's largest retailer - has taken aggressive steps in the past year, beginning with its $US3.3 billion purchase of Jet.com to compete with Amazon.com, which currently accounts for about 33 per cent of the country's online sales. (Jeff Bezos, the founder of Amazon, owns The Washington Post.) Walmart has also been rapidly expanding its grocery pick-up program, in which shoppers retrieve online orders in the parking lots of a nearby store. More recently, the company has begun offering discounts on certain digital purchases if customers opt to pick them up in-store. In that model, Walmart uses its own trucking fleet to deliver packages to stores, tapping into an existing transportation network. A year ago, Walmart announced it would partner with ride-sharing services like Uber, Lyft and Deliv to deliver groceries in Phoenix, Denver and Miami. Those efforts were ongoing, Mr Jariwala said. Walmart's move comes as Amazon continues to build up its transportation and logistics firepower to support speedy delivery. Amazon.com has leased a fleet of 40 cargo jets to bolster its supply chain, and has developed an Amazon-branded trucking fleet. The Seattle-based company has also created Amazon Flex, an on-demand network of drivers, in which the model is similar to Uber or Lyft. The program was voluntary for Walmart employees, Mr Jariwala said, adding that they could sign up for up to 10 deliveries a day using a company app. They could also set size and weight limits on packages. If there were not enough employees to deliver packages, Jariwala said carriers like UPS and FedEx would fill in. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said. "This is not something associates are required to do. They are, first and foremost, always going to finish their shift." The Washington Post Originally published on The Sydney Morning Herald as Walmart asks staff to deliver packages on their way home. Related Content Australians targeted by Amazon spam scam 'Dark days' for retailers as Cyclone Amazon approaches Amazon to slash JB Hi-Fi, Harvey Norman earnings: Citi Advertisement HuffPost Australia The Big Four Whingeing About The Bank ... Contains: External link Aussies Are Warming To The Use Of Bots ... Contains: External link Most Popular When profits eat wages we all pay the price RBA becomes a lonely rate-cut candidate Optus admits slashing prepaid data without telling 45,000 customers Sydney, Melbourne home price falls pause Therese Rein takes lion's share of $160m from business sale Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business When profits eat wages we all pay the price Bunnings finds it can afford to shun online Therese Rein takes lion's share of $160m from business sale Clock ticking for big builders as blacklist looms RBA becomes a lonely rate-cut candidate WA Today Cheesed-off customer slams Perth restaurant's 'European nachos' Muslim students 'told to leave' Convention Centre for making patrons 'uncomfortable' Perth pizza robber said family was hungry Ben Cousins' ex says she committed him to psych ward John McEnroe makes light of Margaret Court furore The Sydney Morning Herald London attack: What we know so far John McEnroe makes light of Margaret Court furore Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see London attack: Australian woman Candice Hedge stabbed in neck The Age Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives Secret ASIO raid uncovered classified documents in power couple's Canberra apartment Margaret Court the guest speaker at Liberal Party fundraiser in Melbourne Knife-wielding terrorists kill seven in bloody rampage US cities, states and companies commit to Paris Accord Brisbane Times Woman's leg degloved in horror yacht accident The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see 'Non-viable' twins cling to life amid anger at hospital Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives London attack: Australian woman Candice Hedge stabbed in neck Canberra Times Secret ASIO raid uncovered classified documents in power couple's Canberra apartment Man arrested after double hit-and-run in Yarralumla Lara Worthington's very nice payday for 30 minutes of work 'Betrayed': Couple's hopes dashed after forking out $10,000 We sent a plus-size mum to the Fashfest model casting WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) How to build a state trooper One Love Manchester concert being carried live around the world Terror attack on London Bridge leaves 6 dead; police shoot 3 News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Prime minister vows to fight back 'Run, Hide, Tell' likely saved lives Trump may not block Comey testimony Trump's tweets take combative tone Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Depth foils LeBron's triple-double Wildcats stun Tar Heels Benintendi backs Sale 7th inning stretches another Mets loss Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Next for Trump: infrastructure Coming up with a down payment the biggest hurdle On The Move Farmers, lawmakers call for respect of workers amid Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of the Capital Region Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Best of the Capital Region 2017: Italian restaurant New York City mourns a first responder to 9/11 Naughty by Nature, Outlaws join Alive at Five lineup People in the news: Boy? Girl? Don't tell Serena Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Ciudad Juarez museum tells Mexican Revolution story Bite-Sized: Morsels of food news TIPS: How to make the most of grilling season Sipping: Wine pick of the week Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives The Battle of Midway – And An Unexpected Saratoga Conservatism, properly understood, part 2 Schodack Food Truck Festival June 4 We have baby birds. TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Freihofer's runner helps us see disabilities in a new light Editorial: Let's get specific, Albany Region's job market ready to embrace college grads The Buzz Jobs Top Workplaces Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Albany Med service targets executive patients Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Learning lessons from a garage sale fail High & Low House of the Week: Rowhouse on Washington Park, Albany June's Parade of Homes set to be largest yet Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Free movies: Bow Tie Cinemas Summer Kids Series returns June 20 What to buy in June? Key items to “buy” or “wait to buy” during Money tips for new college grads MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/tuplus-opinion/article/Editorials-Long-story-short-11193851.php Editorials: Long story short Published 5:53 pm, Saturday, June 3, 2017 Easing of enforcement a bad idea from the start Rensselaer County District Attorney Joel Abelove has seen the light — or at least he heard the harsh criticisms of his puzzling policy to go light on Wal-Mart shoplifters. Either way, he has made the right decision to reverse a deal he had brokered with the nation's largest retailer whereby his office wouldn't bother prosecuting first-time, nonviolent shoplifting cases, as long as the stolen loot totaled less than $100. It was aimed at better using his office's limited resources. Fortunately, he dropped the practice after the Times Union revealed the written agreement between his office and Wal-Mart. Sheriff Patrick Russo, one of many critics, put it best: "We shouldn't be sending the message that stealing is acceptable." Stepped-up enforcement is the right way to go Albany County District Attorney David Soares is getting appropriately tough on those who fail to use court-ordered breath-activated ignition interlock devices after alcohol-related driving convictions. The district attorney had delegated local courts to handle a rising number of cases in which people are charged with a misdemeanor for circumventing an ignition interlock device. They could face up to a year behind bars, but too many times the local justices were allowing plea bargains, including for multiple offenders. Mr. Soares, who already takes a hard line on drunken driving cases, is right in arguing that people who bypass interlock devices must be fully prosecuted. Someone who's allowed to drive after a drunken driving conviction is already getting a second chance. No more deals. Trade group shouldn't have to sue for records The state's Associated General Contractors says it supports the policy of encouraging businesses operated by minorities and women, or MWBEs, on public projects, but it still questions whether the program is run fairly. Getting answers is not so easy, though: The state has refused in some cases to produce records on the MWBE program. So the contractors group has sued. The public is left to wonder just why the Cuomo administration is so intent on keeping this information secret. This is a TU+ story. Click for more information. Latest News Kmack set to take lacrosse further Taking a look at the best of the week in Section II Art of drag shines in Albany Curb fixes fall to property owners Letter: Pay attention to reasonable people Still plenty of time for political leadership in New York Editorial: A pension idea to do now Michael Gerson: Trump is confirming worst fears View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
About Contact Contests News Staff Sundance Live SXSW 2010 Film Festival Live Coverage Twitter Feed WAMG Text Service Review Contests About Podcasts News Staff Contact General News SHOWING ROOTS starring Maggie Grace Arrives on DVD June 20th By Tom Stockman | June 3, 2017 Share Tweet Share Share 0 comments Tweet Email Tweet Email Return to the 1970s when the inspirational drama SHOWING ROOTS, starring Maggie Grace and Uzo Aduba, arrives on DVD at Walmart on June 20 from Lionsgate. Return to the 1970s when the inspirational drama Showing Roots arrives on DVD at Walmart on June 20 from Lionsgate. The film tells the story of two women who cross racial boundaries to form a friendship and fight against inequality in their small town. Maggie Grace and Uzo Aduba lead an all-star cast that includes Adam Brody, Elizabeth McGovern, and Cicely Tyson.From director Michael Wilson (The Trip to Bountiful), the Showing Roots DVD includes a behind-the-scenes featurette and will be available for the suggested retail price of $14.98. In 1977, as the miniseries “Roots” hits the airwaves, two women are inspired to try and integrate their small Southern town. In a place where there are still “right” and “wrong” sides of the tracks, these two young women — one white, one black — forge an unlikely friendship that sparks a journey of independence and self-discovery, and ultimately results in the creation of the perfect hairdo. Stars Maggie Grace, Uzo Aduba, Elizabeth McGovern, Adam Brody, Cicely Tyson. DVD/DIGITAL HD SPECIAL FEATURES “Behind the Scenes of Showing Roots” Featurette   CAST Maggie Grace              Taken, Lockout Uzo Aduba                               TV’s “Orange Is the New Black,” American Pastoral Adam Brody                             TV’s “The O.C.,” Mr. & Mrs. Smith Elizabeth McGovern                TV’s “Downton Abbey,” Kick-Ass Cicely Tyson                            TV’s “How to Get Away with Murder,” The Help     Related ItemsCicely TysonElizabeth McGovernUZO ADUBAadam brodymaggie grace Tom Stockman ← Previous Story Jackie Chan in RAILROAD TIGERS Arrives on Blu-ray and DVD June 20th From Well Go USA Next Story → ALTITUDE Starring Dolph Lundgren and Denise Richards Lands on Blu-ray and DVD June 20th You may also like... AFTERMATH Starring Arnold Schwarzenegger and Maggie Grace Arriving on Blu-ray and DVD June 6th WAMG Giveaway – Win the ORANGE IS THE NEW BLACK: SEASON 4 Blu-ray ORANGE IS THE NEW BLACK: SEASON 4 – Arriving on Blu-ray, DVD, and Digital HD May 9th Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. About Contact Contests News Staff Sundance Live SXSW 2010 Film Festival Live Coverage Twitter Feed WAMG Text Service WeAreMovieGeeks is a Movie News & Reviews resource Copyright © 2013 Lanier Media Latest News Director Patty Jenkins’ WONDER WOMAN Has Largest Female-Lead Superhero Movie Opening Of All Time A GRAIN OF TRUTH – St. Louis Jewish Film Festival Review ALTITUDE Starring Dolph Lundgren and Denise Richards Lands on Blu-ray and DVD June 20th SHOWING ROOTS starring Maggie Grace Arrives on DVD June 20th FANNY’S JOURNEY – St. Louis Jewish Film Festival Review Disney’s BEAUTY AND THE BEAST on Digital HD, DVD, Blu-ray and Disney Movies Anywhere June 6th Tags Review paramount pictures Warner Bros. Pictures Film festival SLIFF 20th Century Fox marvel Comedy Johnny Depp Documentary Universal Pictures brad pitt disney Trailer Horror The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences Steven Spielberg michael bay Oscars saint louis Robert Downey Jr. Seth Rogen mark wahlberg Samuel L Jackson Tom Cruise Hugh Jackman Gary Oldman Quentin Tarantino Scarlett Johansson lionsgate
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 73° Low 68° High 82° Fayetteville 68° Low 64° High 77° Bentonville 68° Low 66° High 80° See complete forecast Fort Smith PD: All Clear After Bomb Threat At Local Walmart Posted 2:38 pm, June 3, 2017, by 5NEWS Web Staff, Updated at 10:05PM, June 3, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video FORT SMITH (KFSM) -- No bomb was found was found at the Walmart Supercenter on Kelley Highway in Fort Smith, according to police, but the store will not reopen until 5 p.m., or a bit later. Fort Smith Police Sergeant Wes Milan said the store was evacuated Saturday (June 3) after Walmart's Loss Prevention department found a note about a bomb threat in the women's restroom. The retailer chose to evacuate the store.  The gas station and parking area was also evacuated as a precaution, police said. "The police evacuated the building and I was told to leave the store immediately," one shopper told 5News. 5News reporter Krystle Sherrell was at the scene throughout the afternoon with the latest details and photos.     Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Mercy Healthwatch Your latest health news. Popular 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Ada Man Shot Dead While Allegedly Trying To Drown Twins Missing Arkansas Man’s Dismembered Body Found Baby Dies After Pregnant Mom Is Seriously Injured In Crash With Suspected Drunk Driver Latest News 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Professional Angler Gives Fishing Tips For Free Fishing Days 15-Year-Old Business Owner Opens Her Doors Ariana Grande Holds Benefit Concert In Wake Of Terror Attacks VIDEO: Dave Van Horn Recaps Win Over Oral Roberts News Fayetteville High School Students Return To Class Following Bomb Threat News Holiday Bomb Threats Target 5 Jewish Centers In US, Canada News Bentonville Hotel Partially Evacuated After Carbon Monoxide Leak News Stormtrooper Costume Prompts Evacuation Of Wisconsin High School News Police Identify Driver, Pedestrians In Deadly Accident In Rogers Walmart Parking Lot Crimestoppers News Rogers Police Ask For Help Identifying Suspects Who Stole $3,000 Worth Of Goods From Walmart News Fort Smith Store Employee Shoots Intruder News Fort Smith Police Searching For Man Accused Of Stealing From Local Walmart News Fort Smith Police Searching For Man Involved In Alleged Walmart Theft News German Rock Festival Evacuated Because Of Terror Threat News ‘Help Me! I’m Going To Die’: 16-Year-Old Illinois Girl Accused Of Killing Uber Driver With Knife, Machete News Fort Smith Police Discover Several Underground Tunnels Leading To Giant Man-Made Hole News Springdale Police Find Pipe Bomb Outside City Hall Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Traffic Pedestrian killed in crash on I-440 in Raleigh Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Chance for storms remains overnight, Monday Sponsor Weather 2017 Atlantic hurricane season begins as many still struggle to recover from Matthew DUALDoppler5000 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Baseball North Carolina State holds off Kentucky 5-4 in NCAA regional Our Take Reliable Dalatri leads UNC past Michigan 8-1 in elimination game Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Perimeter players likely to rule ACC hoops in 2017-18 Twitter mailbag goes from sandwiches to 90s music All ACC Tourney games (don't) matter Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business Must-do for Congress: Raise debt limit, pass spending bills Business Trump to push for overhauling roads, bridges, air traffic Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Serena Williams in Silicon Valley Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: Legislature's budget -- More comfort for the comfortable Editorial: Legislators should heed protesters' message on Medicaid PHILIP PRICE: Truth is Senate 'cuts' to education 'bureaucracy' mean less accountability and support for teachers, students Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Business Duke seeks 15 percent increase in electric rates Business Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Health Team Texas lawmakers make few moves to address pregnancy deaths Political News This one letter helped spark a national opioid epidemic Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Theme park fun around US Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Entertainment Late in life, sex assault trial caps Cosby's life and legacy Entertainment Grande returns to Manchester to honor victims with benefit Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event You don’t need the newspaper to get your Sunday Circulars Click & Save for Instant Savings › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Restaurant patrons hid following shooting of 7-year-old boy Out and About Thousands take to Raleigh streets for Ironman race Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Interested in sports & pop culture? Listen to the NEW podcast › 72° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 72° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather Halifax and Northampton counties are under alert. Details Published: 2017-06-03 06:06:00 Updated: 2017-06-04 13:39:37 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Swagbucks Swag Code until 3 pm Sunday Tags: Freebies Posted 6:06 a.m. Saturday Updated 1:39 p.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18Evc Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Heads up! There is a Swagbucks Swag Code available today until 3 pm for 2 SB points! The code is: WinAJeep Enter it at Swagbucks.com HERE in the Swag Code box. New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. Look below for a bonus sign up code! How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Just this week, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. This post contains affiliate links and I appreciate your using them! More On This IMAGE: Swagbucks Swag Code until 3 pm Sunday 1 Swagbucks.com website Swagbucks Stealth Code Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers $175 Off - Electric Panel Replacement Myrtle Beach Specials - Book Now & Save Myrtle Beach Spring Deals - Save Up to 40% UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel Free Credit Score - No Card Required! Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Clayton DWI checkpoint yields 7 arrests, 84 charges and citations News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast News WRAL Late News Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Clayton DWI checkpoint yields 7 arrests, 84 charges and citations News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast News WRAL Late News Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Companies Does Donad Trump still think climate change is a hoax? No one can say Business Standard Walmart accused of punishing workers for sick days Walmart is accused of violating Americans with Disabilities Act and the Family and Medical Leave Act Rachel Abrams  June 3, 2017 Last Updated at 22:15 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWPoDm ALSO READ Hear stories of exploited unlawful migrant workers, not just deport them US immigration: How unaccompanied youth become exploited workers in the US Breather for over 24,000 illegal Indian workers in Kuwait Disney sued by ex-workers for replacing American workers with Indians Meet the foreign tech workers left in limbo by Trump moves A report released by a workers’ advocacy group says Walmart, the nation’s largest private employer, routinely refuses to accept doctors’ notes, penalises workers who need to take care of a sick family member and otherwise punishes employees for lawful absences. The report, based on a survey of more than 1,000 employees, accuses Walmart of violating the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Family and Medical Leave Act, among other worker-protection laws. The group argued in a lawsuit filed last month, and in an earlier complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, that Walmart discriminated against pregnant workers. “Walmart should fully comply with the law so that no one is illegally punished for a disability-related absence or for taking care of themselves or a loved one with a serious medical condition,” said Dina Bakst, a founder and president of A Better Balance, the advocacy group that preparedthe report. Walmart said that it had not reviewed the report but disputed the group’s conclusions, and said that the company’s attendance policies helped make sure that there were enough employees to help customers while protecting workers from regularly covering others’ duties. “We understand that associates may have to miss work on occasion, and we have processes in place to assist them,” Randy Hargrove, a spokesman for Walmart, said. The company reviews each employee’s circumstances individually, he said, “in compliance with company policy and the law.” Walmart has long been known for its penny-pinching attention to detail and its opposition to organised labour. But in the past couple of years, the company has announced that it would raise its minimum wage to $10 an hour and has pledged to invest heavily in training and paying workers. Workers’ advocates have expressed scepticism about the retailer’s commitment to improving the lives of its more than one million employees.  ©2017 The New York Times News Service Read More On Walmart | Workers | Accusations | Sick Days | Advocacy Groups | Pregnant Workers | Worker Protection Laws | International | Companies PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Walmart accused of punishing workers for sick days Walmart is accused of violating Americans with Disabilities Act and the Family and Medical Leave Act Walmart is accused of violating Americans with Disabilities Act and the Family and Medical Leave Act A report released by a workers’ advocacy group says Walmart, the nation’s largest private employer, routinely refuses to accept doctors’ notes, penalises workers who need to take care of a sick family member and otherwise punishes employees for lawful absences. The report, based on a survey of more than 1,000 employees, accuses Walmart of violating the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Family and Medical Leave Act, among other worker-protection laws. The group argued in a lawsuit filed last month, and in an earlier complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, that Walmart discriminated against pregnant workers. “Walmart should fully comply with the law so that no one is illegally punished for a disability-related absence or for taking care of themselves or a loved one with a serious medical condition,” said Dina Bakst, a founder and president of A Better Balance, the advocacy group that preparedthe report. Walmart said that it had not reviewed the report but disputed the group’s conclusions, and said that the company’s attendance policies helped make sure that there were enough employees to help customers while protecting workers from regularly covering others’ duties. “We understand that associates may have to miss work on occasion, and we have processes in place to assist them,” Randy Hargrove, a spokesman for Walmart, said. The company reviews each employee’s circumstances individually, he said, “in compliance with company policy and the law.” Walmart has long been known for its penny-pinching attention to detail and its opposition to organised labour. But in the past couple of years, the company has announced that it would raise its minimum wage to $10 an hour and has pledged to invest heavily in training and paying workers. Workers’ advocates have expressed scepticism about the retailer’s commitment to improving the lives of its more than one million employees.  ©2017 The New York Times News Service Rachel Abrams Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Walmart accused of punishing workers for sick days Walmart is accused of violating Americans with Disabilities Act and the Family and Medical Leave Act A report released by a workers’ advocacy group says Walmart, the nation’s largest private employer, routinely refuses to accept doctors’ notes, penalises workers who need to take care of a sick family member and otherwise punishes employees for lawful absences. The report, based on a survey of more than 1,000 employees, accuses Walmart of violating the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Family and Medical Leave Act, among other worker-protection laws. The group argued in a lawsuit filed last month, and in an earlier complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, that Walmart discriminated against pregnant workers. “Walmart should fully comply with the law so that no one is illegally punished for a disability-related absence or for taking care of themselves or a loved one with a serious medical condition,” said Dina Bakst, a founder and president of A Better Balance, the advocacy group that preparedthe report. Walmart said that it had not reviewed the report but disputed the group’s conclusions, and said that the company’s attendance policies helped make sure that there were enough employees to help customers while protecting workers from regularly covering others’ duties. “We understand that associates may have to miss work on occasion, and we have processes in place to assist them,” Randy Hargrove, a spokesman for Walmart, said. The company reviews each employee’s circumstances individually, he said, “in compliance with company policy and the law.” Walmart has long been known for its penny-pinching attention to detail and its opposition to organised labour. But in the past couple of years, the company has announced that it would raise its minimum wage to $10 an hour and has pledged to invest heavily in training and paying workers. Workers’ advocates have expressed scepticism about the retailer’s commitment to improving the lives of its more than one million employees.  ©2017 The New York Times News Service Rachel Abrams Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Press Esc to close Monday 05 June 2017 News updated at 9:41 AM IST epaper  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   Business   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Champions Trophy   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   Kitchen   Recipe   Archives   DH Classifieds    Saudi, UAE, Egypt, Bahrain cut diplomatic ties with Qatar      Four militants killed as CRPF repel fidayeen attack in Kashmir      Umpire Ravi passes away      Zidane pep talk did the trick      Real remain masters of Europe      Pakistan bow to Indian might      Pakistan bow to Indian might      IT employee unions for 'compassionate unionism'      'India GDP growth to remain flat at 7.1%'      Demonetisation will help boost revenues in long run: World Bank      PSBs plan to raise Rs 58k cr this fiscal      RCom: Telecom industry's cash deficit at Rs 1.2 L cr      Kohli, Yuvraj fire India to 319/3 in rain-hit tie      Play resumes, match reduced to 48-over a side      Terror funding probe: NIA continues raids in J&K      Punjab police arrest three ISI backed ISYF terrorists      Dissatisfied with probe, Anurag Tiwari's family mulls moving court      Molestation victims sought to lodge report, harassed by cop      Pakistan put India in to bat      Kohli, Yuvraj fire India to 319/3 in rain-hit tie      As CBI court holds Babri hearings, temple issue hots up in UP      Trump speaks with Theresa May on brutal London terror attacks      Witnesses share horrific tales of attack in central London      Modi expresses anguish over London attacks      Two-goal Ronaldo fires Real to 12th European title      7 killed, 48 injured as terror attacks strike heart of London      Raghu, Misha sail into final      Food as aesthetic symbol and its afterlives      Cattle rule puts lives at stake      TYGR taxis to ply on Bengaluru roads soon      Ind-Ra revises outlook on Vedanta to stable      BoB signs agreement with SFAC      Textile industry welcomes 5% GST      Big US firms stay on White House panel despite climate jolt      Property prices set to drop post-July 1      Cisco India on talent grooming drive      Sona BLW expands Hungary facility      'More hybrids you sell, greater the chances of EV success'      Gujarat govt notifies amended law with provision of life-term for cow slaughter      Govt retains Rohatgi as Attorney General and Kumar as Solicitor General      PM Modi to hold talks with new French President      ED issues fresh summons to separatist leader Shabir Shah      The little-known of replica of Gateway of India!      Grand old man of Indian Politics, Karunanidhi turns 94 today      'CBI fear' driving officers away, Kejriwal may hire outsiders to run CMO      ISIS failed in India despite large Muslim population: Rajnath      Two jawans killed as militants attack Army convoy in J-K      No special arrangements for my visits, Adityanath tells officials      'Trump's climate claims on China, India false'      Dual Battle for India: Pakistan on field, controversy off it      Maneka Gandhi to be operated for gallstones in AIIMS      India squander lead; lose 1-2 to Belgium      CBI busts transfer racket at Army headquarters, arrests two      NIA raids in Kashmir, Delhi, Haryana over terror funding      Ceasefire violation in 2 sectors in Poonch, woman injured     Next Story Textile industry welcomes 5% GST Read more >> You are here: Home » Business » Big US firms stay on White House panel despite climate jolt Big US firms stay on White House panel despite climate jolt Reuters, Washington, Jun 3 2017, 22:26 IST US President Donald Trump announces his decision that the US will withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement, in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington. Reuters Several major US companies, including WalMart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump’s withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. “Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world,” Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs’ criticism of the US withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest US retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was “disappointed in today’s news about the Paris Agreement. We think it’s important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.” IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. “IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world,” a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump’s decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump’s business group. “I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment,” Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is “disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table.” Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump’s manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added, “Industry must now lead and not depend on government.” Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal “a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people.” Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration’s efforts to boost US economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for US goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. “If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption.” The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have “a statistically insignificant impact on the environment.” “If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,” she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group. Blackrock Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump’s business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co’s new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump’s immigration policies. Email this page Print this page Tweet Go to Top Videos Wal-Mart tests new delivery program Euro zone manufacturing continues to surge Bank of England faces strike action over pay Uber fires self-driving car chief Higher pay in May, or some other day? RBS gets a week to end investor suit or face trial New civil suit facing Fiat Chrysler UK business sounds alert on election pledges China-Hong Kong bridge to unity, or tentacle of Beijing control? Videos more Militants stage deadly terror attack in London BSF soldiers hail 'Men in Blue' by performing Bhangra Police chief confirms nine deaths - including three attackers in London attack Congress protests against Indo-Pak match, burns Pakistan flag Bhanwari Devi murder case: Accused Indira Bishnoi arrested Coast Guard rescues 31 personnel off sinking barge Thieves loot Rs. 4 lakh meant for marriage Police arrests 5, seizes Rs 1.15 crore demonetised currency Real Madrid win a record 12th European Cup with a 4-1 win over Juventus Surfing legend, wetsuit pioneer Jack O'Neill dies at 94 Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.IIT-M student attacked after participating in 'beef feast' 2.Rajasthan HC wants cow to be declared national animal 3.I am reading Upanishads, Gita to take on RSS, BJP: Rahul 4.Sooraj undergoes eye surgery, friends say protests planned 5.When the coast is compromised 1.Bikes used for wheelies could be junked, warn cops 2.Playing peekaboo with the past 3.Music and dance reviews 4.Airport train, beyond Metro 5.Grand old man of Indian Politics, Karunanidhi turns 94 today 1. Airport train, beyond Metro 2. 7 killed, 48 injured as terror attacks strike heart of London 3. India outclass Pakistan 4. Are you on Twitter? US Journalist asks Modi, gets trolled on social media 5. 5-year-old girl in shock after brutal sex assault Photo Gallery Indian cricketers watch Pakistan's Shoaib Malik leave the field after he was dismissed by Ravindra . India's Ravindra Jadeja, celebrates the dismissal of Pakistan's Azhar Ali during the ICC Champions Teammates congratulate India's Ravindra Jadeja, third left, for taking a catch to dismiss Pakistan's Pakistan's Shadab Khan celebrates with captain Sarfraz Ahmed... Indian cricket captain Virat Kohli, left, and Rohit Sharma... India's Shikhar Dhawan, right, and Rohit Sharma... Pakistan's Wahab Riaz bowls during the ICC Champions Trophy... India captain Virat Kohli waits to lead his team... Police officers stand by a cordoned-off staircase in San Carlo Square in Turin, Italy... Priests and devotees offer prayers at Har ki Paidi... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright 2017, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523 Powered by Yodasoft Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Continue to site >> Action Alerts PLUS Access AAP Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Real Money Access RM 25 Rules of Investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Cramer Mad Money ETFs Futures Markets Much More Banks Biotech Retail Tech Personal Finance Retirement Financial Advisor Center How to Spend Options Fixed Income Video DJIA NASDAQ S&P 500 Market Data updated Sign In Your Membership(s) Your Account Account Preferences Alerts Newsletters Subscribe Logout Subscribe Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you. Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club Compare All Walmart Workers to Executives: We Can't Pay Our Bills Lindsay Rittenhouse Jun 3, 2017 3:40 PM EDT At Walmart's (WMT) annual shareholders meeting on Friday, some employees took the stage to voice their grievances against the company about pay and advancement. "Today, I make over $10 an hour, and I appreciate that Walmart took this small step, but still too many of us are part-time, too many of us can't plan our lives or find the time to line up a second job or pay our bills," a three-year Walmart associate from North Carolina said at the meeting. The associate argued that many employees who work part-time wish to increase their hours and advance their career at Walmart with a full-time position, but the company instead hires more part-time workers. She urged Walmart to disclose the percentage of workers who are employed full-time and part-time broken down by race, gender and ethnicity "to embrace fairness." Walmart's 2017 shareholder's meeting. A Walmart spokesman said hourly full-time associates can earn as much as $24.70 an hour and on average full-time employees make $13.70 an hour. He said the company's "Open Shifts" program also allows part-time workers to view and pick up extra, empty shifts to gain more hours. Since 2014, Walmart has made various notable changes to how it treats its employees, after years of complaints. In 2015, the company introduced a $2.7 billion, two-year investment in its associates, raising its minimum wage initially to $9 an hour and then to $10 in 2016. Components of the program included bonuses, raises for 1.2 million employees and a training program that teaches fundamental retail skills, such as which items turn a profit, under which Walmart said it will graduate 225,000 associates from this year alone. "Hundreds of thousands of associates have taken advantage of new opportunities to advance their career as a result of our $2.7 billion investment in training, education and higher pay," a Walmart spokesman said earlier today. He claimed that Walmart's workforce is primarily comprised of full-time positions, adding: "Just last year, we converted more than 150,000 associates from part-time to full-time in Walmart U.S. alone." Amy Ritter, who said she advocates for Walmart workers through the group, Making Change at Walmart (MCAW), also spoke at the meeting, stating that all employees deserve better pay and "a better life." In an interview with TheStreet ahead of the meeting, Ritter said U.S. taxpayers pay $6.2 billion a year to cover government assistance costs, like welfare, for Walmart employees who can't afford to live on what the company pays them. She said some still make as little as $9 an hour. Shares of Walmart closed slightly down to $79.62. Click here for the latest business headlines. Read More Trending Articles: Why We Might Not See Another Nasty Recession Until 2024 Pizza Hut Says It Will Soon Start Doing Something That Blows Everyone Away Biotech Movers: Synergy Pharmaceuticals Explodes 15%, and Bluebird Bio May Be Next Jim Cramer -- Canada Goose and Workday Are Killing It, and Critics Have Now Stopped Laughing Editors' pick: Originally published June 2. If you liked this article you might like Future of Walmart Looks Like It Will Include Making Life Hell for Hated Rival Amazon Game on for Walmart. Brian Sozzi Jun 4, 2017 8:00 PM EDT This Chart Perfectly Shows How Amazon Is Absolutely Embarrassing Every Single Retailer Alive Amazon is crushing it. Brian Sozzi Jun 4, 2017 2:40 PM EDT Walmart Can Make Amazon Look Bad Like in wrestling, Walmart can turn into the good guy. Ed Ponsi Jun 4, 2017 2:00 PM EDT Walmart Just Revealed These Crazy Futuristic Things It's Testing to Pummel Amazon It's clear Walmart is planning for the future. Lindsay Rittenhouse Jun 4, 2017 1:30 PM EDT Trending 22 Large Retailers Besides J.C. Penney Are Closing Waves of Stores U.S. Stock Futures Tumble After London Terrorist Attack 10 Cool Features We'll Likely See on the $1,000 Apple iPhone Sense8, The Get Down and 5 Other Canceled Netflix Originals This Revolution Could Send Goodyear Tire's Stock Surging More Than 50%, Says Analyst Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
CLOSE ADVERTISEMENT Science / Technology News Forums Not a Topix user yet? Sign Up Forgot Your Password? Back to login Sections All Topix Top Stories Forums User Forums Business Tech Sports Entertainment US News Weird News Offbeat Stars! Topix › Science / Technology › Wal-Mart reassures employees as it to... Wal-Mart reassures employees as it touts tech investments Next Story Prev Story Friday Read more: Channelnewsasia.com Wal-Mart Stores Inc executives on Friday reassured workers they remained integral to the company's success as they highlighted investments in online sales and other technology to compete with rivals like Amazon.com Inc. FILE PHOTO - A Walmart store is seen in Encinitas, California, U.S. on April 13, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo FAYETTEVILLE, Ark.: Wal-Mart Stores Inc executives on Friday reassured workers they remained integral to the company's success as they highlighted investments in online sales and other technology to compete with rivals like Amazon.com Inc . Start the conversation, or Read more at Channelnewsasia.com. Leave a Comment Track Replies Comments Add your comments below Enter Comments Characters left: 4000 You are currently logged in as . Not ? Enter Username Enter Numbers Please note by submitting this form you acknowledge that you have read the Terms of Service and the comment you are posting is in compliance with such terms. Be polite. Inappropriate posts may be removed by the moderator. Send us your feedback. Science / Technology Discussions Title Updated Last By Comments "Science vs. Religion: What Scientists Really T... (Jan '12) 2 min Subduction Zone 71,843 COSI's first 10 years in its new digs haven't g... (Nov '09) Sat Barry Jizzle 127 Uncover Threats in SSL Traffic: The Ultimate Gu... Sat stupidform 1 Students hack into school system, change grades (Apr '07) Sat Mary 724 Prince Andrew opens new world-class research fa... Jun 2 Daisy 1 Is Time An Illusion? (May '10) Jun 2 VetnorsGate 14,171 Vector Injection is worth the drive to Acton Jun 1 MoldyMasters 1 See all Science / Technology Discussions Find what you want! Search Science / Technology Forum Now Trending Now Syria North Korea Supreme Court Health Care China Microsoft Climate Change Tiger Woods Tornado U.S. Open Science / Technology News Science / Technology News California programs to entice would-be teachers... Rumor claims Apple's MacBook Air line is dead Here are the top 5 most popular VR headsets - a... Parker: Trump's accidental call to action 'Will Robots Take My Job?' Is the Website That ... Apple is said to be prepping a Siri speaker in ... Gwynne Dyer: Robot takeover? Rancho Santa Fe slaying 'savage and brutal' pro... SpaceX tries again to launch 1st recycled suppl... Duffy the rough collie can't catch balls Marketing Growth Hacks for the 'Fake News' Era Stars to shine at Wroughton's Science Museum More Science / Technology News from Topix » More from around the web   Baltimore, MD News Forums & Polls Real-Time News Crime Dating Jobs Local Politics Obituaries Real Estate Yellow Pages Explore More Topix US News US Cities List World News World Countries List Celebrities Business Finance Autos Sports Sci-Tech Electronics Entertainment Movies Music Television Health Arts & Life Food Travel Site Map / All Topics About Topix RSS Newsfeeds Law Enforcement School Officials About Us Jobs FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Report Abuse? Feedback? Comments made yesterday: 20,429 • Total comments across all topics: 281,521,321 Copyright © 2017 Topix LLC • Flag inappropriate postPost has been flagged for review • Send feedback • Cancel Change location Baltimore, MD Enter city, state or zip International users, click here. Be in the know! Notify me when there are new discussions. Thanks for your comment! Enter your email to get updates on this discussion. Don't show me this message again today. Thanks for kicking off the conversation! Enter your email to get updates when people reply. Thanks for your comment! Share your thoughts with the world Share on Facebook Now Don't show me this message again today.
BERMUDA | Monday June 5, 2017 Subscription RSS Mobile AC35 News Business Sport Lifestyle Opinion Classifieds Jobs Obituaries #ourAC Tall Ships Commission of Inquiry Court Crime Education Environment Health Labour Politics Tourism Same-Sex Referendum Weather News Follow It Live Year In Review Bermuda Stock Exchange Bermuda Works Economy International Business Local Business Personal Finance Re-Insurance Technology Basketball Cricket Football Golf Olympic Games Running/Triathlon Sailing Swimming Tennis/Squash Track & Field Follow It Live Arts & Entertainment CableVision TV Listings Wow TV Listings Fashion Food & Wine Gentlemen's Corner Home & Away Parenting Religion Wellness Young Observer Editorials Letters to the Editor Opinion Writers Political Cartoons Artemis Racing Emirates Team New Zealand Endeavour General Information Land Rover BAR Oracle Team USA Red Bull Youth Team SoftBank Team Japan Groupama Team France Vanguard is actually good at what it does Barry Ritholtz, Bloomberg View Published Jun 3, 2017 at 8:00 am (Updated Jun 2, 2017 at 7:38 pm) Make text smaller Make text larger Vanguard Group founder Jack Bogle Related Stories Investing in water  salt and fresh An emergency fund is vital, so dont skip it Embracing adult life after graduation Money tips that all students should bear in mind Cautionary tale of Puerto Rico bonds Unless we are constantly vigilant, too many things in print pass without comment and are accepted as true. And so it is with a weary heart that I am compelled to offer a counterpoint to a recent argument that takes issue with Vanguard Groups business model. Before we get into the details, a few disclosures: I am a fan of low-cost investing. The Vanguard Effect has been called by my Bloomberg Intelligence colleague Eric Balchunas, a private-sector wealth-transfer machine that has saved average investors $1 trillion. I personally own a variety of Vanguard funds, as do my clients. I like Vanguard a lot. The company, with about $4 trillion under management, certainly doesnt really need me to defend it; its success speaks volumes. However, the article, Vanguards irritating perch on the high moral ground, does raise issues that deserve a response, starting with: if being a non-profit is so good in the asset management industry, then why dont we see it elsewhere? Lets note that Vanguard isnt a non-profit  it is mutually owned by its investors. In a mutual, instead of dividends that come out of profits, money is returned to investors in the form of reduced costs for services. It is an extremely tax-efficient arrangement. You see the mutual structure in lots of places  primarily insurers, which have used it for centuries, but also in savings and loan associations, in banking trusts, community banks as well as credit unions. Lets consider another statement: the US is allegedly a capitalist country, so, you see, this is what grinds peoples gears about the whole movement in low-cost, passive-style index funds and why people go around equating them to communism. Clients may be better served if the financial services industry adopts a non-profit business model. This is perplexing. Vanguard has offered price-based incentives that financial-services consumers have responded to. What could be more capitalistic than that? The technology and consumer industries have seen continuous price pressure. As those sectors and products have matured, and as economies of scale have come into play, prices have fallen. Flat-panel televisions, smartphones, computers, automobiles, washing machines all deliver far more capability today at lower costs than just a few years ago. Why shouldnt financial services be subject to the exact same market pressures? What could be more capitalistic than products competing in the marketplace for customers on quality and price? Quasi-capitalists seem to dislike competition; to me, complaining about price competition sounds more like communism. Other assertions are simply based on a lack of information: Id bet that the salaries of key employees (like the manager of the $250 billion flagship Vanguard 500 Index Fund) are actually quite high, relatively speaking. You would lose that wager. Vanguard is notoriously cheap  its executives fly coach. Employees are typically paid less than at other financial firms, on or off Wall Street. True, its executives are paid well by most measures of compensation in America, but they are paid much less than their peers at other similar financial-services firms that often grant stock options that can be worth hundreds of millions of dollars in a few years. Incentivising executives to focus on short-term stock price is not how Vanguard rolls. According to Bloomberg News, a key aspect of Vanguards executive pay is a deferred compensation programme. Set up by founder John Bogle in 1983 to keep management focused on the long-term, it is hard to argue it hasnt worked. Then, the article makes light of just what Vanguard has managed to accomplish: there isnt anything really unusual about Vanguard. If youve ever taken a business strategy course, its just a low-cost producer, no different than Wal-Mart in retail or Hyundai in autos or Old Navy in apparel. This may be the most profound error of all. To minimise the revolution that Wal-Mart Stores has wrought in retailing is just breathtaking. Who would argue that millions of American consumers would be better off paying high prices for a limited selection of goods at the mom-and-pop shops that dominated so much of the industry before Wal-Mart? And if it were so easy to do, where is the competition that out-Vanguards Vanguard and takes a big chunk of its market share? After all, its just a low-cost provider, right? The same could be said of Wal-Mart. And yet, none of that has happened. If you are wondering why, it is because there are a lot more moving parts to Vanguard  and Wal-Mart  than meets the eye of the casual observer. Providing the lowest cost is more than structure; it is also about execution, logistics and corporate culture. To make the above statement requires one to ignore the intensity of the competition, and just how smart and hard-working the people there are. If anyone could just drop prices and capture market share, it should have happened already. And last is this odd statement: whats irritating about Vanguard is not its corporate strategy, but its occupation of the moral high ground. Vanguard is successful because it offers, or is perceived to offer, a better product at a lower price. Lets respond by turning this one around. What is the moral quotient of companies that sell complex, overpriced financial products that mostly underperform their benchmarks? Not all financial companies do this, but enough of them do that Vanguard doesnt have to make much of an effort to claim the moral high ground. Its customers have mostly put it there of their own free will. As for Vanguards competitors, they have no one to blame but themselves. Failing to see that is a fundamental misunderstanding of what makes Vanguard so successful. Barry Ritholtz is a Bloomberg View columnist. He founded Ritholtz Wealth Management and was chief executive and director of equity research at FusionIQ, a quantitative research firm. He blogs at the Big Picture and is the author of Bailout Nation: How Greed and Easy Money Corrupted Wall Street and Shook the World Economy Make text smaller Make text larger Comments You must be registered or signed-in to post comment or to vote. Published Jun 3, 2017 at 8:00 am (Updated Jun 2, 2017 at 7:38 pm) Vanguard is actually good at what it does What you Need to Know 1. For a smooth experience with our commenting system we recommend that you use Internet Explorer 10 or higher, Firefox or Chrome Browsers. Additionally please clear both your browser's cache and cookies - How do I clear my cache and cookies? 2. Please respect the use of this community forum and its users. 3. Any poster that insults, threatens or verbally abuses another member, uses defamatory language, or deliberately disrupts discussions will be banned. 4. Users who violate the Terms of Service or any commenting rules will be banned. 5. Please stay on topic. "Trolling" to incite emotional responses and disrupt conversations will be deleted. 6. To understand further what is and isn't allowed and the actions we may take, please read our Terms of Service 7. To report breaches of the Terms of Service use the flag icon Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Click here for detailed forecast 72 F Mostly Cloudy Most Popular Today Yesterday Most Commented 06/04/2017 Boat collision update: arrested man released 06/04/2017 At least two hurt in East End fight 06/04/2017 Challenger Play-off semi-finals take centre stage 06/04/2017 Motocross rider treated after accident The week's most discussed stories Your browser must support JavaScript to view this content. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings then try again. Events calendar powered by Trumba Take Our Poll Do you find it inappropriate and/or offensive for members of the LGBTQ community to be referred to as "freaks"? Yes 82% No 13% Indifferent 5% Total Votes: 5296 Poll Archive Today's Obituaries View all Obituaries Place an obituary AC35 News Business Sports Lifestyle Comment Features Classifieds Jobs Obituaries Weather Calendar Newsrack Newspaper Services: About Us Contact Us Subscribe Electronic Edition Advertise Online Services: Registration RSS Feeds Email Alerts Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Contact Us Advertise Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy © Copyright 2016 royalgazette.com. All rights reserved.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, June 04, 2017, 11:27 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / News / Arkansas / Wal-Mart pilot programs tracks food By Robbie Neiswanger This article was originally published June 3, 2017 at 1:01 a.m. Updated June 3, 2017 at 1:01 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Frank Yiannas, Wal-Mart's vice president of food safety, said the company has recently wrapped up its pilot program using blockchain technology to track the way food moves through the supply chain. A blockchain is a digital, distributed ledger used to record transactions securely. Wal-Mart partnered with IBM to develop ledgers to track mangos in the U.S. and pork in China as part of the pilot program. With the blockchain ledgers, the time to track a product's trip through each step of the supply chain was trimmed from days to seconds, according to a demonstration Thursday. Wal-Mart believes the ledger could be beneficial in a number of ways, helping to improve efficiency and reduce the risk of fraud in the food supply chain. "We're pretty excited about it and so is the leadership of Wal-Mart," Yiannas said. "We're contacting other stakeholders and other retailers ... to ask them to join us on this food traceability, solution journey. Our intentions are to scale it." MORE FOR WORKERS Wal-Mart shone the spotlight on its employees during shareholders week, saying the company's success wouldn't be possible without its 2.3 million workers worldwide. But some U.S. employees, with the backing of labor groups, believe the company should be doing more to support them. Making Change at Walmart, a campaign funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union, spent the week in Northwest Arkansas urging the retailer to improve its treatment of workers. Representatives have participated in a bus tour that has traveled the country since May 15 and arrived in Northwest Arkansas this week. The group has highlighted Anthony Leal, a full-time employee, as part of its campaign. Leal has been with the company five years and earns $11.53 an hour, according to a news release. "Wal-Mart claims the 'average wage' for full time hourly employees is $13.75, yet the real stories of workers around the country show that many of them, like Anthony, are paid so little that they rely on government assistance programs to survive," according to a press release from the campaign. MUSIC IN ADVERTISING Wal-Mart believes incorporating music into its advertising campaign has been successful with consumers. "We've made a conscious decision to really invest in the brand, build for the long term and try to use our advertising to build deep emotional relationship with the customer," U.S. chief marketing officer Tony Rogers said. "If I show you an ad, it fills up the screen. But when you hear it, music fills the whole room." Some of the songs Wal-Mart has incorporated into recent advertisements that have appeared on both television and across digital platforms include Dream On by Aerosmith, My House by Flo Rida, and All I Do Is Win by DJ Khaled. Rogers said the response by customers to the campaign has been positive over the past year so the efforts will continue. "We'll build this over the coming months and years," Rogers said. "We're excited for the first time in a long time we've got a type, style, approach, that is unique to us." BRIGHT SHOES Wal-Mart anticipates selling $25 million worth of flashlight sneakers -- shoes which have LED lights wrapped around the soles -- this year, according to chief marketing officer Steve Bratspies. Bratspies showed off the shoes during the meeting with U.S employees Wednesday. The company also showcased them during a media preview of products Thursday. "It's a huge trend we're betting on this year," Bratspies said. NW News on 06/03/2017 Print Headline: Wal-Mart pilot programs tracks food Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More NWAnews Public meetings Divorces Records Origin of fire at burger joint still unclear Wal-Mart pilot programs tracks food Band leader gets 5 years for sex assault of s... Rogers' Lake Atalanta Park trails, playground... Portion of Mount Hebron Road to close Records More NWAnews stories > Comments on: Wal-Mart pilot programs tracks food To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 'Executive privilege' to quiet Comey called an option (29 comments) Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (32 comments) 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack (6 comments) Pulled from reality (4 comments) 2 leaders affirm climate pledges (2 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (35 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, June 04, 2017, 11:27 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Shareholders hear strategy of 'new Wal-Mart' CEO McMillon outlines retail chain’s ‘people-led, tech-empowered’ action plan By Robbie Neiswanger This article was originally published June 3, 2017 at 3:27 a.m. Updated June 3, 2017 at 4:30 a.m. PHOTO BY JASON IVESTER Wal-Mart President and Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon told shareholders Friday that the company’s network of stores, distribution centers and e-commerce sites will be a winning strategy against the likes of Amazon.com. Comment (1) aAFont Size Country music star and television personality Blake Shelton served as host at Wal-Mart’s shareholders event Friday. Other performers included Shelton’... Musical artist Gwen Stefani performs Friday during the Wal-Mart Shareholders Meeting at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville. Click here for larger versions Photos by Jason Ivester FAYETTEVILLE -- Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is reinventing itself to keep pace with the changes in retail, and President and Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon believes that the company's technological capabilities, network of stores and efforts to better train and compensate its workforce have it uniquely positioned for success. McMillon laid out what he described as the "new Wal-Mart" during the retailer's annual shareholders event, held at Bud Walton Arena on the University of Arkansas, Fayetteville campus Friday morning. He told the crowd of about 14,000 -- including employees from around the world, members of the Walton family, board members and shareholders -- that Wal-Mart's hefty investments in e-commerce and technology have been vital to its reinvention. McMillon stressed technology isn't the answer to everything, indicating the company's success also will rely on its workers as Wal-Mart continues to battle other retailers for customers and sales. "We will compete with technology but win with people," McMillon said. "We will be people-led and tech-empowered. We will win because we are purpose-driven, with clear and meaningful values and an effective and resilient culture. It will be our humanity that drives our creativity, powers our competitive spirit and keeps us out in front." [VIDEO: Click here to watch full shareholders meeting in larger version] McMillon's address was one of the final segments of the three-hour meeting, which blends business and entertainment each year. The event was no exception with country music star and television personality Blake Shelton serving as celebrity host. Gwen Stefani, Shelton's girlfriend, performed along with The Band Perry, Ne-Yo, Rachel Platten and Mary J. Blige. Wal-Mart's primary emphasis during its pep rally was recounting the steps it has taken to prepare for what board Chairman Greg Penner described as the "tectonic changes in retail." Penner opened the morning by pointing to headlines referring to the current climate as the "retail apocalypse" with other traditional brick-and-mortar companies closing stores, laying off employees and struggling to drive traffic and sales because of the rise of online competitors like Amazon.com. Penner said Wal-Mart has positioned itself for success because of a number of decisions, including its $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com, e-commerce expansion and an emphasis on technology designed to both help workers do their jobs better and improve the shopping options for customers. The results have shown in the company's recent financial performances. Wal-Mart reported a 1.4 percent increase in U.S. same-store sales for the first quarter of the fiscal year, the 11th-straight quarter of growth. Traffic also increased for the 10th-straight quarter. At the same time, Wal-Mart reported a 63 percent growth in its U.S. e-commerce sales. "Our business is moving in the right direction," Penner said. "The changes we made -- big and small -- are starting to pay off. But there's still a long way to go. This is no time to be timid. We have to continue swimming upstream." Wal-Mart remains confident that the ability to blend its network of stores, distribution centers and e-commerce sites will be a winning strategy against the likes of Amazon.com. McMillon and other executives highlighted some of the initiatives that have been adopted, introduced and tested by the retailer to accomplish it, including Thursday's announcement of a pilot program in which employees can earn extra money by volunteering to deliver packages to customers on their way home from work. The delivery test is being conducted in three stores -- including an unspecified location in Northwest Arkansas -- and is voluntary for workers. McMillon said Wal-Mart will move slowly with the test, but executives are optimistic it will help speed the delivery time for items in those areas and help cut typically expensive final-mile costs. "Just imagine associates all over the world delivering on the way home from work," said Marc Lore, the Wal-Mart U.S. e-commerce chief. "This could be a real game-changer." Wal-Mart also revealed it has recently started testing a 24-hour automated grocery pickup facility in Warr Acres, Okla. The self-service test will let customers place orders online, drive to the facility and pick them up at an unmanned, drive-up kiosk. Orders are collected in 60 seconds or less. Wal-Mart also continues to roll out its curbside grocery pickup service with plans to expand it to 1,100 stores by the end of the year. The company offers free two-day shipping on online orders totaling $35 or more and is giving customer an opportunity to earn discounts on online products if they choose to pick them up at one of the retailer's 4,700 stores. "The historic trade-off between price and service doesn't really exist anymore," McMillon said. "We're creating a better shopping experience for customers and a better working experience for ourselves as we strive to serve them." Some still believe Wal-Mart still has a lot of ground to make up to close the gap with Amazon. "Wal-Mart is experimenting and trying to leverage its physical resources," said Annibal Sodero, an associate professor at the Sam M. Walton College of Business at the University of Arkansas. "But the only way for them to remain relevant will be to deploy a true omnichannel strategy across its entire supply chain to become more efficient and effective. They know that. They got that. They are just not there yet and they are losing the battle in both fronts." Throughout shareholders week, Wal-Mart executives took time to reassure workers they remain an integral part of the company's equation, and McMillon continued to do so Friday. The company is coming off a two-year, $2.7 billion commitment for wages and training for its employees and believes those efforts have made a difference in creating more efficient stores. In addition, executives continued to highlight a number of technological improvements that have been designed to empower workers as they serve customers. McMillon encouraged employees to be "lifelong learners" as the company continues to lean on its workforce. He also highlighted a handful of workers who have excelled at their jobs, including a store manager in Canada who was informed by the company's CEO that he had received the promotion he had been seeking. But McMillon said later Friday during a question-and-answer session with the media that it's possible the company has reached its peak with about 1.5 million U.S. workers. McMillon said there may be fewer employees over time -- many through attrition in stores -- as the company learns how to be more productive with the help of technology. Those jobs could become better-paying positions, though, that involve technology in a variety of ways. "The shape, the composition of our team may change," McMillon said. "I think that's to be determined." Still, McMillon sees Wal-Mart as a "ladder of opportunity" for employees and said they'll remain critical to the company as it begins to "invent the future of shopping again." "This is our moment," McMillon told employees during the shareholders meeting. "Our plan to win is clear and it'll be you who will make the difference. But it's always been that way. Our people make the difference." A Section on 06/03/2017 Print Headline: Shareholders hear strategy of 'new Wal-Mart' Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Business news in brief On the agenda NW BUSINESS PEOPLE INCORPORATIONS Shareholders hear strategy of 'new Wal-Mart' Job gains slack off for May N.Y. says Exxon climate costs faked New bill adds tax on sales to Cuba Proposals fail at Wal-Mart event More Business stories > Comment on: Shareholders hear strategy of 'new Wal-Mart' To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. Displaying 1 - 1 of 1 total comment Kharma says... June 4, 2017 at 7:43 a.m. So WMT employees delivering packages on their way home is good how? Wait until they start getting into wrecks before delivery and, since they would be on official WMT business, subject WMT to myriad of lawsuits. Stupid! ( permalink | suggest removal ) page 1 To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 'Executive privilege' to quiet Comey called an option (29 comments) Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (32 comments) 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack (6 comments) Pulled from reality (4 comments) 2 leaders affirm climate pledges (2 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (35 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Take Dollar General Offers Great Bang for the Buck The retailer’s strong quarterly results are propelling shares higher. Why investors are still getting a good deal. By Teresa Rivas Biography June 1, 2017 4:38 p.m. ET Dollar General’s products can be bought on the cheap, so too can the discount retailer’s stock. Thursday morning, Dollar General (ticker: DG) reported better-than-expected first-quarter earnings: The discount retailer said it earned $1.03 a share on revenue that rose 6.5% year over year to $5.61 billion. Analysts were looking for earnings of one dollar (no kidding) a share on revenue of $5.59 billion. Dollar General now... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. The Surprising Threat to the American Economy Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 6 Dividend Stocks That Hedge Against Inflation Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. The Winners: Alphabet, Apple, and Amazon.com Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. AI Opens New Doors for Chip Makers, Investors Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 ​Where Do Americans Spend Their Tax Refunds?​ 2 Barron's Buzz: The 'Wonder Woman' Trade 3 Should You Buy Bitcoin? Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Sponsored by Skip to content Contact Sponsorships Donate Write for us 9:27pm — June 04, 2017 a smarter Tucson is a better Tucson Login | Register Front Page Breaking Local Nation/World Border Sports Opinion Arts Entertainment All Headlines Contact About Ethics Donate now Underwriting/Sponsorships Sign up for newsletters! Breaking News Arizona Border Crime Downtown Politics & Gov't All Local Arizona Border Biz Crime Downtown Education Enviro Media Politics & Gov't Tech All Nation/World Border Mexico/Latin America Politics & Gov't Media Tech Enviro Health Business War Weird All Headlines Arizona Politics & Gov't Mexico/Latin America All Sports Baseball Basketball Football Softball Soccer High School College Pro Analysis Comics Guest Opinion All Arts & Culture Music Dance Theatre & Stage Classical Visual Arts Books History All Entertainment All Music Rock/Indie Jazz Classical Movies Food Celebs/Pop Culture Events/To Do Search Submit your event BP agent's lawyer asks judge to dismiss murder indictment Reporter profile More by Paul Ingram Tweet Latest Most Commented Old West history helps corral Az tourists — and not just in Tombstone Despite $1.2 billion in purchases, tribal land buy-back ‘treading water’ Phoenix freeways getting a better sensor of traffic congestion ahead Live weather radar Tucson, other Az cities buck Trump, pledge to stick to Paris climate goals Actors in Bus-A-Geddon have every incentive to let Sun Tran strike happen, again5 Buy local: Don't short Tucson business over sales-tax increase4 In defense of Paula Aboud and maybe even 'cheating'4 Arizona cyber experts warn that WannaCry outbreak just tip of iceberg1 After 890 consecutive Thursdays, El Tiradito vigil for immigrants may end 1 Thanks to Posted Jun 2, 2017, 3:12 pm Paul Ingram TucsonSentinel.com In the third legal filing this week, the attorney for Lonnie Swartz, the Border Patrol agent accused of unlawfully shooting and killing a Mexican teenager during an October 2012 incident, has added another wrinkle to the proceedings. Thursday, Swartz's lawyer Sean Chapman asked that the court dismiss the case because the grand jury that issued the indictment—which said that Swartz "with malice aforethought" fired through the border fence and killed 16-year-old Jose Antonio Elena Rodriguez— did so after hearing testimony from a supervisory agent who repeated statements made by Swartz just minutes after the shooting.  Swartz was indicted for second-degree murder by the grand jury in September 2015.  The statements were quashed by U.S. District Judge Raner Collins on March 24.  Collins wrote that Swartz was repeatedly led to believe that the answers he gave during an interview with Border Patrol officials would not be used to incriminate him in a criminal proceeding and his statements were "compelled, coerced and involuntary."  Swartz believed his answers were mandatory and that he would be disciplined, and even removed from the agency, if he did not answer the supervisor's questions, Collins said. This violated Swartz's 5th Amendment guarantee that "a defendant’s compelled statements will not be used against him in a subsequent criminal proceeding," he wrote.  As part of the agency's Use of Force policy, Border Patrol Supervisor Leo Cruz-Mendez interviewed Swartz just a few minutes after the shooting, and asked him "8 questions" about his actions. These answers were then submitted in an oral report to supervisors.  Border Patrol Supervisor Leo Cruz-Mendez testified to a grand jury that he interviewed Swartz after the shooting telling the agent to relax and "take it easy."  Like what you're reading? Support high-quality local journalism and help underwrite independent news without the spin. "Everyone's doing OK. I'm going to ask you a couple questions," Cruz-Mendez said, telling Swartz that per policy he had to ask eight questions, but the "questions are not incriminatory. They’re just basic information that I need so I can pass on to my supervisors," he said.  "By threatening to punish Swartz’s silence (and not removing that threat) and by otherwise compelling his responses to the 8 questions, the government donned the hat of employer," Collins wrote. "Its own Use of Force Handbook policy, the Constitution, and this Court hold the government to that choice," he said.  Cruz-Mendez said that he told Swartz everything was OK after the shooting, but the agent began to vomit. "I shot and there's someone dead in Mexico," Swartz said, and produced an empty ammunition magazine from his pocket, according to court records. "They were throwing rocks ... They hit the dog ... I shot and there's someone dead in Mexico," Swartz said.  Chapman argued that because the grand jury heard Swartz's compelled statements during Cruz-Mendez's testimony, his constitutional rights were violated.  "The use of Swartz’s compelled statements to obtain his indictment is prohibited by law and requires the dismissal of the indictment," Chapman said.  "Here, the 5th Amendment was violated because the Government actually used Agent Swartz’s compelled statements to obtain an indictment against him," Chapman wrote.  This is one of nearly two dozen challenges submitted by Chapman since the original indictment was submitted by a grand jury in September 2015.  The trial has been delayed six times, most recently in May when Collins changed the trial date from June 19 to October 12, just two days after the fifth anniversary of the slaying.  Chapman has claimed that the government did not have the jurisdiction to try Swartz, has attacked video evidence of the shooting by arguing that U.S. Customs and Border Protection "lost" original video of the incident after handing over compressed imagery to the FBI, and argued that a witness should be able to submit testimony in a videotaped deposition rather than appear to testify in open court. Sponsorships available Support TucsonSentinel.com & let thousands of daily readers know your business cares about creating a HEALTHIER, MORE INFORMED Tucson Federal prosecutors have pushed back against some of these challenges, successfully arguing that Chapman's unique reading of the "Roosevelt Reservation" did not keep federal prosecutors from charging Swartz with second-degree murder, and pushing against the potential testimony of a witness, arguing that the person's statements that Rodriquez was in the United States just minutes before the shooting was "irrelevant."  However, federal prosecutors have not yet responded to this new challenge, nor an argument submitted by Chapman on Wednesday that the court should block the testimony of a Use of Force expert, arguing that the court should "preclude the Government’s 'use of force' expert from giving his opinion on the ultimate legal issues in this case."  The government should also be kept from "eliciting 'use of force testimony from law enforcement agents who are not qualified as experts," Chapman said.  The expert, Alan Foraker said that Swartz's discharge of his firearm was "contrary to the Border Patrol’s training and policies regarding use of deadly force."  Foraker gave eight reasons for his opinion, Chapman said, arguing that while "agents are taught to eliminate the treat when using deadly force," Swartz's use of deadly force was "neither reasonable nor necessary" and the agent was "not legally justified in using deadly force." A hearing will be held on June 19 on the outstanding issues.  TucsonSentinel.com's original reporting and curation of border and immigration news is generously supported in part by a grant from the Ethics and Excellence in Journalism Foundation. - 30 - have your say    Comment on this story There are no comments yet. Why don't you get the discussion going? Join the conversation... You must be logged in or register to comment Click image to enlarge Paul Ingram/TucsonSentinel.com The spot where 16-year-old Jose Antonio Elena Rodriguez died in Nogales, Sonora seen through the U.S.-Mexico border. Categories news, politics & government, border, crime & safety, local, arizona, nation/world, mexico/latin america, breaking Read more about border patrol, cbp, jose antonio elena rodriguez, lonnie swartz, nogales, raner collins, sean chapman, wallace kleindienst Related stories BP agent's lawyer pushes to bar expert witness in cross-border murder trial Prosecutor says witness statements 'irrelevant' in BP murder trial BP agent's lawyer argues shooting death of Mexican teen justified by alleged smuggling activity Border agent's murder trial delayed yet again, will begin in October More by Paul Ingram BP agent's lawyer pushes to bar expert witness in cross-border murder trial Prosecutor says witness statements 'irrelevant' in BP murder trial After 890 consecutive Thursdays, El Tiradito vigil for immigrants may end 1 BioDiv tells UN that U.S. has 'obligation' to protect species threatened by border wall Mexican state official and wife arrested by feds in Tucson Sponsored by Yes! I want to help TucsonSentinel.com offer a real news alternative! We're committed to making quality news accessible; we'll never set up a paywall or charge for our site. But we rely on your support to bring you independent news without the spin. Use our convenient PayPal/credit card donation form below or contact us at donate@tucsonsentinel.com today. Donate securely with PayPal $5,000 Newshound $2,500 Copy desk chief $1,000 Trusted source $500 Correspondent $250 Stringer $100 Cub reporter $50 Printer's Devil $25 Informed Source $10 Dear Reader Enter your own amount (below) OR: Subscribe and stretch your donation over time $5/mo. Printer's Devil $10/mo. Cub Reporter $20/mo. Stringer $40/mo. Correspondent Enter your own monthly amount (number only) TucsonSentinel.com is an Arizona nonprofit organization fiscally sponsored by FCIR.org, a 501c3 charity. Your contribution is tax-deductible. Tucson weather Weather data not available Sponsored by Sign up for TucsonSentinel.com email newsletters! Email Address * First Name Last Name Sponsored by A little bird told us... Tweets from @TucsonSentinel/website-embed Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy Become a Sponsor Donate Write for us Front Page Breaking Local Nation/World Border Sports Opinion Arts Music © 2009-2017 TucsonSentinel.com Hosting by Design by Context Designworks X close»
Print   Email   Font Resize Community News Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- June 3 - June 6 Posted:   06/02/2017 10:31:24 PM MDT Today, June 3 Recycling Collection — 8 to 11 a.m., southeast corner of Walmart parking lot. Collection includes: Plastic #1, plastic #2 natural (milk cartons), plastic #2 colored (detergent bottles, shampoo, etc.) and both aluminum and tin cans. No glass. Fishing is Fun Day — 9 a.m. to noon, Overland Trail Recreation Area Fishing Pond. Colorado Parks and Wildlife demonstrations, city of Sterling Parks, Library and Recreation, Santas of Sterling, Boy Scouts teaching that fishing is fun! Fishing contests, games and prizes. Lunch is free for children 18 and under, adult meals for $3. Family Fun Saturday — 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., Overland Trail Museum. Theme: 'Traveling the Trail.' See what planning went into the long journey on the trail. Free for ages 12 and under accompanied by an adult, $3 admission for adults. Information: 970-522-3895. Fleming Volleyball Golf Tournament — 9 a.m. shot gun start, F&H Golf Course, 43355 C.R. 30, Haxtun. Two Person Best Ball Scramble. Cost $50 per person to include: Green fees, lunch, and a chance to win various prizes. (Cart rental available). Registration deadline is noon, May 31. For more information, to be a sponsor, or to register: Doug Kamery 970-466-2119 or Connie Wilkening 970-520-7890. Advertisement Light of the Plains Christian Motorcycle Association — 9 a.m., Logan County Chamber of Commerce, 109 N. Front St. Narcotics Anonymous — 1:30 p.m., First Christian Church. Information: 970-520-1474. Heritage Center Dance Group — 6:30 to 10 p.m. FM Country. Cost is $7. Everyone is welcome. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 9 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Sunday, June 4 Zion Congregational Church Soup Kitchen — 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m., 5th Street and Chestnut. Come to the back door and down the stairs. Free. Meals served to anyone who is hungry and in need of a hot meal. Monday, June 5 SilverSneakers Yoga — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Cards and Pool, Pinochle — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. Build a Better Monday...Environment — 2 p.m., Sterling Public Library. Circle of Parents in Recovery Group — 5 to 6 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Free childcare is provided. No enrollment requirement, join at any time. Informa-tion: cleanslatemngr@frcsterling.org, 970-520-2939 or www.facebook.com/logancleanslate. RE-1 Valley School Board Candidate Workshop — 6 p.m., Hagen Administration Center. Individuals interested in running for election to the school board are encouraged to come. Clean Slate Recovery Group — 6:30 to 7:30 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Open to anyone struggling with addiction. Information: Christie Orozco 970-526-6500, 970-520-2939 or csrecovery1028@gmail.com, Facebook or Twitter. TOPS: Take Off Pounds Sensibly — 7 p.m., VFW Hall, 803 Phelps St., 522-8396. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 7:30 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Tuesday, June 6 Quarterly Blood Screening — 7 to 9 am., Christ United Methodist Church, 4th and Main St. The following blood work is offered: lipid profile with glucose $25; homocysteine $30; high sensitivity c-reactive protein $15; hemoglobin A1c $15; prostate specific antigen (PSA) $25; Vitamin D $45; or chemistry panel $35. A 12-hour fast is required for the lipid and chemistry panels. Drink plenty of water during the fast to keep your body hydrated which aids in drawing your blood. No appointment necessary. Question, call 521-3260. Logan County Commission Meeting — 9 a.m., Courthouse, 2nd floor meeting room. Baby Story Time — 9:30 to 10 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages newborn to 18 months, with an adult. SilverSneakers Classic — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Little Readers — 10:30 to 11:15 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages 3 to 5. Quilting Class — 1:30 p.m., Heritage Center. Art Challenge (Art in Our Environment) — 2 p.m., Sterling Public Library. For ages 10-15. Space is limited; registration required, call 970-522-2023 to sign up. Bring an old t-shirt to recycle into a tote bag. VFW Auxiliary — 2:30 p.m., Sterling VFW, 803 Phelps. Weight Watchers — 5:15 p.m., Broadway Plaza, Suite 14. Connie, 522-0231.¶ Under the Umbrella of LCC Meal — 5:30 to 6:30 p.m., Prince of Peace Church, 201 Phelps St. Anyone in need of a meal is welcome. Smart Girls and Guys Youth Club — 5:30 p.m., Family Resource Center. Alzheimer's Caregivers Meeting — 6 p.m., Sterling Public Library small meeting room. Questions: Marianne Harbart 970-388-3056. Twilight Tuesday Movies in the Park — 6:30 p.m., Wisdom Park. Wells Fargo Bank will be serving hamburgers and hot dogs. Movie starts at dusk. Knights of Columbus Bingo — 7 p.m., K of C Hall, 421 S. 11th Ave. Public welcome. Sterling Miniature Aircraft Association — 7 p.m., Sterling Aircraft Flying Field, corner of C.R. 38 and 39. Information: Philip Pollock 970-580-8803. Sterling Masonic Lodge Meeting — 7:30 p.m. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED Well-armed Woman meeting notes The Sterling Colorado Chapter of The Well Armed Woman held its monthly meeting on May 20 at Tri-State Tactical in Sterling.   Full Story   MORE RELATED HEADLINES Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- June 5 - June 7 Scholl Oil invests in future diesel techs   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Fight for JK House: Gloves are off as Singhanias brace for AGM bout Business Standard Wal-Mart, IBM oppose US exit from Paris deal, but will stay on WH panel Business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles Reuters  |  Washington  June 3, 2017 Last Updated at 09:12 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWPo0I A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest US retailer, said on Friday that the comapny will remain on the business council. (Photo: Reuters) ALSO READ How bad could Trump's Paris deal pull out be? A scientist's perspective 15th-century Chinese sailors have a lesson for Trump about climate policy Will the Paris Agreement still be able to deliver after the US withdrawal? Trump's move to withdraw from Paris accord cedes global leadership to China Time for China and Europe to lead, as Trump dumps the Paris climate deal Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Read More On Us Companies | Donald Trump | Trump Paris Deal | Climate Change | Trump Climate Change | Jp Morgan | Ibm | Walmart | Donald Trump Paris Agreement | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Wal-Mart, IBM oppose US exit from Paris deal, but will stay on WH panel Business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Wal-Mart, IBM oppose US exit from Paris deal, but will stay on WH panel Business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
WFTV Orlando LIVE http://www.wftv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WFTV Orlando SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wftv profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12384721 Home 12384770 News County by County National/World News 9 Investigates Action 9 CFL Spotlight Politics Watch Live Pulse Shooting Videos: 9 Facts 12384727 Weather 5 Day Forecast LIVE: Doppler 9 HD Local Maps Hour-by-Hour Eye on the Tropics Facts and Hacks Lifestyle Forecasts Weather Pics & Video 12384812 Traffic Traffic News I-4 Ultimate Project Pump Patrol 12384830 Sports High School Football Orlando Magic Orlando City Soccer College & Pro Sports 12384884 Videos 12384962 9 Family TV 27 Community Connection Science Center Weather Experience Cox Conserves Aging Parents 12385010 Home Experts Toyota of Orlando Toyota of Clermont Shop CFL Legal Headlines The Daily Two Automotive Buy/Sell 12384974 icFlorida Local Events Entertainment Movies Pets Theme Parks/Attractions Contests 12385052 ABOUT WFTV WFTV News Team WFTV Mobile Apps WFTV Listings TV 27 TV Listings WFTV.com Media Kit WFTV.com Member Help Jobs at WFTV/WRDQ Speakers Bureau Got a story or tip? More Deputies: Band of robbers storms Orange County Walmart, fires shots by: WFTV Web Staff Updated: Jun 2, 2017 - 11:39 PM ORANGE COUNTY, Fla. - A group of armed robbers stormed into a Walmart Neighborhood Market and fired shots early Friday in the Pine Hills neighborhood, the Orange County Sheriff's Office said. The incident was reported shortly after 12:15 a.m. at the store on Clarcona Ocoee Road and North Pine Hills Road. Deputies said the masked men barged into the store as employees were preparing to close for the night. A shot was fired at one point, but no one was injured, officials said. Read: Orange County sheriff says Pine Hills is safer following crime crackdown © 2017 Cox Media Group. © 2017 Cox Media Group. The men used a gun to force employees into a safe while a third suspect stood outside. Investigators said the group got away with money and fled in a dark-colored car. “They left with a large amount of money. There was a vehicle waiting for them outside and then they left the scene,” said Ingrid Tejada-Monforte of the Orange County Sheriff’s Office. Deputies found the getaway vehicle, but not the three men. Detectives said they're reviewing footage recorded by store surveillance cameras. They released some of the footage Friday afternoon with the hope that someone might recognize the gunmen. The masks make it difficult, but some parts of their faces and clothing can be seen in the video. “By us releasing the Crimeline with their photos, hopefully someone will be able to identify (the men),” said Tejada-Monforte. “Maybe they’re known in the area. Maybe someone can recognize their height, their features or what they were wearing.” Community leaders and residents plan to gather Friday for the second day of an anti-crime event during which they plan to brainstorm ways to prevent violence in the crime-plagued neighborhood. Watch: Summit seeks to thwart crime in Orange County's black communities © 2017 Cox Media Group. © 2017 Cox Media Group. "My mother won't even let me go outside (because of) all the drama that's going on," said Juvenal Andre, a youth group member who attended Thursday's start of the anti-crime event. "People are being killed and everything." Andre said things must change in communities like Pine Hills and Parramore. "I wouldn't like to see my little brother on the ground dead or anything," he said. Watch: 9 facts about Pine Hills A suspected diaper thief was shot and killed at the same Walmart earlier this year. A $1,000 reward  is available for information leading to an arrest in the Walmart robbery.   © 2017 Cox Media Group. © 2017 Cox Media Group. Deputies: Band of robbers storms Orange County Walmart, fires shots Sheriff: Volusia deputies investigating after shots fired at deputy in… London Bridge terror attacks: What we know Man accused of burning marijuana plants says he was piling them up for deputies Deputies: Man arrested after fleeing traffic stop, dragging deputy News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WFTV Weather Weather LIVE: Doppler 9 HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WFTV EEOC Statement WFTV Public File WRDQ Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Home News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military USO Warrior Week National Strange News Opioid Addiction International Politics On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Obituaries Livestreaming Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Work for Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com 72° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 89° F Lo: 65° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog 2 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military USO Warrior Week National Strange News Opioid Addiction International Politics On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Obituaries Livestreaming Latest Headlines Virginia Beach 7-Eleven on Diamond Spring Rd. robbed at gunpoint Updated: 26 mins ago Police are investigating an armed robbery of a 7-Eleven in 1900 block of Diamond Springs Road, Sunday evening. Community remembers Hampton man killed in triple shooting Updated: 44 mins ago Family and friends of a man shot and killed in a triple shooting in Hampton remembered his life on Sunday. Michael Vick brings elite youth showcase back home to Hampton Roads Updated: 36 mins ago Canadian man mows lawn with tornado behind him June 4, 2017 Virginia ranks 15th in US in reported cases of human trafficking June 4, 2017 Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Current Conditions 72° F Scattered Clouds Feels Like: 72° F Wind: SSW 13 Humidity: 84% Dewpoint: 67° F Sunrise: 5:46 AM Sunset: 8:20 PM Hampton Roads Weather Forecast Radar Sponsored by: Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides Latest Headlines Curry, Durant lead Warriors to 2-0 lead with 132-113 rout Updated: 31 mins ago Steph Curry registered a triple-double, while Kevin Durant put up another monster night, leading the Warriors past the Cavaliers as the seri… Johnson extends track record with 11th win at Dover Updated: 36 mins ago Kyle Larson led Jimmie Johnson by three seconds with four laps left, until the final caution flag flew. Michael Vick brings elite youth showcase back home to Hampton Roads Updated: 43 mins ago NASCAR Monster Energy Cup-AAA 400 Drive for Autism Results Updated: 6 mins ago NASCAR Monster Energy Cup-AAA 400 Drive for Autism Results Updated: 6 mins ago HR Show HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Latest Headlines Live Music Friday: Romonta June 2, 2017 PORTSMOUTH, Va. (WAVY) – The smooth sounds of Romonta filled The Hampton Roads Show studio.  It’s always great to have him as our Live Music… The Funny Bone: Leonard Ouzts June 2, 2017 PORTSMOUTH, Va. (WAVY) – Comedian Leonard Ouzts is headlining at the Virginia Beach Funny Bone this weekend and he stopped by to goof off wi… Audience: Boardwalk Art Show June 2, 2017 In The Kitchen: Duck Donuts June 2, 2017 IAHR: Josh Hill June 1, 2017 Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Work for Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com Search for: Search the site 72° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 89° F Lo: 65° F Pursuit of stolen vehicle ends at Newport News Wal-Mart By Emily Satchell Published: June 2, 2017, 10:55 pm Updated: June 3, 2017, 12:32 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Photo courtesy WAVY viewer Cyndi Bradshaw Smith) NEWPORT NEWS, Va. (WAVY) — A police pursuit ended at a Wal-Mart in Newport News on Friday night. Virginia State Police say around 9:37 p.m, Newport News police officers were following a 2015 Ford Expedition, which was known to be stolen. Newport News police requested assistance from state police in stopping the vehicle. Troopers spotted the vehicle on I-64 west near Jefferson Avenue. A short pursuit ensued and the driver of the vehicle went to the Wal-Mart at 12401 Jefferson Avenue. State police say the driver, 20-year-old Oliver Copeland abandoned the vehicle and tried to run, but was apprehended. State Police charged Copeland with felony eluding, felony possession of stolen property, driving while suspended, possession of marijuana, and reckless driving. No one was injured and there was no damage to any vehicles. Copeland is being held in Newport News Jail without bond. Stay with WAVY.com for any updates on this developing story. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts 2 men, 4 juveniles charged in Newport News police chase Suspects in custody after police chase stolen car in Newport News Norfolk man accused of ramming trooper’s cruiser during pursuit Hampton Police recover car connected to missing mother and child Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WAVY.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WAVY-TV © 1998-2017 WAVY.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Traffic Sports Experts HR Show More Advertise Advertise with Us Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report WVBT EEO Report Children’s TV Report FCC Public File Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Stay Connected WAVY Weather App WAVY News App Email Alerts Text Alerts ReportIt Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix DFW CW33 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW33 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Eye Opener HomeBless Life CW Community Watch CW33 Contact Weather 73° 73° Low 68° High 86° Mon 70° 83° Tue 68° 90° Wed 67° 88° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Why Walmart may not be putting smiles on employees faces Posted 8:31 pm, June 2, 2017, by Shardae Neal Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video BENTONVILLE, AR -- You can probably find everything you need at Walmart but the employees might not be bagging the best benefits. The grocery giant is under fire for allegedly firing employees who take sick days even if they have a doctor's note. A Better Balance report claims the company also discriminates against pregnant workers, which is a direct violation of the disabilities and pregnancy discrimination act. Walmart is reportedly sacking the claims although over a thousand of their employees have come forward on the issues. But Wally World is rolling out something they hope would put a smile on their employees' faces and more money in their pockets. They're asking workers to deliver customers' packages on their way home. So imagine getting off the clock after eight hours but before you go home you have to stop at someone else's house first. Walmart hopes this new tactic will give them a leg up over Amazon Prime and other home delivery services. "We operate in a mode with very low expenses and that means innovation and efficiency," said Walmart's CEO Mike Duke. Filed in: NewsFix Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Heeeeere’s Johnny! Johnny Carson is back on late night TV! Classic full episodes on Antenna TV! Popular 1000 acres of action: DFW’s newest attraction opens in Midlothian Teen hit and killed crossing I-20 in Grand Prairie Widow of slain Dallas police officer sues to keep video of husband’s death private 3 dead after shootout at Greenville car dealership Latest News Woman stays of church roof until she raises 150K lbs. of food donations Ariana visits her injured fans at Manchester hospital Bill Maher had the nerve to use the N-word on his show! Terror in London: 12 arrested, at least 7 killed in attacks National/World News Robots expected to take 38 percent of U.S. jobs by 2030s CW33 Your age is probably why you can’t get the job you want NewsFix Twitter’s getting fly with United Airlines over #LeggingGate NewsFix Hundreds of volunteers get wet & dirty to clean up the Trinity River Corridor Eye Opener Woman pepper sprays 🔥👀 Wendy’s workers over stale fries 👎🍟 National/World News GRAPHIC: Video shows grandmother dressed as a witch while abusing grandchild Dose of Reality NewsFix Dose of Reality: Mapping the lost loved ones of the opioid epidemic National/World News Man reportedly carrying woman’s head walks into grocery store, stabs worker National/World News Facebook murder suspect recognized at McDonald’s after ordering McNuggets; employee alerted police NewsFix It’s a boy! April the Giraffe FINALLY gives birth National/World News Target is testing next-day delivery National/World News Spirit Airlines Brawl: Massive fight breaks out between travelers, airline & police in Florida Health NewsFix Stem cells may offer hope for autism, study finds Mobile Apps CW33 Weather App for iPhone CW33 Weather App for iPad CW33 Weather App for Android NewsFix DFW App for iPhone NewsFix DFW App for Android Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 8001 John W. Carpenter Freeway Dallas, Texas 75247 • Copyright © 2017, KDAF • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Breaking News Witnesses startled after two armed men rob Orange County Wal-Mart, fire gun Orange County Sheriff's Office Armed robbery suspects Armed robbery suspects (Orange County Sheriff's Office) Caitlin DoornbosContact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy Witnesses were startled early Friday when two armed men robbed an Orange County Wal-Mart and fired a gun, according to an incident report. Now, the Orange County Sheriff's Office is searching for the suspects. The armed robbery happened about 12:10 a.m. when two men came into the store at 5559 Clarcona-Ocoee Road with guns as employees were waiting on one last customer before closing the store, according to an incident report The masked men took two store managers at gunpoint to an office where a safe was located and demanded cash, according to the report. Shaken, the managers handed over “two or three” containers of money, and the men took an undisclosed amount of cash. The robbers left the managers in the office and walked toward the exit. That’s when one of the suspects shot at a Wal-Mart employee who was stocking mustard in one of the aisles, according to the report. The bullet missed the employee, who dropped to the ground, ultimately lodging into merchandise on the shelf behind her, according to the report. The men left the store, yelling “stay on the ground” to a customer who tried to run away, according to the report. The suspects got into a waiting red Ford Edge sport utility vehicle and escaped. Investigators found the SUV near Rose Avenue and Rundle Road, south of Maitland Boulevard, the report said. They later discovered that it had been reported stolen. The suspects are described as about 5-feet, 9-inches to 6 feet tall and were last seen wearing black ski masks and black clothing. One of the suspects was wearing red gloves, while the other wore black and neon yellow gloves, Sheriff’s Office spokeswoman Deputy Ingrid Tejada-Monforte said. A third suspect is also wanted. He was outside holding two other employees at gunpoint in front of the store, she said. He was last wearing all black clothing with a white ski mask and black and white shoes. Anyone with information can call Crimeline at 800-423-8477. cdoornbos@orlandosentinel.com, 407-650-6931 or @CaitlinDoornbos Caption The Seminole County Sheriff’s Office on Friday released video of an accused marijuana grower and an accomplice setting fire to his pot crop as law enforcement helicopters circled overhead. The Seminole County Sheriff’s Office on Friday released video of an accused marijuana grower and an accomplice setting fire to his pot crop as law enforcement helicopters circled overhead. Caption The Seminole County Sheriff’s Office on Friday released video of an accused marijuana grower and an accomplice setting fire to his pot crop as law enforcement helicopters circled overhead. The Seminole County Sheriff’s Office on Friday released video of an accused marijuana grower and an accomplice setting fire to his pot crop as law enforcement helicopters circled overhead. Caption A 22-year-old man was arrested by UCF Police on Wednesday for changing a grade in an engineering class.  A 22-year-old man was arrested by UCF Police on Wednesday for changing a grade in an engineering class.  Caption New bodycam footage released by Orlando, Belle Isle, and Edgewood police departments offer a better glimpse at the police response to the Pulse nightclub shooting.  New bodycam footage released by Orlando, Belle Isle, and Edgewood police departments offer a better glimpse at the police response to the Pulse nightclub shooting.  Caption Orange County deputies are searching for a person of interest related to a murder investigation of 56-year-old Dale Eric Floren. Floren was found in the parking lot of the Florida Mall. Orange County deputies are searching for a person of interest related to a murder investigation of 56-year-old Dale Eric Floren. Floren was found in the parking lot of the Florida Mall. Caption Marc Edward Knotts, member of the Outlaws Motorcycle Club, was arrested along with two other people for their suspected involvement in a shooting that left one man dead last month. Newly released arrest reports describe a "coordinated attack" outside a Circle K. Marc Edward Knotts, member of the Outlaws Motorcycle Club, was arrested along with two other people for their suspected involvement in a shooting that left one man dead last month. Newly released arrest reports describe a "coordinated attack" outside a Circle K. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Orange County News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Legal Notices Obituaries 75°
lehighvalleylive.com Menu Home News open Local open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Place an Ad Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Obituaries Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Opinion Photos/Videos open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Education Business Traffic Elections The Express-Times Newsletter More Back to Main Menu Easton Bethlehem Allentown Phillipsburg Nazareth Slate Belt Northampton County Lehigh County Warren County Back to Main Menu High School Eagles Giants Phillies More Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Boys lacrosse Girls lacrosse Boys track and field Girls track and field Boys tennis Boys volleyball Offseason sports open Back to Main Menu Wrestling Boys basketball Girls basketball Boys swimming Girls swimming Boys soccer Girls soccer Field hockey Girls volleyball Boys cross country Girls cross country Girls tennis Boys golf Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Events open Puzzles Comics More Entertainment Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Submit an event Back to Main Menu Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Express-Times Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search lehighvalleylive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to lehighvalleylive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Express-Times Bethlehem Area News Know this guy accused of snapping intimate pic at Walmart? Updated on June 2, 2017 at 7:08 PM Posted on June 2, 2017 at 6:12 PM Bethlehem Township police said June 2, 2017, they were looking for tips on the identity of this man accused of taking an intimate photo of a female shopper at Walmart the prior day. (Courtesy photos | For lehighvalleylive.com) Bethlehem Township police said June 2, 2017, they were looking for tips on the identity of this man accused of taking an intimate photo of a female shopper at Walmart the prior day. (Courtesy photos | For lehighvalleylive.com) By Kurt Bresswein kbresswein@lehighvalleylive.com, For lehighvalleylive.com Bethlehem Township police asked Friday for the public's help in identifying a man accused of taking "an intimate picture" of a female victim at Walmart. The incident unfolded about 9:45 a.m. Thursday at the 3926 Nazareth Pike store, according to police. The man seen in surveillance images from Walmart followed the victim around and made multiple attempts at taking a photo that invaded her privacy, succeeding once, police said. Investigators ask anyone with information to contact Patrolman Mark Demetrovic at mdemetrovic@bethlehemtwp.com or 610-419-9681. Anonymous tips may be submitted by texting TIP BETHLEHEMTWP followed by a message to 888777, or by visiting the department's nixle.com account. Kurt Bresswein may be reached at kbresswein@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @KurtBresswein. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook. View Comments About Us About lehighvalleylive.com Jobs at lehighvalleylive.com Contact Us Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions Subscribe to The Express-Times lehighvalleylive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Find n Save Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Easton Bethlehem Allentown Phillipsburg Lehigh County Warren County Nazareth Slate Belt Hunterdon County Northampton County Upper Bucks Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on lehighvalleylive.com Photos Interact with us Weather Sitemap & search Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Follow Us iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 PennLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of PennLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Sponsored by Skip to content Contact Sponsorships Donate Write for us 9:27pm — June 04, 2017 a smarter Tucson is a better Tucson Login | Register Front Page Breaking Local Nation/World Border Sports Opinion Arts Entertainment All Headlines Contact About Ethics Donate now Underwriting/Sponsorships Sign up for newsletters! Breaking News Arizona Border Crime Downtown Politics & Gov't All Local Arizona Border Biz Crime Downtown Education Enviro Media Politics & Gov't Tech All Nation/World Border Mexico/Latin America Politics & Gov't Media Tech Enviro Health Business War Weird All Headlines Arizona Politics & Gov't Mexico/Latin America All Sports Baseball Basketball Football Softball Soccer High School College Pro Analysis Comics Guest Opinion All Arts & Culture Music Dance Theatre & Stage Classical Visual Arts Books History All Entertainment All Music Rock/Indie Jazz Classical Movies Food Celebs/Pop Culture Events/To Do Search Submit your event Council candidate filings set up 2 contested primaries Ward 3 Dems, Ward 6 Greens will see August ballot choices Reporter profile More by Dylan Smith Tweet Latest Most Commented Old West history helps corral Az tourists — and not just in Tombstone Despite $1.2 billion in purchases, tribal land buy-back ‘treading water’ Phoenix freeways getting a better sensor of traffic congestion ahead Live weather radar Tucson, other Az cities buck Trump, pledge to stick to Paris climate goals Actors in Bus-A-Geddon have every incentive to let Sun Tran strike happen, again5 Buy local: Don't short Tucson business over sales-tax increase4 In defense of Paula Aboud and maybe even 'cheating'4 Arizona cyber experts warn that WannaCry outbreak just tip of iceberg1 After 890 consecutive Thursdays, El Tiradito vigil for immigrants may end 1 Thanks to Posted Jun 2, 2017, 11:59 am Dylan Smith TucsonSentinel.com Tucson's city primary election in August won't just be an opportunity for candidates to organize the base this year — there will be two contested races. Three Democrats will face off for the open Ward 3 seat, and two Green Party candidates are running in the primary for Ward 6. Come November's general election, only those wards will see more than one candidate on the ballot — Ward 5 Democrat Richard Fimbres is running unopposed for another term on the City Council. In Ward 3, the winner of the Democratic primary between Felicia Chew, Paul Durham and Thomas Tronsdal will face off independent Gary Watson in November. Local Republicans declined to back Watson's run because the Northwest Fire District employee supported Prop. 101, the bump in the city sales tax to support police, fire and road repairs. Councilwoman Karin Uhlich announced that she isn't seeking another term in the ward, setting off the three-way primary. No Republican candidate turned in signatures by Tuesday's filing deadline, but Watson's name will appear on November's ballot. In Ward 6, Councilman Steve Kozachik is seeking another term. The Democrat will be facing off against Republican Mariano Rodriguez, and the Green who makes it through the primary, on the November ballot. Rodriguez hasn't been responsive to press queries, and it remains to be seen if a candidate who boosted Donald Trump so fervently that he's pulled down his previous Facebook and Twitter ("Deplorable Mariano") accounts to hide his backing, will catch on with Tucson's Democratic voting majority. But Kozachik has put a leash on his campaign, vowing to not raise funds for his reelection effort nor to buy political advertisements. Also in Ward 6, Greens Mike Cease and Michael Oatman are seeking their party's nomination. Of course, candidate's places on the ballot aren't yet set in stone with the submission of nominating petitions. The Democratic Party will be looking closely at Rodriguez's in particular. Although he filed 205 signatures, the Dems will be checking to see if they can invalidate enough of them to push him below the 115 required for a Republican to secure a ballot spot in Ward 6. Concerned about keeping quality reporting alive in Tucson? A metro area of nearly 1 million deserves a vital & sustainable source of news that's independent and locally run. Support TucsonSentinel.com with a contribution today! Watson's will also likely be getting a close look, although he has a larger cushion. He filed 536 signatures, and needs 377 valid ones under the "nomination by other than primary" process in Ward 3. Under Tucson's municipal election system, candidates for the City Council are nominated by the voters in ward primaries, and then run city-wide in the general election. - 30 - have your say    Comment on this story There are no comments yet. Why don't you get the discussion going? Join the conversation... You must be logged in or register to comment Click image to enlarge Bill Morrow/Flickr Categories news, politics & government, local, arizona, breaking Read more about city council, democrats, election, felicia chew, gary watson, green party, karin uhlich, mariano rodriguez, michael oatman, mike cease, paul durham, republicans, richard fimbres, steve kozachik, thomas tronsdal More by Dylan Smith Update: Missing elderly man with dementia found by police Deputies: Help ID man who attempted strong-arm robbery at Walmart Three candidates nominated for vacancy on S. Az appeals court Tucson City Court to stay open later on Tuesdays Heat may have killed hiker found in Saguaro Nat'l Park Sponsored by Yes! I want to help TucsonSentinel.com offer a real news alternative! We're committed to making quality news accessible; we'll never set up a paywall or charge for our site. But we rely on your support to bring you independent news without the spin. Use our convenient PayPal/credit card donation form below or contact us at donate@tucsonsentinel.com today. Donate securely with PayPal $5,000 Newshound $2,500 Copy desk chief $1,000 Trusted source $500 Correspondent $250 Stringer $100 Cub reporter $50 Printer's Devil $25 Informed Source $10 Dear Reader Enter your own amount (below) OR: Subscribe and stretch your donation over time $5/mo. Printer's Devil $10/mo. Cub Reporter $20/mo. Stringer $40/mo. Correspondent Enter your own monthly amount (number only) TucsonSentinel.com is an Arizona nonprofit organization fiscally sponsored by FCIR.org, a 501c3 charity. Your contribution is tax-deductible. Tucson weather Weather data not available Sponsored by Sign up for TucsonSentinel.com email newsletters! Email Address * First Name Last Name Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy Become a Sponsor Donate Write for us Front Page Breaking Local Nation/World Border Sports Opinion Arts Music © 2009-2017 TucsonSentinel.com Hosting by Design by Context Designworks X close»
Login Learn more about Thomson Reuters Foundation Sign up for our Newsletter Home Women's Rights Climate Trafficking Property Rights Humanitarian Food Videos Search Wal-Mart reassures employees as it touts tech investments by Reuters Friday, 2 June 2017 21:04 GMT Share: Newsletter sign up: Most Popular Former Yazidi sex slave makes tearful return to her Iraqi village Activists occupy former British women's prison to protest cuts Tanzania to protect cities from climate threats with urban plan 'Historic mistake' by Trump - but climate action will go on One in five twins dies under age 5 in sub-Saharan Africa - Lancet By Nandita Bose FAYETTEVILLE, Ark., June 2 (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc executives on Friday reassured workers they remained integral to the company's success as they highlighted investments in online sales and other technology to compete with rivals like Amazon.com Inc. Wal-Mart is successfully using e-commerce to boost sales but does not want to alienate workers who have helped drive gains with improved customer service and higher morale following a rise in base pay to $10 an hour. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," Chief Executive Doug McMillon said at Wal-Mart's annual shareholder meeting where all the company's board member nominations were approved. "We will be people-led and tech-empowered." The nod to store employees and the retail workforce was a departure from past years when the company focused shareholder presentations on the technology it was adopting to close the online gap with Amazon and beat other competitors. The shift followed complaints by labor groups that Wal-Mart had to do more for workers, despite the company's $2.7 billion investment in employee training and wages in 2015 and the 2016 wage increase to $10. McMillon's comments capped a three-day media event during which the company announced initiatives like a test program that allows store workers to deliver packages ordered on the retailer's website and the use of blockchain technology to ensure safety in its food supply chain. Wal-Mart's investments in technology helped deliver a 63 percent rise in first quarter online sales, up from 29 percent growth in the fourth quarter and 20 percent in the third quarter. Its results have also outshined rivals like Target Corp , department-store chains and apparel retailers. CHAIRMAN PROPOSAL REJECTED The shareholders meeting at the Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Arkansas, 30 miles from the company's headquarters in Bentonville, was packed with 14,000 people, including workers from around 27 countries and shareholders. The company tapped Blake Shelton to host the show which included pop stars like Gwen Stefani, Mary J. Blige and Rachel Platten. Wal-Mart's shareholders approved all 11 company-recommended board members and voted in-line with company wishes. None of the four shareholder proposals put forward were approved. One from Making Change at Wal-Mart, part of the United Food and Commercial Workers Union, called for an independent chairman to act in the interests of Wal-Mart's hourly workers. "How can any Wal-Mart associate build a better life when they have been with the company for five years or more and they make $9 or $10 an hour," said Amy Ritter from the labor group, who presented the proposal. For years, influential proxy advisory firms have recommended shareholders vote in favor of an independent board chairman without ties to management or the founding family, ever since bribery allegations several years ago exposed serious board oversight failures. About 51 percent of Wal-Mart's stock is controlled by the Walton family and current Chairman of the Board Greg Penner is married to the grandaughter of Wal-Mart founder Sam Walton. (Reporting by Nandita Bose; Editing by Andrew Hay) Share Tweet Share Email EXPLORE MORE NEWS Iraqi Shi'ite paramilitaries take Baaj town west of Mosul from Islamic State -army FACTBOX-Cosby trial puts U.S. states' sex-crime prosecution laws in focus U.S.-backed Syrian forces seize dam west of Raqqa from Islamic State -SDF Residents trapped as gunfire mars ceasefire at Philippines city About Thomson Reuters Foundation News news.trust.org Our global editorial team of almost 40 journalists and 100 freelancers covers the world’s under-reported stories at the heart of aid, development, women’s rights, human trafficking, property rights, and climate change. Find out more Find out more Newsletter sign up: Terms and Conditions Privacy and Cookies Acceptable Use Policy Contact Us Trust Principles Copyright © 2017 Thomson Reuters Foundation. Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity registered in England and Wales (registration number: 1082139) Latest News Activists occupy former British women's prison in protest against cuts From menstruation to masturbation, Indian soap draws 400 million viewers INTERVIEW - Red Cross flags violence as top humanitarian priority in Latin America Tanzania seeks to protect cities from climate threats with urban plan Lack of 'safe' jobs keeping educated women from work in India Child brides are on the rise in India's towns and cities - report Malaysia holds contest on how to 'prevent' homosexuality 'Historic mistake' by Trump - but climate action will go on, experts say One in five twins dies under age 5 in sub-Saharan Africa - Lancet Guatemala rescues 22 children from forced labour - police Join Us
PCSD searching for suspect in strong arm robbery - Tucson News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Justice For Isabel Arizona Politics Great Things Happen Here Border News 3 attackers, 7 victims killed in London Bridge area terror attacks Business Traffic map SLIDESHOWS Watch Tucson News Now KOLD Investigates See it, Snap it, Send it Education In Southern Arizona News Crime & Courts Live CBS Video Flight tracker Fighting The Flu Border News Terrorism around the world Noticias KOLD 13 SLIDESHOWS Mass shootings in the U.S. National Weather Weather main page 3 Degree Guarantee Interactive Radar Science news Live cams Traffic map Flight Tracker Team Bios Sign up for email alerts Hurricanes Wildfires Sports Tucson Rodeo UA Basketball News from the NFL UA Sports UA Football Tucson Roadrunners Overtime FC Tucson El Tour de Tucson Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Auto Racing College Sports News Video News Videos main page Live CBS Video Right This Minute Video Coverage TV Watch Tucson News Now Watch CBS Shows TV Schedule On-air schedule MeTV GRIT TV CRIME WATCH DAILY Watch My Fox Shows ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT Watch My Network TV Shows What's For Lunch? Community AZ WEEKEND Discover Arizona See it, Snap it, Send it Fresh Bites Pet Connection Pet Pals Speaker Request Events Lifestyle About Us Contact Us Speaker Request Reporters and Anchors KOLD-TV jobs Raycom Media jobs KMSB-TV Jobs Digital Sales CONTESTS Win tickets to the Summer Safari Nights at Reid Park Zoo Health Health main page Fighting the Flu Komen - Health Connection Zika virus Sex & Relationships Marketplace PCSD searching for suspect in strong arm robbery 2017-06-02T21:38:35Z2017-06-02T21:45:02Z By Elizabeth Walton, Digital Content Producer Email Connect ewalton@tucsonnewsnow.com (Source: Pima County Sheriff's Department) (Source: Pima County Sheriff's Department) (Source: Pima County Sheriff's Department) TUCSON, AZ (Tucson News Now) - Robbery Assault detectives with the Pima County Sheriff's Department are asking for the public's help in identifying a suspect in a strong arm robbery at a west side Walmart.  According to a PCSD release the suspect is described as a dark-skinned Hispanic or light-skinned black man between 20 and 30 years old, short dark hair with possible facial hair.  He was last seen wearing a black t-shirt with a picture on the front, black pants, and white shoes.  The incident began shortly before 7 p.m. on Thursday, May 18 when deputies responded to the Walmart Neighborhood Market at 2823 West Valencia Road for a report of a theft in progress.   When deputies arrived they found the suspect had attempted to take a full cart from the store and was confronted by employees.  According to the release the suspect assaulted at least one employee before leaving the scene in a dark-colored, possibly green Saturn passenger car.  The suspect left the cart behind at the scene.  Anyone with information on the suspect is asked to call 911.  For those who wish to remain anonymous they can text, call or go online to 88-CRIME.org to submit their tip.  MOBILE USERS: Download our app on your Apple and Android devices. Copyright 2017 Tucson News Now. All rights reserved. Crime & CourtsMore>> BREAKING Warrant issued for suspect in fatal hit and run Warrant issued for suspect in fatal hit and run Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 8:01 PM EDT2017-06-03 00:01:47 GMT Oscar Servando Garcia-Pineda (Source: Tucson Police Department) The Tucson Police Department has issued a felony arrest warrant for Oscar Servando Garcia-Pineda, who was involved in a fatal hit and run crash on South Park Avenue and East Drexel Road.   The Tucson Police Department has issued a felony arrest warrant for Oscar Servando Garcia-Pineda, who was involved in a fatal hit and run crash on South Park Avenue and East Drexel Road.   CBP captures would be smuggler, seizes nearly 600 pounds of marijuana CBP captures would be smuggler, seizes nearly 600 pounds of marijuana Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 6:29 PM EDT2017-06-02 22:29:25 GMT (Source: U.S. Customs and Border Protection) Both the driver, a juvenile from Mexico and the packages were transported to the Nogales Border Patrol Station for processing.  The juvenile now faces immigration and narcotics charges per Tucson Sector Guidelines.  Both the driver, a juvenile from Mexico and the packages were transported to the Nogales Border Patrol Station for processing.  The juvenile now faces immigration and narcotics charges per Tucson Sector Guidelines.  PCSD searching for suspect in strong arm robbery PCSD searching for suspect in strong arm robbery Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 5:45 PM EDT2017-06-02 21:45:02 GMT According to a Pima County Sheriff's Department release the suspect is described as a dark-skinned Hispanic or light-skinned black man between 20 and 30 years old, short dark hair with possible facial hair.  He was last seen wearing a black t-shirt with a picture on the front, black pants, and white shoes.   According to a Pima County Sheriff's Department release the suspect is described as a dark-skinned Hispanic or light-skinned black man between 20 and 30 years old, short dark hair with possible facial hair.  He was last seen wearing a black t-shirt with a picture on the front, black pants, and white shoes.   Tucson woman pleads not guilty in baby formula case Tucson woman pleads not guilty in baby formula case Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 5:38 PM EDT2017-06-02 21:38:19 GMT Jennifer Laplante (Source: KOLD News 13) Jennifer Laplante, 30, is facing charges of fraudulent schemes and artifices and child endangerment.  Jennifer Laplante, 30, is facing charges of fraudulent schemes and artifices and child endangerment.  BREAKING Documents provide glimpse into investigation of Vail teen's death Documents provide glimpse into investigation of Vail teen's death Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 4:53 PM EDT2017-06-02 20:53:18 GMT Josh Lelevier (Source: Tucson Police Department) Joshua Lelevier told police he noticed 13-year-old Jayden Glomb missing from their home at about 1:30 a.m. on May 11. He said he continued to search for her until morning, when he and her mother called police. Joshua Lelevier told police he noticed 13-year-old Jayden Glomb missing from their home at about 1:30 a.m. on May 11. He said he continued to search for her until morning, when he and her mother called police.    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> 95-year-old man makes 100-mile weekly trip to take his girlfriend dancing 95-year-old man makes 100-mile weekly trip to take his girlfriend dancing Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 11:33 AM EDT2017-06-04 15:33:24 GMT Frank first met 93-year-old Kate Mabry when the two were youngsters. Both lost their spouses many years ago. Frank first met 93-year-old Kate Mabry when the two were youngsters. Both lost their spouses many years ago. SLIDESHOW: Meet the contestants of Miss Alabama 2017 SLIDESHOW: Meet the contestants of Miss Alabama 2017 Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 4:31 PM EDT2017-06-04 20:31:22 GMT (Source: missalabama.com) The Miss Alabama Pageant 2017 will be held at the Wright Center at Samford University June 7-10. The Miss Alabama Pageant 2017 will be held at the Wright Center at Samford University June 7-10. 2 arrested, 1 dead following Saturday high-speed chase, crash in Phenix City 2 arrested, 1 dead following Saturday high-speed chase, crash in Phenix City Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 7:37 PM EDT2017-06-04 23:37:47 GMT (Source: Chandler Morgan/WTVM) Two people have been arrested, one person is dead, and another person is in the hospital following a police chase in Phenix City Saturday evening. Two people have been arrested, one person is dead, and another person is in the hospital following a police chase in Phenix City Saturday evening. Can't Find Something? KOLD FCC Public File jhengemuehler@tucsonnewsnow.com (520) 744-1313 EEO Report Closed Captioning KMSB FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning KTTU FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning 7831 N. Business Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85743 (520) 744-1313 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
See Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Al Franken and more at the 2017 Printers Row Lit Fest. Tickets available now! News Week in review: Uber driver slain, Trump ditches climate deal, Pritzker-Blagojevich tapes Funeral services were held for Grant Nelson, of Wilmette, an Uber driver who was killed allegedly by 16-year-old ride-sharing customer Eliza Wasni. (Jose M. Osorio/Chicago Tribune) Chicago Tribune staff and wire reports Here are some of the top stories of the week from Chicago and beyond (Sunday, May 28 through Friday, June 2). Teen girl accused of slaying Uber driver with machete, knife Eliza Wasni, 16, from Chicago, was charged with killing an Uber driver in a random attack with a knife and a machete that she stole from a Walmart, according to authorities, report Grace Wong, Susan Berger and Brian L. Cox. Prosecutors said Grant Nelson, 34, of Wilmette picked the teen up in Skokie early on Tuesday who, minutes into the ride in Lincolnwood, began stabbing Nelson. Nelson was able to pull over and flee the scene and described his attacker to police but died later at a hospital, authorities said. A large crowd packed a Skokie chapel on Friday for Nelson's funeral, where he was remembered as a "kind soul in a cruel world," reports Susan Berger. In 2008, Democratic donor and businessman J.B. Pritzker had phone conversations with then-Gov. Rod Blagojevich that were recorded by FBI agents investigating Blagojevich for public corruption. Pritzker is now a candidate for Illinois governor.  In 2008, Democratic donor and businessman J.B. Pritzker had phone conversations with then-Gov. Rod Blagojevich that were recorded by FBI agents investigating Blagojevich for public corruption. Pritzker is now a candidate for Illinois governor.  See more videos Pritzker sought treasurer job from Blagojevich, 2008 wiretaps show Current Democratic candidate for governor J.B. Pritzker expressed interest in being appointed Illinois treasurer by then-Gov. Rod Blagojevich in 2008, according to recordings of phone calls secretly made by FBI agents, report Todd Lighty, Jeff Coen and David Heinzmann. The two discussed the Senate seat Blagojevich was dealing — Pritzker wasn't interested — along with politics, their futures and the financial woes of a bank owned by Pritzker's sister in the never-before-publicly-revealed conversations. Pritzker thought the treasurer job would be open, citing news reports that Alexi Giannoulias might get a White House job. "Ooh, interesting," Blagojevich said. "Let's think about that. You interested in that?" "Yeah," Pritzker replied, "that's the one I would want." Pritzker responded to the revelations Wednesday night. "Look, there was nothing inappropriate about my conversation with the governor," Pritzker said. "It should be unsurprising to people that after 25 years of doing public service in a variety of ways that when an opportunity might have arisen for me to do public service that I would be willing to do that. And that was what the conversation was all about." Former U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert is serving a 15-month sentence in a Minnesota federal prison hospital after pleading guilty in October to a financial crime. New accuser sues Dennis Hastert over alleged sex abuse A new accuser filed a lawsuit against former U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert, alleging he was assaulted by Hastert in a bathroom in 1973 or 1974, reports Marwa Eltagouri. The accusation comes less than three months before Hastert is scheduled to be released from prison for trying to withdraw money in a way to avoid detection in an effort to pay hush money to another man who accused him of molestation. In the new lawsuit, the alleged victim also sued Yorkville Community Unit School District 115 and is seeking $50,000 in damages. Chicago photos in the news In other Chicago-area news: DCFS chief resigns: State child welfare director George Sheldon is resigning and returning to Florida to run a nonprofit organization. The move comes as Sheldon is facing an ethics probe and his agency has seen a series of recent child deaths and bad headlines, report David Jackson, Gary Marx and Duaa Eldeib. Still no budget: The General Assembly ended its spring session without a budget yet again, heading into its second-straight summer overtime session, but lawmakers did approve plans to crack down on gun offenders and advanced a bill to sell the Thompson Center, report Monique Garcia, Kim Geiger and Haley BeMiller. Cop found dead: A Chicago police officer was found dead in her Northwest Side home Sunday in a possible suicide that came as the FBI was re-examining the September 2015 death of her husband, also a cop, who apparently shot himself in the home after an argument with his wife, according to police, report Jeremy Gorner, Annie Sweeney and Jason Meisner. Memorial Day weekend violence: Seven people were killed and another 45 wounded in Chicago over the holiday weekend, a drop from last year, report Peter Nickeas and Elvia Malagon. Among the victims was a 20-year-old blind, disabled man killed after being caught in the crossfire at his local park, reports Katherine Rosenberg-Douglas. Telemarketer shut down: Safety Publications Inc. agreed to stop operating in Illinois after Attorney General Lisa Madigan, in response to a Tribune investigation, accused it of misleading donors to raise millions on behalf of veterans and other charitable causes, reports David Jackson. Shoreline eroding: Stretches of shoreline along Illinois' northern lakefront are retreating at unprecedented rates, with the loss of 184 feet of beach in a little more than two years, report Tony Briscoe and Nausheen Husain. NEIU job cuts: Northeastern Illinois University announced on Tuesday it was eliminating 180 full-time jobs this summer as a result of the state budget stalemate, reports Dawn Rhodes. The move will not fully take effect for four years, under the terms of the agreement. The move will not fully take effect for four years, under the terms of the agreement. See more videos Trump ditches global Paris climate agreement President Donald Trump announced on Thursday that he is removing the United States from the global Paris climate agreement, fulfilling his campaign promise but drawing rebukes from world leaders, environmentalists and corporate leaders. Trump said the agreement, negotiated under President Barack Obama in 2015, was unfair to U.S. workers and put the country at a competitive disadvantage with China, India and other growing powers. The U.S. joins only Syria and Nicaragua in opposing the global accord. "I was elected to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris," Trump said. (It's worth noting that Pittsburgh Mayor Bill Peduto did not agree with Trump's decision.) European leaders made clear they are committed to fighting climate change and said the agreement cannot be renegotiated, as Trump suggested. "Wherever we live, whoever we are, we all share the same responsibility: Make our planet great again," said France President Emmanuel Macron. The Democratic governors of California, New York and Washington formed the U.S. Climate Alliance to uphold the Paris deal, and other states were considering joining. Trump relied on dubious facts and unbalanced claims to make his argument, according to a fact check done by the Washington Post. A suicide truck bombing rocked a highly secure diplomatic area of Kabul, Afghanistan, on May 31, 2017, killing 90 people and wounding as many as 400. In other nation and world news: Afghanistan attack: A massive truck bomb killed at least 90 people and wounded 400 in Kabul's heavily guarded diplomatic quarter Wednesday. Attacks in Iraq: Islamic State set off a bomb outside an ice cream shop in central Baghdad and a car bomb during rush hour in downtown, killing more than 30 people on Tuesday. 8 slain in Mississippi: Police say a man argued with his estranged wife and her family over his children, then went on a house-to-house shooting spree that left eight people dead. Officer who killed Tamir Rice fired: Timothy Loehmann, the officer who in 2014 shot and killed a 12-year-old boy holding a pellet gun, was fired by Cleveland police on Tuesday for inaccuracies on his job application. Ken "Hawk" Harrelson on his retirement as White Sox broadcaster. (Colleen Kane/Chicago Tribune) Ken "Hawk" Harrelson on his retirement as White Sox broadcaster. (Colleen Kane/Chicago Tribune) See more videos One more year for the Hawk White Sox broadcaster Ken "Hawk" Harrelson will call his final 20 games as a play-by-play man for the team next year, capping a 34-year career with the club, reports Colleen Kane. Harrelson will work a schedule of mostly Sunday home games and will stay on with the team as an ambassador during the 2019 season. "This has been the greatest ride of my life, and it has been a lot of fun with these fans," Harrelson, 75, said. "I'll never forget anything that has to do with this, nothing. I'll remember it forever." Jason Benetti will take over as the primary play-by-play alongside Steve Stone in 2019 as part of a multiyear deal, the team announced. In other sports news: Tiger Woods arrested: The golfer was found asleep behind the wheel of a car stopped on a road in Jupiter, Fla., early Monday, according to police. Woods passed a breath test and later issued a statement saying he had an "unexpected reaction" to medication. Police released dashcam video of the arrest on Wednesday. French Open player banned: Maxime Hamou tried to forcibly kiss a female reporter after losing in the first round of the French Open on Monday. On Tuesday, tournament organizers banned him from the premises for the rest of the event. The reporter, Maly Thomas, said the transgression was "frankly unpleasant" and "If I hadn't been live on air, I would have punched him." Sale returns home: Former White Sox ace Chris Sale got a standing ovation when he returned to Chicago as a member of the Red Sox, but an anticipated pitching duel with Jose Quintana ended up in a slugfest, with Boston winning 13-7, writes Colleen Kane. Cubs swept out west: Joe Maddon's bunch wore their wacky "Anchorman"-themed suits for a trip out West, but there was nothing funny about their performance against the Dodgers and Padres. The team went 0-6 to fall to two games under .500 for the first time since 2014 as they head home for a weekend series starting Friday with the Cardinals, writes Mark Gonzalez. Terrence Antonio James / Chicago Tribune Protesters from several cities calling for a $15 minimum wage march on North LaSalle Street in Chicago on Tuesday, May 23, 2017. Protesters from several cities calling for a $15 minimum wage march on North LaSalle Street in Chicago on Tuesday, May 23, 2017. (Terrence Antonio James / Chicago Tribune) Legislators send minium wage hike to Rauner's desk Illinois legislators passed a bill that would gradually raise Illinois' minimum wage to $15 an hour over the next five years. The measure goes to Gov. Bruce Rauner, who has called it extreme, report Lauren Zumbach, Greg Trotter and Gail MarksJarvis. The move raised hopes for low-wage workers and supporters who have long been pushing for a wage hike. But some business owners fear shrinking profit margins and say the hike would force higher prices on consumers.  Rauner said he was open to a compromise but that the current bill "would be crushing for our small businesses and crushing for job creation, and extreme." The bill gives businesses plenty of time to adjust to a higher minimum wage that is long overdue and Rauner should sign the bill, argues Tribune columnist Robert Reed. In other business news: Rosebud settles race suit: Chicago-based Rosebud Restaurants will pay $1.9 million and start a program to hire African-Americans to settle a lawsuit that accused the chain of discrimination, reports Corilyn Shropshire. State Street project: A row of long-vacant buildings on the shopping corridor will be turned into over 400 apartments and retail space as part of a $141 million development, reports Ryan Ori. Downgraded: Illinios' bond rating was downgraded near junk status by Moody's Investors Service and S&P Global Ratings, the lowest ranking on record for a U.S. state, due to the ongoing budget impasse, reports Bloomberg. Sculpture wars: An artist upset about the "Fearless Girl" sculpture that was placed in front the "Charging Bull" sculpture in New York decided to make his own artistic statement, creating a small sculpture of a urinating dog that he placed next to the statue of the girl. Busted deadline: The sale of the Chicago Sun-Times to Tronc, parent company of the Chicago Tribune, is on hold until at least Monday to give other potential buyers more time to make a bid, reports Robert Channick. Liz Lauren photo Stacy Keach as Ernest Hemingway in the world premiere of "Pamplona," directed by Robert Falls at the Goodman Theatre. Stacy Keach as Ernest Hemingway in the world premiere of "Pamplona," directed by Robert Falls at the Goodman Theatre. (Liz Lauren photo) 'Pamplona' premiere delayed when star falls ill The world premiere of "Pamplona," a one-character play about Ernest Hemingway, was halted on Tuesday night when star Stacy Keach appeared to fall ill onstage, reports Chris Jones. The actor appeared confused at times and struggled to deliver his monologue before a stage manager cited technical difficulties and ended the show. Goodman artistic director Robert Falls told the audience that Keach, 75, had been "ill all day," but wanted to go ahead with the performance and that the theater had supported him in his decision. Shows through Friday night were canceled as Keach was being medically evaluated, officials said. In other entertainment, lifestyles and dining news: Lollapalooza aftershows: Spoon at Metro and Tegan and Sara at Park West are among the 57 aftershows announced by Lollapalooza, reports Greg Kot. "I went too far": Comedian Kathy Griffin apologized Tuesday after a day of internet outrage set off when she posed for a picture holding a bloody, decapitated Donald Trump head. CNN on Wednesday fired Griffin from her longtime New Year's Eve co-host gig with Anderson Cooper. Griffin held a news conference on Friday, where she maintained that she was wrong, but says that Trump is trying to ruin her career. Wonderful response: A man upset about a women-only screening of "Wonder Woman" decided to email Austin, Texas, Mayor Steve Adler with his grievance. What followed was a savage, epic clap-back, writes Heidi Stevens. (Read Michael Phillips' review of the movie.) Newsmakers and celebrities who died in 2017. Notable deaths Former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega, award-winning sports writer Frank Deford. Also from late last week: Southern rock legend Gregg Allman, Zbigniew Brzezinski, national security adviser for Jimmy Carter and former U.S. Sen. and Hall of Fame pitcher Jim Bunning. Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune 'Luckiest guy in the world!:' Anthony Rizzo gets engaged Beyond Mr. Met: More mascot misadventures Unflappable California sixth-grader Ananya Vinay wins National Spelling Bee Sports Breaking Eat.Drink.Do. Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 71°
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Employees to Delivery Online Orders on Their Commute Home Armed with a custom app, WMT associates could be an brick-and-mortar advantage against Amazon By InvestorPlace Staff  |  Jun 2, 2017, 9:54 am EDT     Popular Posts: 10 Memorial Day Images to Post on Facebook, Twitter Microsoft Co-Founder Paul Allen Debuts the World’s Largest Airplane Target Corporation (TGT) Invests $75 Million in Mattress Startup Casper Sleep Recent Posts: Lululemon Athletica inc. (LULU) Shares Soar After Q1 Earnings Beat Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Employees to Delivery Online Orders on Their Commute Home Microsoft Co-Founder Paul Allen Debuts the World’s Largest Airplane View All Posts Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) employees may deliver your next online order on their way home from work. The program is currently being tested in two New Jersey locations and one in Arkansas. Participation in the program by the employees is voluntary. Wal-Mart is testing an app that matches customers’ online order delivery addresses with an employee’s driving route home, according to a blog post on Thursday from Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart eCommerce U.S. The objective is to cut shipping costs, speed the delivery of packages and allow workers to earn additional compensation, he wrote. Lore was appointed in September 2016 to lead Wal-Mart’s U.S. e-commerce effort after when his company Jet.com was acquired by WMT. The pilot will include both Walmart.com and Jet.com shoppers. The program is currently being tested in two New Jersey locations and one in Arkansas. The move is seen as a way for the retailer to catch up with Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN). Wal-Mart said its trucks already deliver packages to a retail location for store pickup and the same trucks can bring additional orders for a worker to deliver if they choose. “The best part is this gives our own associates a way to earn extra income on their existing drive home,” Lore wrote. “Associates are fully in control of their experience. If they don’t want to participate, they don’t have to. If they choose to opt in, we’ve built technology that allows them to set preferences.” Walmart has 4,700 stores across the U.S. and more than a million employees. The geographic distribution puts a WMT store within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population. WMT stock is little changed in trading this morning. The shares have gained 15.5% so far this year, compared with AMZN stock which has increased 33% in that time.   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/walmart-employees-delivery-online-orders-commute-home/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks to Buy and Hold for the Next 5 Years 7 Dividend Stock Picks That Make the Grade 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High WWDC: 10 Biggest Apple Reveals Ever 10 High-Tech Gifts Dad Will Love ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High 4 Coal Stocks That Are in Danger, With or Without Trump Most Popular 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 7 Stocks to Buy That Wall Street Got Dead Wrong 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 10 Boring Stocks to Buy for Red-Hot Returns Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Balch Springs Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County Keller LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas North Richland Hills Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Trade Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Wal-Mart, unemployment and new executive hires: Friday's business roundup Filed under Economy at 2 days ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Todd Davis, Staff Writer Connect with Todd Davis On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now 16-foot tall orange machine in Wal-Mart's online strategy A big message from Wal-Mart to its shareholders this year is about leveraging its stores to boost its e-commerce business. Several ideas are in the works including one hard to miss piece of giant hardware in bright orange that will soon be landing in more stores including six in the Dallas area. The 16-foot tall tower, which was nicknamed Rapunzel while in development, is a vending machine for online purchases. Wal-Mart says 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of one of their stores and the Pickup Tower, its official name, works for small packages. Plus: Wal-Mart employees are making online deliveries after work The latest Energy: An investigation into Exxon Mobil Corp.'s public statements about climate change uncovered "significant evidence" the oil giant may have misled investors. Restaurants: Downtown Dallas power-lunch spot the Palm Restaurant is closing in the West End. Health care: Tenet and insurer Humana announced that Tenet physicians and facilities are now in network for Humana customers. Economy: Withdrawing from a nonbinding agreement endorsed by close to 200 nations is a bad look for a global superpower, observers said of Trump's announcement Thursday. Aviation: Billionaire Paul Allen's Stratolaunch has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Dallas tech firm reportedly on the sale block Dallas-based Omnitracs LLC, which makes fleet management software for the trucking industry, retained investment banks to explore a potential sale, according to a Wall Street Journal report. The company, which moved its headquarters to Dallas from San Diego in 2015, is backed by Austin-based private equity firm Vista Equity Partners. The Journal, citing unnamed sources, said Omnitracs' valuation could approach $2 billion. Its revenue will be about $400 million this year. Data points:  Unemployment down, trade deficit up U.S. government data released Friday told a mixed economic picture. The pace of hiring slowed as the nation's unemployment rate hit the lowest level since 2001. Yet the U.S. trade deficit with other countries jumped more than 5 percent, as Chinese imports surged. Since President Donald Trump campaigned heavily on pledges to boost the nation's economy, spur job creation at U.S. companies and bring business executives to the table to better America, we're tracking economic progress in a collection of Trump Tracker data tools. Plus: Everything you need to know about Texas' jobs picture. Bill Sandbrook, President & CEO of U.S. Concrete posses for a portrait at The Union in Dallas on Friday, April 28, 2017. Bill was hired in July 2011 to turn around a company just emerging from bankruptcy. He accomplished that by selling low-margin businesses and refocusing on producing Redi-Mix concrete. The Union Dallas is one of its largest projects to date. (David Woo/The Dallas Morning News) (David Woo/Staff Photographer) Handling hard times cements concrete CEO's reputation U.S. Concrete recently finished its work on Toyota's North American headquarters in Plano. Ongoing projects include Facebook's data center in Fort Worth, LaGuardia Airport's upgrade, the World Trade Center complex and Hudson Yards in New York. "This is a completely different, reinvigorated and empowered company," CEO Bill Sandbrook said at his corporate office in Euless. Sandbrook, the son of a cement man who's about to turn 60, is a strategic thinker honed by the military. His road to running the Euless-based concrete company included Cold War and 9/11 experiences that honed his decision-making skills. Plus: Read more from business columnist Cheryl Hall. Elsewhere in Texas Houston: Billionaire restaurateur Tilman Fertitta's Landry's chain is reportedly interested in buying the distressed operator of Joe's Crab Shack and Brick House Tavern & Tap. (Houston Chronicle). San Antonio: Lockheed Martin Corp. is reducing its Port San Antonio workforce by 112 through layoffs and by shifting work to an Arizona-based company. (San Antonio Express-News). Austin: Everfest, an online community that connects festival goers, will expand its team and invest in product development after raising $3.6 million from investors including Live Nation Entertainment and ATX Seed Ventures. (Austin American-Statesman). East Texas: Unified Patents estimates a federal court in Marshall known as a national hub for patent lawsuits could see a drop of 1,000 cases a year from a U.S. Supreme Court decision restricting where those suits can be filed. (Law360; subscription required). Who's getting hired and promoted? Faulkner Design Group named Michelle Duncum chief operating officer. Frost-Dallas promoted Tracy Broughton to senior vice president of corporate banking in Plano. Gardere Wynne Sewell LLP names Frank Wright partner and C. Ashley Ellis senior attorney. Haynes and Boone LLP named Michael DePompei partner in the Dallas office. See this week's full list of executive changes. Before you go ... Vote in our poll: This week, U.S. and European Union leaders agreed to keep talking before expanding a laptop ban on air travel from European countries to the states. Tell us what you think. Follow DFW stocks: See how top North Texas stocks performed, as well as the oil and gas markets and major stock exchanges. DFW Top 100 Places to Work 2016: The Dallas Morning News and Workplace Dynamics partner each year to feature the Top 100 workplaces, based on ratings by the people who work at them. The 2017 ranking is in progress. That's all for today! For up-to-the-minute business news and analysis, check out DallasNews.com/Business. Share the love: If you like this newsletter, please forward this email to a friend and check out our other newsletters here. Do you have feedback on this newsletter? Send your thoughts, questions, praise and corrections to our Business Editor Paul O'Donnell at podonnell@dallasnews.com. View Comments Tags Economy Retail Real Estate Energy Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. 6 articles left Get Unlimited Digital Access Subscribe Now Already a subscriber?Or Login Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
    Home | About | Archives | Sponsorship | Contact Us | Submit / Suggest            Wal-Mart Works To Close Gap Between Itself And Amazon by Anne D'Innocenzio, Associated Press Posted: Friday, June 2, 2017 at 3:41PM EDT HOBOKEN, N.J. -- Even after an online spending spree, it may be hard for Wal-Mart to escape the Amazon in the room. Wal-Mart's acquisition of Jet.com and brands that appeal to younger shoppers have given it an e-commerce boost as it works to close the gap between itself and the online leader. The world's largest retailer is betting on essentials like cereal and diapers, and has adjusted its shipping strategy to better compete with Amazon's Prime program. But Amazon keeps innovating too, implementing new technology and trying to make shopping more convenient. Marc Lore, a co-founder of Jet.com who is now head of Wal-Mart's U.S. online operations, says he's confident about the company's momentum and that there's plenty of room for it to thrive. To read the rest of the story, please go to: Associated Press Print Article Send Article Respond Permalink Share Article   del.icio.us   Facebook   Newsvine   LinkedIn   Reddit   StumbleUpon   Twitter Bakery  Dairy  Deli  Floral   Meat & Poultry  Produce  Seafood  Retail & Foodsvc             Got News? Send your latest press releases and announcements to RetailPR@PerishableNews.com © 2017 Phoenix Media Network Inc., All Rights Reserved
Home News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military USO Warrior Week National Strange News Opioid Addiction International Politics On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Obituaries Livestreaming Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Work for Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com 72° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 89° F Lo: 65° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog 2 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military USO Warrior Week National Strange News Opioid Addiction International Politics On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Obituaries Livestreaming Latest Headlines Virginia Beach 7-Eleven on Diamond Spring Rd. robbed at gunpoint Updated: 26 mins ago Police are investigating an armed robbery of a 7-Eleven in 1900 block of Diamond Springs Road, Sunday evening. Community remembers Hampton man killed in triple shooting Updated: 44 mins ago Family and friends of a man shot and killed in a triple shooting in Hampton remembered his life on Sunday. Michael Vick brings elite youth showcase back home to Hampton Roads Updated: 36 mins ago Canadian man mows lawn with tornado behind him June 4, 2017 Virginia ranks 15th in US in reported cases of human trafficking June 4, 2017 Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Current Conditions 72° F Scattered Clouds Feels Like: 72° F Wind: SSW 13 Humidity: 84% Dewpoint: 67° F Sunrise: 5:46 AM Sunset: 8:20 PM Hampton Roads Weather Forecast Radar Sponsored by: Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides Latest Headlines Curry, Durant lead Warriors to 2-0 lead with 132-113 rout Updated: 31 mins ago Steph Curry registered a triple-double, while Kevin Durant put up another monster night, leading the Warriors past the Cavaliers as the seri… Johnson extends track record with 11th win at Dover Updated: 36 mins ago Kyle Larson led Jimmie Johnson by three seconds with four laps left, until the final caution flag flew. Michael Vick brings elite youth showcase back home to Hampton Roads Updated: 43 mins ago NASCAR Monster Energy Cup-AAA 400 Drive for Autism Results Updated: 6 mins ago NASCAR Monster Energy Cup-AAA 400 Drive for Autism Results Updated: 6 mins ago HR Show HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Latest Headlines Live Music Friday: Romonta June 2, 2017 PORTSMOUTH, Va. (WAVY) – The smooth sounds of Romonta filled The Hampton Roads Show studio.  It’s always great to have him as our Live Music… The Funny Bone: Leonard Ouzts June 2, 2017 PORTSMOUTH, Va. (WAVY) – Comedian Leonard Ouzts is headlining at the Virginia Beach Funny Bone this weekend and he stopped by to goof off wi… Audience: Boardwalk Art Show June 2, 2017 In The Kitchen: Duck Donuts June 2, 2017 IAHR: Josh Hill June 1, 2017 Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Work for Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com Search for: Search the site 72° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 89° F Lo: 65° F 2 men, 4 juveniles charged in Newport News police chase By Emily Satchell Published: June 2, 2017, 3:49 pm Updated: June 2, 2017, 3:56 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Jafay Moore, Khari Pender (Photos: Newport News police) NEWPORT NEWS, Va. (WAVY) — Two men and four juveniles have been charged in connection to two incidents Wednesday in Newport News. Virginia State Police say a trooper tried to stop a vehicle going 90 miles per hour in a 60 miles per hour zone Wednesday on I-64 near J. Clyde Morris Boulevard. The trooper ran the vehicle’s tags and found that the car had been stolen. The driver took off and a pursuit began. Around 6:30 a.m., at the Wal-Mart in the 6000 block of Jefferson Avenue, Newport News police say a detective spotted three men get into a car that matched the description from the incident on I-64. Additional officers responded to the scene, one of which stopped the suspect vehicle from leaving the Wal-Mart parking lot. Police say the officer got out of the cruiser and the suspect car rammed into the police vehicle. Three people in the car got out and were taken into custody. Officers found two handguns while they were apprehending the suspects. The 2014 Toyota Corolla had been reported stolen in Suffolk, according to police. Suspects in custody after police chase stolen car in Newport News Three hours later, officers found another stolen vehicle in the 5800 block of Marshall Avenue in Newport News. The driver took off and ended up hitting a tree while turning onto Gloucester Drive. After the crash, three people in the vehicle jumped out and ran from the scene. Officers caught up with two of them. Police said the two incidents were believed to be related and on Friday, authorities announced six arrests in the case. 19-year-old Jafay Moore, of Newport News, is charged with pointing/brandishing a firearm, burglary, possession of stolen property with intent to sell, grand larceny and conspiracy to commit a felony. 19-year-old Khari Pender, of Newport News is charged with receiving a stolen firearm or aiding in concealing a stolen firearm. Police also arrested four juveniles: A 15-year-old Newport News male | Charged with grand larceny of an auto A 14-year-old Hampton male | Charged with possession of a stolen auto A 15-year-old Newport News male | Charged with brandishing a firearm, possession of a firearm by a minor and grand larceny of a firearm A 15-year-old Newport News male | Charged with possession of stolen property (auto) Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Suspects in custody after police chase stolen car in Newport News Several teens arrested for Suffolk vehicle break-ins Pursuit of stolen vehicle ends at Newport News Wal-Mart Gunshots damage two vehicles in Newport News Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WAVY.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WAVY-TV © 1998-2017 WAVY.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Traffic Sports Experts HR Show More Advertise Advertise with Us Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report WVBT EEO Report Children’s TV Report FCC Public File Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Stay Connected WAVY Weather App WAVY News App Email Alerts Text Alerts ReportIt Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook Companies Big US Companies Stay on White House Panel Despite Climate Jolt Companies Big US Companies Stay on White House Panel Despite Climate Jolt By Reuters | June 2, 2017 AT 3:25 PM Last Updated: June 2, 2017 3:33 pm President Donald Trump arrives to announce his decision that the United States will withdraw from the landmark Paris Climate Agreement, in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington on June 1, 2017. (REUTERS/Joshua Roberts) WASHINGTON—Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and IBM Corp., on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump’s withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from some world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc. Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co. CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump’s move. “Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world,” Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump’s manufacturing jobs council. SpaceX CEO Elon Musk unveils the Falcon Heavy rocket at the National Press Club in Washington on April 5, 2011. (NICHOLAS KAMM/AFP/Getty Images) Asked about CEOs’ criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, said he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was “disappointed in today’s news about the Paris Agreement. We think it’s important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.” (Chris Hondros/Getty Images) IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. “IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration—as we do with governments around the world,” a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump’s decision, but suggested in a statement on Friday that he would not step down from Trump’s business group. “I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people’s lives and protect our environment,” Dimon said. PepsiCo Inc. Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is “disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table.” ‘Let’s Get a Better Deal’   Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. Director of the White House National Economic Council Gary Cohn, White House Chief Strategist Stephen Bannon and Chief of Staff Reince Priebus (L-R) wait in the Rose Garden prior to President Donald Trump announcing his decision on whether the U.S. will remain in the Paris Climate Agreement, at the White House in Washington on June 1, 2017. (REUTERS/Joshua Roberts) In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration’s efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. Related Coverage Trump Announces US Withdrawal From Paris Climate Accord “If we can grow our economy, we’re going to consume more and more products,” he said. “We’re going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption.” Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have “a statistically insignificant impact on the environment.” “If you really cared about that piece, and you’re one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say ‘let’s get a better deal,'” she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Related Coverage Trump Hails Signing of Deals Worth ‘Billions’ With Vietnam Blackrock Inc. Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump’s business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co. said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co’s new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc. CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump’s immigration policies. Editor’s Picks Food Stamps, Work, and Dignity We’re All Environmentalists Now The Dark Origins of Communism: Part 2 of 3 Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in CompaniesUS Companies Sign Billions in Deals With VietnamNo Better Time to Be an EntrepreneurNestle Creating 2,900 Jobs in Latin AmericaInsects Are Making Their Way Into the American Diet Latest in Business Companies US Companies Sign Billions in Deals With Vietnam Canada No Better Time to Be an Entrepreneur Companies Nestle Creating 2,900 Jobs in Latin America Economies Liberals Launch Contest for $950M ‘Supercluster’ Plan to Boost Innovation Companies Insects Are Making Their Way Into the American Diet China Business & Economy Beijing Crackdown Cuts Chinese Investments in US Assets Markets TV Advertising Unfazed by Growth of Digital Canada Bank of Canada Cautious as Strong Economic Growth Expected to Moderate Companies Ford Names James Hackett CEO to Shake up Operations × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
facebook twitter tumblr pinterest instagram rss Footwear News Subscribe Skip to content Toggle navigation Latest Influencers Fashion Business Runway FN Spy Focus Women’s Men’s Children Athletic & Outdoor Opinion & Analysis FN Home Focus Athletic & Outdoor Walmart Thinks It Will Sell $25 Million Worth of These Light-Up Sneakers in 2017 By Riley Jones / June 2, 2017 Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Walmart light-up sneakers Walmart Are light-up sneakers going to be a money-making trend this year? Walmart’s banking on it. Ahead of the retail giant’s shareholder meeting today at the University of Arkansas, Walmart chief merchandising officer Steve Bratspies outlined the company’s plan to focus on illuminating shoes. Related 7 Best Multicolor Sneakers for Pride Month Out Now According to The Washington Post, Bratspies says Walmart plans to sell 1.25 million pairs of the sneakers in 2017 for a total of $25 million. “Flashlight sneakers. These are a huge trend we’re betting on this year,” Bratspies reportedly said. The shoes are slated to release next month in black, gray, pink and white styles with blue, green and purple LED lights, according to the Post. They’re rechargeable with a USB cable and boast up to eight hours of lighting. A retail price of around $19.97 is expected for the sneakers, which Bratspies says is a fraction of what “the biggest national brands” charge for similar designs. This isn’t the first recent foray into budget-priced light-up footwear. Former NBA player Stephon Marbury has his own line of Starbury Elite Lightup shoes, which were released in November for $49.98. Want more? Controversial Border Adjustment Tax Pits Target CEO Against Former Walmart Chief Walmart Beckons Entrepreneurs With Latest ‘Made in America’ Push Why Walmart Is Pulling Out All the Stops to Compete With Amazon — Sign up for the FN Newsletter — Business, Focus, Athletic & Outdoor, Retail, Sneakers, North America, Sneakers, Walmart Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Post navigation ← ‘Cars 3’ Launches Fashion Pit Stop Experiential Pop-Up Shop at Sportie LA Kristin Cavallari Lists Chicago Mansion for $4.75M — And Foodies Will Love Her Pro Kitchen → Featured Gallery Celebrity Statement Shoes: June 2017 ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Around The Web Latest Publication Footwear News 05/30/2017 Read Now Common, Peter Cramer Honored at 16th Annual Chrysalis Butterfly… Fear TWD Showrunner Breaks Down [Spoiler]'s 'Inevitable' Demise… 'The Leftovers' Finale: Damon Lindelof & Justin Theroux On What… Bernice Burgos Dances In Bikini To Chris Brown's Music — Is She… NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers… Contact Us About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Newsletters The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife Deadline TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD © 2017 Fairchild Publishing, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. FN and Footwear News are registered trademarks of Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP ad
EDITION US NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Horoscopes VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero Good News VIDEO NEWSLETTERS FEATURED OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Retire Well Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit WorldPost MORE Books Candidate Confessional College Crime Divorce Eat the Press Education Green Outspeak Religion Small Business Sports Teen Weddings Arabi Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Greece India Italia Japan Korea Maghreb México Québec South Africa United Kingdom United States Close POLITICS 06/02/2017 01:40 pm ET | Updated 2 days ago Big Business Blasts Donald Trump's Decision To Exit Paris Climate Accord Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg called the move “bad for the environment" and "bad for the economy." By Chris D'Angelo WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump said Thursday that his decision to pull the U.S. out of the historic Paris Agreement on climate change would protect American workers and the U.S. economy.  Trump, who prides himself on his business savvy, called the accord the “latest example of Washington entering into an agreement that disadvantages the United States.” And he said it leaves “American workers, who I love, and taxpayers to absorb the cost in terms of lost jobs, lower wages, shuttered factories and vastly diminished economic production.” Many American businesses, however, were swift to condemn Trump’s decision, saying it will have the exact opposite effect.  In a post on LinkedIn, Brad Smith, president and chief legal officer of Microsoft Corp., said “continued U.S. participation benefits U.S. businesses and the economy in important and multiple ways,” including strengthening competitiveness and creating new markets for clean technologies.  “And by strengthening global action over time, the Agreement reduces future climate damage to people and organizations around the world,” Smith wrote. We’re disappointed with the decision to exit the Paris Agreement. Microsoft remains committed to doing our part to achieve its goals.— Brad Smith (@BradSmi) June 1, 2017 Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg said withdrawing is “bad for the environment, bad for the economy, and it puts our children’s future at risk.” Tackling the climate crisis, he added, can only happen via a global effort. PepsiCo Inc., whose CEO, Indra Nooyi, sits on Trump’s business advisory council, called climate change “one of the most important issues of our time” and said the climate agreement “was designed as a framework to help protect our planet while also spurring innovation and economic growth in participating countries.”  PepsiCo statement on Paris accord (CEO Indra Nooyi is on Trump's business council) pic.twitter.com/qwv1AVLDQM— Kate H. Taylor (@Kate_H_Taylor) June 2, 2017 Jamie Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan Chase, told HuffPost in an email, “I absolutely disagree with the Administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people’s lives and protect our environment.” Walmart President and CEO Doug McMillon said Walmart would continue to lead on renewable energy and work toward cutting emissions. “It’s the right thing to do for our customers, our business, and the environment,” he said in a Facebook post.   In November, hundreds of U.S. companies demanded in an open letter that Trump keep America’s promise to the world and remain in the Paris pact. They warned that failing to do so “puts American prosperity at risk” and pledged to do their part to work toward the goals agreed to under the international accord, namely cutting carbon emissions in an effort to ward off the worst effects of global climate change.  “We want the US economy to be energy efficient and powered by low-carbon energy,” reads the letter, which has now been signed by about 1,000 companies and investors. “Cost-effective and innovative solutions can help us achieve these objectives.” Nike, eBay and The North Face, who were among the notable companies to sign onto the letter initially, expressed disappointment with Trump’s decision Thursday.   Nike responds to withdrawal from Paris Climate Accord $nke pic.twitter.com/MaTnBA3JGs— Sara Eisen (@SaraEisen) June 1, 2017 Disappointed by decision on Paris Agreement. Facts and science matter. Won't change @eBay commitment to do our part on climate change.— Devin Wenig (@devinwenig) June 1, 2017 #ParisAgreement pic.twitter.com/A0aSnIZINz— The North Face (@thenorthface) June 1, 2017 Even fossil fuel giants Exxon Mobil, BP, Chevron and Royal Dutch Shell had warned Trump against a withdrawal.  In a statement Thursday, BP’s senior vice president of U.S. communications said the company has “long supported” the agreement and hopes the Trump administration “follows through with its intention to find a way for the U.S. to re-enter the accord ― or another mechanism for addressing the global climate challenge ― rather than to walk away from it entirely.” “BP continues to believe that it’s possible to provide the world the energy it needs and achieve economic growth while also helping to transition the world to lower-carbon forms of energy.” Chevron spokeswoman Melissa Ritchie told The Telegraph that her company “supports continuing with the Paris Agreement as it offers a first step towards a global framework.” Our support for the #ParisAgreement is well known. We will continue to do our part providing more & cleaner energy. https://t.co/j5i0EQDzFi— Shell Oil Company (@Shell_US) June 1, 2017 Robert Iger, the chairman and CEO of The Walt Disney Company, and Elon Musk, the billionaire founder of Tesla and SpaceX, both announced Thursday that they will leave Trump’s advisory council, citing his decision on the Paris Agreement. As a matter of principle, I've resigned from the President's Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal.— Robert Iger (@RobertIger) June 1, 2017 Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world.— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) June 1, 2017 Here’s how other companies and business executives have responded to Trump’s decision.  Decision to withdraw from the #ParisAgreeement was wrong for our planet. Apple is committed to fight climate change and we will never waver.— Tim Cook (@tim_cook) June 2, 2017 Disappointed with today’s decision. Google will keep working hard for a cleaner, more prosperous future for all.— Sundar Pichai (@sundarpichai) June 1, 2017 We believe climate change is an urgent issue that demands global action. We remain committed to doing our part. https://t.co/Gfu7P2ESlL— Satya Nadella (@satyanadella) June 1, 2017 General Motors issues its response to President Trump's decision to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement. pic.twitter.com/h3rvBHCn0j— Nathan Bomey (@NathanBomey) June 1, 2017 Read @IBM's statement on the administration's decision to withdraw from the #ParisAgreement: https://t.co/Vuo48uw2oB pic.twitter.com/XCmCsXJqE1— IBMPolicy (@IBMpolicy) June 1, 2017 Disappointed with today’s decision on the Paris Agreement. Climate change is real. Industry must now lead and not depend on government.— Jeff Immelt (@JeffImmelt) June 1, 2017 Today's decision is a setback for the environment and for the U.S.'s leadership position in the world. #ParisAgreement— Lloyd Blankfein (@lloydblankfein) June 1, 2017 Dow/Screenshot Ryan Grenoble contributed reporting. This article has been updated with more responses. Do you have information you want to share with HuffPost? Here’s how. ALSO ON HUFFPOST Climate Visuals For The Climate Change Denier In Your Life Climate Visuals For The Climate Change Denier In Your Life 1 of 6 Our carbon footprint says it all. This graph shows the concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, as measured at Mauna Loa Observatory in Hawaii, from 1958 to today. In September, scientists at Mauna Loa announced that C02 levels had likely surpassed the threshold of 400 parts per million permanently. Share this slide: Scripps Institution of Oceanography Suggest a correction Chris D'Angelo Reporter, HuffPost MORE: Donald Trump Climate Change Sustainability Paris Energy Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW POLITICS How will Trump’s administration impact you? Learn more Newsletter 2.1 M 1.31 M 479 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat Big Business Blasts Donald Trump's Decision To Exit Paris Climate Accord CONVERSATIONS ABOUT US ADVERTISE About Our Ads Contact Us RSS FAQ Careers Archive User Agreement Privacy Policy Comment Policy Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost • HPMG News
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, June 04, 2017, 11:27 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / PHOTOS/VIDEO: At shareholders meeting, Wal-Mart CEO says traditional retailing roots a competitive advantage By The Associated Press This article was originally published June 2, 2017 at 12:50 p.m. Updated June 2, 2017 at 1:52 p.m. PHOTO BY JASON IVESTER Doug McMillon, chief executive officer and president, talks on stage during the annual Wal-Mart Shareholders Meeting on Friday, June 3, 2016, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville. Comment (1) aAFont Size Click here for larger versions Photos by Jason Ivester FAYETTEVILLE — Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon is touting the company's traditional retailing roots as a competitive advantage as it seeks to take sales away from online giant Amazon at a time of industry upheaval. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders' meeting, McMillon highlighted a range of approaches Wal-Mart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also made serious investments in its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites. McMillon and other executives also highlighted the company's investments in higher wages and training for its employees. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," McMillon told a cheering audience."We will be people-led and tech-empowered." [VIDEO: Click here to watch full shareholders meeting in larger version] The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as Walmart's moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. Wal-Mart's online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world's largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the 11th straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the 10th quarter in a row. About 14,000 people packed the arena, including Wal-Mart workers from around the world as well as shareholders, analysts and several members of the founding Walton family. Gwen Stefani, Mary J. Blige, Ne-Yo and The Band Perry performed while Blake Shelton, Stefani's boyfriend and co-star from The Voice, served as host. McMillon highlighted the company's efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and "Jet Fresh" delivery, which provides grocery delivery in one-two days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company's acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. "The historic trade-off between price and service doesn't really exist anymore," McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Wal-Mart said Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Wal-Mart's U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations about employees excelling at their jobs, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Wal-Mart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. Both comments prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, S.C., thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But "too many of us are still part-time," she said. "Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can't plan our lives, or line up a second job." Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, N.C., urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. "Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children," Davis said. Blake Jackson, a Wal-Mart spokesman, said the company's leave policies for hourly workers are significantly better than most of the industry. Read Saturday's Arkansas Democrat-Gazette for full details. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News UPDATED CRIME MAP: 5 auto thefts, 4 burglarie... Officials respond to possible drowning at Lit... Man finds 12 goats killed on Arkansas propert... 3 ex-Penn State officials get jail terms in S... PHOTOS/VIDEO: At shareholders meeting, Wal-Ma... Little Rock mayor says city still committed t... Fordyce's Billy Ferrell hoping to add an Arka... Wrong number text leads couple to free Stanle... Police: Burglar uses 'large boulder' to break... Comment on: PHOTOS/VIDEO: At shareholders meeting, Wal-Mart CEO says traditional retailing roots a competitive advantage To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. Displaying 1 - 1 of 1 total comment hurricane46 says... June 2, 2017 at 7:24 p.m. If they paid their employees as much as they pay these stars to show up they would all be happy. ( permalink | suggest removal ) page 1 To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 'Executive privilege' to quiet Comey called an option (29 comments) Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (32 comments) 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack (6 comments) Pulled from reality (4 comments) 2 leaders affirm climate pledges (2 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (35 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
GoSearch Replay: News at 11 News 3 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WTKR.com Menu News Good News Health Taking Action Sports Coast Live Contests Team 3 Events WGNT Traffic Weather 72° 72° Low 71° High 88° Mon 68° 82° Tue 63° 79° Wed 61° 75° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Four teens, two adults arrested in Newport News stolen vehicle incidents Posted 1:38 pm, June 2, 2017, by Becca Mitchell Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email NEWPORT NEWS, Va. – Six people have been arrested after an investigation into multiple stolen vehicles and weapons offenses in Newport News. Around 6:30 a.m. on Wednesday, after being notified of a Virginia State Police investigation involving a stolen vehicle, a Newport News Police detective spotted three men get into a vehicle in the parking lot of the Walmart at 6111 Jefferson Avenue that matched the description of the vehicle in the VSP investigation. The detective called for assistance and additional officers responded. The vehicle attempted to leave the Walmart parking lot through a one-way entrance just as a marked police unit was entering the entrance. The police vehicle blocked the path of the suspect’s vehicle and the officer got out of his car. The suspect’s car then rammed into the police vehicle. The three suspects got out of the vehicle and were taken into custody. The vehicle had been reported stolen out of Suffolk. Two handguns were also found while taking the suspects into custody. Around 9:30 a.m. that morning, officers found a vehicle in the 5800 block of Marshall Avenue that had been reported stolen. The car accelerated and made a left turn onto Gloucester Drive and hit a tree. Three people got out of the car and ran. Two were apprehended at the time and a third was later apprehended. A total of six arrests were made across the incidents. Four of the arrested suspects are juveniles — three 15-year-old males, and one 14-year-old male. Khari Pender, 19, was charged with Receipt or Aid in Concealing a Firearm. Jafay Moore, 19, was charged with Pointing/Brandishing a Firearm, Burglary, Possession of Stolen Property, Grand Larceny, Conspiracy to Commit a Felony. Photo Gallery View Gallery (2 images) 37.087082 -76.473012 Filed in: News Topics: Newport News, stolen vehicles Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Southern Bank News 3’s Proud Community Partner! Popular Citizens in one Virginia town warned to boil water indefinitely Man dies after swimming with new tattoo NASA postpones early light show from rocket launch at NASA Wallops Local police departments warn card holders of skimmers on ATMs and gas pumps Latest News First Warning Forecast: Tracking showers and storms to start your work week Former dog owner says she warned FHRC of pit bull’s aggression before it killed a 91-year-old woman ODU Football brings out top-tier schools for College Exposure camp Man stabbed after verbal altercation in Virginia Beach News Police arrest Newport News burglary suspects, recover over 200 stolen items News Police chase stolen vehicle in Newport News News Four apprehended in Chesapeake after stolen car chase News Three teenagers arrested in kidnapping and killing of 6-year-old boy News Several teens arrested in connection to Suffolk car break-ins News Driver apprehended after Newport News police chase News Three arrested in connection to carjacking in Virginia Beach Food Lion parking lot News Arrest made, additional suspect wanted in Hampton shooting News Body found in submerged vehicle at Deep Creek Marina in Newport News News In Mississippi, 3 teens charged in boy’s death are denied bond News Felon on meth holds family hostage, kidnaps woman, shoots two police officers and K-9 News Authorities searching for escaped inmate in Newport News News One dead, two in critical condition after Newport News crash Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App WTKR Weather Android App WTKR Weather iPhone App Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 720 Boush Street, Norfolk, VA 23510 • Copyright © 2017, WTKR • A Dreamcatcher station operated by Tribune Broadcasting • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The Colorado Springs GazetteThe Gazette is Colorado Springs's most trusted source for breaking news, sports, weather, obituaries, politics, business, art, entertainment, blogs, video, photos. Save this content for laterSave this content on your device for later, even while offline Sign in with GoogleSign in with your Google account Sign in with FacebookSign in with your Facebook account Close Search Fewer ads, faster browsing SUBSCRIBE TODAY! Subscribe Login Sun, Jun 4, 2017 News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Photo/Video Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Child hospitalized following shooting in northeast Colorado Springs Colorado Springs wildfire preparedness meeting planned for Tuesday Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Top Sports Stories Gazette Preps Peak Performers Paul Klee Woody Paige David Ramsey Air Force Academy Broncos Colorado College Baseball Olympics Switchbacks FC Brent Briggeman's Blog Scott Kaniewski's Blog Paul Klee's Blog Joe Paisley's Blog David Ramsey's Blog Matt Wiley's Blog Navy standout safety says he's transferring a month after pro policy change Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Will the U.S. Olympic Museum propel the long-sought makeover of Colorado Springs' southwest downtown area? Vectrus CEO: Strategy is two innings into nine-inning game Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight In bug museum's 65th year, John May's descendents carry on his Colorado Springs legacy Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Saturday, June 3 Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Must See Must Do: Test the waters at Uncle Wilber Fountain, run in the mud, celebrate a headless chicken Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Sunday, June 4 Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Switchbacks midfielder Rony Argueta talk about his game-winning goal Fort Carson Teddy Bear Clinic to help "injured" animals in Colorado Springs Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Shop Local Businesses Shop Local Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Politics Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News 2017 Graduation View galleries for local high schools and colleges News: Local News Historic Colorado School for The Deaf and The Blind receiving major updates Sun, Jun 4, 2017 - 1:14 PM 0 The historic, collegiate gothic architecture of the Colorado School for The Deaf and The Blind is taking on an "in with the old, in with the new" look.... Role of Colorado Springs Sky Sox could shift with Brewers a surprise contender Sun, Jun 4, 2017 - 7:57 PM 0 The collection of talent populating the Sky Sox roster – and sprinkled throughout Milwaukee’s system – can be traced in large part to a sell-off mode that set the stage... Navy standout safety says he's transferring a month after pro policy change Woody Paige: Broncos QB situation could have been even more of a jumbled mess Politics About 100 gather in downtown Colorado Springs to protest against Trump's withdrawal of Paris climate accord Sun, Jun 4, 2017 - 8:50 PM 0 A Colorado Springs protest against President Donald Trump's recent decision to pull America out of an international climate pact drew about 100 people... Colorado Springs woman arrested in toddler-on-toddler shooting Sun, Jun 4, 2017 - 2:40 PM A 30-year-old woman has been arrested in connection with a toddler-on-toddler shooting inside a... Islamic State said to claim responsibility for London attack Sun, Jun 4, 2017 - 6:13 PM 0 LONDON — A news agency affiliated with Islamic State claimed Sunday that the militant group... Latest Local Shoving match at Colorado Springs teen party ends with multiple injuries By: Chhun Sun - 6 hr ago Colorado woman seeks release before pipeline protest shooting trial By: The Associated Press - 9 hr ago Voice of the Consumer: Amazon scam entices the unwary By: Betty Sexton - 9 hr ago Colorado Springs' largest class of police recruits will ease department's staffing issues By: Kaitlin Durbin - 15 hr ago In bug museum's 65th year, John May's descendents carry on his Colorado Springs legacy By: Seth Boster - 15 hr ago Update: Missing 'at-risk' girl safely returned to family in Colorado Springs By: Chhun Sun - 16 hr ago Sunday's forecast: Sunshine to hit Colorado Springs with no chance of rain By: Chhun Sun - 16 hr ago Top Stories Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US By: DARLENE SUPERVILLE, Associated Press - 2 hr ago Curry, Durant lead Warriors to 2-0 lead By: JANIE McCAULEY , AP Sports Writer - 2 hr ago Right-wing free speech rally draws massive counter-protests in Portland By: Leah Sottile, The Washington Post - 4 hr ago 'Oi, terrorists, cowards!' Fighting back in London's chaos By: GREGORY KATZ and LORI HINNANT , Associated Press - 7 hr ago Trump criticizes London mayor after latest attack on city By: DARLENE SUPERVILLE , Associated Press - 7 hr ago Grande, Bieber, Katy Perry sing at Manchester benefit show By: HILARY FOX & MESFIN FEKADU, AP Music Writer - 8 hr ago Police arrest 12 after night of terror in heart of London By: GREGORY KATZ, DANICA KIRKA and JILL LAWLESS, Associated Press - 9 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries Big Dog Brag Mud Run 2017 Calhan High School Graduation May Natural History Museum 2017 Community Prep High School Graduation 2017 The Career Building Academy Graduation 7 Colorado destinations with a wild, wild past 2017 Colorado School for the Deaf and the Blind Graduation Peak Performers 2016-17 7 Colorado destinations that offer thrills, chills A Look Back 11 summer events not to miss in Colorado Springs Memorial Day at Evergreen Cemetery 2017 MeadowGrass Music Festival 2017 Cheyenne Mountain High School Graduation 2017 Peyton High School Graduation 2017 Woodland Park High School Graduation 2017 Hanover High School Graduation 2017 Vista Ridge High School Graduation 2017 Sand Creek High School Graduation 2017 Falcon High School Graduation 2017 The Classical Academy Graduation 2017 Fountain Valley School Graduation 2017 Thomas MacLaren School Graduation 2017 Fountain-Fort Carson High School graduation 2017 Evangelical Christian Academy Graduation 2017 Colorado Springs Early Colleges Graduation 2017 The Bijou School Graduation 2017 Civa Charter High School Graduation Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 6 hr ago Shoving match at Colorado Springs teen party ends with multiple injuries 9 hr ago Colorado woman seeks release before pipeline protest shooting trial 9 hr ago Voice of the Consumer: Amazon scam entices the unwary 15 hr ago Colorado Springs' largest class of police recruits will ease department's staffing issues 15 hr ago In bug museum's 65th year, John May's descendents carry on his Colorado Springs legacy 16 hr ago Update: Missing 'at-risk' girl safely returned to family in Colorado Springs 16 hr ago Sunday's forecast: Sunshine to hit Colorado Springs with no chance of rain Most Read Transgender Air Force Academy graduate denied commission while Pentagon reviews guidelines Identity released of 18-year-old who died in Saturday morning Black Forest crash One man shot multiple times at Shades of Colorado Springs event Argument might have caused El Paso County rollover that killed a woman, 20 Parking business booming for Manitou Incline friendly neighbor 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Uber driver, who is a former CU student, to death Two men, 23 and 82, dead after head-on crash near Peyton Large vehicle fire shuts down I-25 in Denver Blog: Hat toss, Thunderbirds cap 2017 graduation ceremony On what would have been his graduation day, Lewis-Palmer teen remembered for big stature, bigger heart Sports 1 hr ago Pitching again carries Colorado Springs Sky Sox in victory 2 hr ago Curry, Durant lead Warriors to 2-0 lead 5 hr ago Steve Kerr will coach Golden State in Game 2 of the NBA Finals after missing 11 games because of back problems 12 hr ago Former major leaguer Jim Piersall dies at 87, Red Sox say 13 hr ago Defending champion Muguruza loses in French Open's 4th round to France's Mladenovic Yesterday Last-minute goal gives Colorado Springs Switchbacks important lift, USL win over OKC Yesterday Will the U.S. Olympic Museum propel the long-sought makeover of Colorado Springs' southwest downtown area? Business 2 hr ago Q&A: Internet extremism and how to combat it 5 hr ago Linda Leitz: Don't rely on books for financial advice 5 hr ago Jim Flynn: Research service contracts on vehicles 6 hr ago Warren Buffett's annual lunch auction starts Sunday evening 9 hr ago 'Wonder Woman' conquers milestone with $100.5 million debut 11 hr ago Insider Q&A: Drug industry learns to listen to patients 11 hr ago Convenience store Dawa agrees to change name after Wawa suit Opinion 7 hr ago EDITORIAL: 'Racist' Paris decision may end life on earth Sun, Jun 4, 2017 LETTERS: Hard-earned recognition; selective hearing syndrome Fri, Jun 2, 2017 EDITORIAL: Abusers of freedom behead free speech Fri, Jun 2, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Make roads and bridges a priority Fri, Jun 2, 2017 LETTERS: Students gaming the system; a preconceived act Fri, Jun 2, 2017 EDITORIAL: Law will create equal opportunities for children Wed, May 31, 2017 EDITORIAL: VA failed to save a local vet in need Around the Web 1 hr ago Massive crack in Antarctica ice shelf grows 11 miles in only 6 days 1 hr ago Man flashing money on Facebook Live arrested on drug charges 4 hr ago Right-wing free speech rally draws massive counter-protests in Portland 4 hr ago Fake Cheesecake Factory sign sparks buzz in New Mexico city 4 hr ago Disgruntled man releases bedbugs in Maine city office 10 hr ago Solo climber is 1st up Yosemite's El Capitan without ropes Yesterday Papa John's employees accused of selling cocaine out of the store Latest Videos Fort Carson Teddy Bear Clinic to help "injured" animals in Colorado Springs Pikes Peak region forecast Care and Share ramps up its Summer Mobile Food Pantries program in Colorado Springs Weather Forecasts Improve But Under the Radar Raw: Jet Set to Launch Rockets Into Space Debuts Police Release Tiger Woods' DUI Arrest Video Denver Donut Shop Tests Drone Delivery I-25 Truck Fire Snarls Traffic Near Denver This week in GO! Between the Lines: Colorado Springs veteran's suicide prompts Congress to act Helpful tips for your Must See Must Do Weekend Colorado Springs plans Raw: Rolling Thunder Salutes Missing in Action Sports Latest Sports Pitching again carries Colorado Springs Sky Sox in victory1 hr ago Curry, Durant lead Warriors to 2-0 lead2 hr ago Former major leaguer Jim Piersall dies at 87, Red Sox say12 hr ago Last-minute goal gives Colorado Springs Switchbacks important lift, USL win over OKCYesterday Broncos Broncos safety Will Parks facing domestic violence charges Fri, Jun 2, 2017 Broncos linebackers love beefed-up D-lineFri, Jun 2, 2017 Broncos say Shaq Barrett is out several months with bad hipWed, May 31, 2017 Paul Klee: In choosing Denver Broncos' quarterback, decision must come sooner rather than laterWed, May 31, 2017 Photo Galleries Peak Performers 2016-17 Air Academy v. Valor Christian. 4A State Boys' Baseball. Girls 4A State Golf Final day of Colorado State Track 2017 4A State Swimming Championship Day 1-Colorado State Track 2017 Windsor 3 Lewis-Palmer 2 Nine straight titles for Cheyenne Mountain 4A State Tennis Finals 4A Girls' State Tennis Boys Lacrosse Lewis-Palmer v. Chaparral Girls Golf: 2017 4A Regional Doherty Spartan Invitational Girls Tennis: 2017 3A Regional Tournament Colorado Springs Switchbacks v. Tulsa Roughnecks Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: 'Racist' Paris decision may end life on earth7 hr ago EDITORIAL: Abusers of freedom behead free speechFri, Jun 2, 2017 EDITORIAL: Law will create equal opportunities for childrenFri, Jun 2, 2017 EDITORIAL: VA failed to save a local vet in needWed, May 31, 2017 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Hard-earned recognition; selective hearing syndrome1 hr ago LETTERS: Students gaming the system; a preconceived actFri, Jun 2, 2017 LETTERS: Appreciation for nature; a great change in leadershipWed, May 31, 2017 LETTERS: AFA grads legacy; beautiful bells in downtownTue, May 30, 2017 Columns GUEST COLUMN: Make roads and bridges a priorityFri, Jun 2, 2017 Loss of legal services would threaten foundations of democracyTue, May 30, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Chairman Ajit Pai is draining the FCC swampFri, May 26, 2017 COLUMN: Public pipeline maps are a bad ideaFri, May 26, 2017 Local News Local News Colorado woman seeks release before pipeline protest shooting trial9 hr ago Voice of the Consumer: Amazon scam entices the unwary9 hr ago Colorado Springs' largest class of police recruits will ease department's staffing issues15 hr ago In bug museum's 65th year, John May's descendents carry on his Colorado Springs legacy15 hr ago Local and State Politics Virtue of Colorado's new autonomous vehicles law: They "can't drive drunk"Fri, Jun 2, 2017 Colorado veterans now can turn military experience into college creditsFri, Jun 2, 2017 Gardner meets with Philippine President Duterte during Pacific Rim tourFri, Jun 2, 2017 Colorado toughens penalties for texting while drivingFri, Jun 2, 2017 Local Business Will the U.S. Olympic Museum propel the long-sought makeover of Colorado Springs' southwest downtown area?Yesterday El Paso County new car market heats up in MayFri, Jun 2, 2017 Free doughnuts, great deals for National Doughnut Day in Colorado SpringsFri, Jun 2, 2017 Colorado Springs homebuilding rebounds in MayThu, Jun 1, 2017 More Top Reads Nation and World The Latest: UAE, Egypt cut diplomatic ties to Qatar1 hr ago United Arab Emirates, Egypt join Saudi Arabia and Bahrain in cutting diplomatic ties to Qatar1 hr ago Saudi Arabia cuts diplomatic ties to Qatar, says Qatari troops pulled from ongoing Yemen war1 hr ago Fraud allegations mar Mexico elections1 hr ago Military Must-do for Congress: Raise debt limit, pass spending bills15 hr ago Fort Carson veterinary technicians mend plush pets for kids in "surgical" event15 hr ago Court changes method to divide retirement for divorceHigh court alters rule on divorce awards18 hr ago Colorado Springs area military events starting June 4, 201718 hr ago Blogs Three rounds complete: Cheat sheet for your fantasy football rookie draft (dynasty leagues)Yesterday Colorado College-Denver hockey rivalry schedule to change for 2018-19 seasonFri, Jun 2, 2017 Air Force receiver Ernie Jennings on College Football Hall of Fame ballotThu, Jun 1, 2017 David Ramsey: The NBA's all-time top 40 players. Will LeBron ever pass Jordan to top the list?Wed, May 31, 2017 Crime and Justice Local Crime Shoving match at Colorado Springs teen party ends with multiple injuries6 hr ago One man shot multiple times at Shades of Colorado Springs eventYesterday Patron at downtown Colorado Springs bank robbedYesterday Colorado Springs man robbed at gunpoint while trying to leave homeYesterday National Crime Man flashing money on Facebook Live arrested on drug charges1 hr ago 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Uber driver, who is a former CU student, to deathYesterday Suspect arrested in theft of Portland victim's wedding ring, backpackFri, Jun 2, 2017 Broncos safety Will Parks facing domestic violence charges Fri, Jun 2, 2017 Life Life In bug museum's 65th year, John May's descendents carry on his Colorado Springs legacy15 hr ago A giant ark is just the start: These creationists have a bigger plan for recruiting new believers18 hr ago Colorado Springs area religious events starting June 4, 2017Sun, Jun 4, 2017 Colorado Springs area literary events starting June 4, 2017Sun, Jun 4, 2017 Arts and Entertainment Grande, Bieber, Katy Perry sing at Manchester benefit show8 hr ago 'Wonder Woman' conquers milestone with $100.5 million debut9 hr ago Pikes Pick: Don't miss out on your chance to compete in 'The Amazing Race'Sun, Jun 4, 2017 Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Monday, June 5Yesterday Religion Portlanders respond to killings with prayer and eclectic spiritualityFri, Jun 2, 2017 In recognizing multiple faiths, the US military moves beyond its shameful pastFri, Jun 2, 2017 I refuse to forget the Christians advocating for climate actionFri, Jun 2, 2017 50 years after the Six-Day War, Israeli Jews reflect on the victoryFri, Jun 2, 2017 National National Politics Point/Counterpoint: Are Congressional Republicans dropping the ball?15 hr ago Trump to push for overhauling roads, bridges, air trafficYesterday Trump not planning to invoke executive privilege to block James Comey testimony: ReportYesterday EpiPen maker seeks meeting with Chuck Grassley over subpoena threat, report saysFri, Jun 2, 2017 National Business Q&A: Internet extremism and how to combat it2 hr ago Warren Buffett's annual lunch auction starts Sunday evening6 hr ago 'Wonder Woman' conquers milestone with $100.5 million debut9 hr ago Insider Q&A: Drug industry learns to listen to patients11 hr ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2017 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip E-Edition Special Sections Search Journalnow.com Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Databases 2017 Summer Camp Database Winston-Salem Parent Magazine Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West E-Edition Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Contests Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Media Kit Advertise Careers Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Contests Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Special Sections Calendar 70° Overcast Winston-Salem, NC (27101) Today Thunderstorms. High 78F. Winds SW at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 80%.. Tonight Mostly cloudy in the evening then periods of showers after midnight. Thunder possible. Low around 65F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 40%. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 11:54 pm Full Forecast Weather sponsored by Blaze Air Search Toggle navigation Home Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip E-Edition Special Sections Search Journalnow.com Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Databases 2017 Summer Camp Database Winston-Salem Parent Magazine Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West AP Walmart: Traditional retailing roots a competitive advantage By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO Associated Press Writers Jun 2, 2017 (…) FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) — Walmart CEO Doug McMillon is touting the company's traditional retailing roots as a competitive advantage as it seeks to take sales away from online giant Amazon at a time of industry upheaval. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders' meeting, McMillon highlighted a range of approaches Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup to technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. But McMillon and other executives also highlighted the company's investments in higher wages and training for its employees. He said Walmart "will compete with technology, but win with people." The company had reported higher sales and profits in the first quarter, a sharp contrast with the struggles of other retailers. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Business Technology Locations Arkansas United States North America Popular This Week Another inmate at Forsyth County Jail has died Police chase in south Winston-Salem leads to arrest of suspects in crime spree Google maps America's most misspelled words by state; what word trips you up the most? Body found behind Walmart off Peters Creek Parkway; death believed to be from natural causes Police identify woman whose body was found behind Walmart on Peters Creek Parkway Miss Jenny’s Pickles to shut down today Concealed handgun permits would no longer be required under HB 746 Police ID victim in Tuesday night hotel shooting in Winston-Salem 77-year-old disabled veteran shot in face at his Winston-Salem home Woman dies after being thrown from car in Winston-Salem crash Poll Do you think President Trump will try to block former FBI director James Comey from testifying before the Senate intelligence committee? You voted: Yes. No. I'm not sure. Vote View Results Back Galleries Wake Forest Tops West Virginia 12-8 in NCAA Baseball Regional Glendale Springs Wake Forest Beats West Virginia in NCAA Regional Baseball Bowman Gray racing 6/3/17 Sections Home News Crime Business Opinion Home & Food Entertainment Community Calendar Sports Photos & Videos Weather Services Contact Us Calendar Advertise Subscription Services Jobs at the Winston-Salem Journal Place An Ad Contact Information journalnow.com 418 N. Marshall Street Winston-Salem, NC 27101 Phone: 336-727-7211 Email: content@journalnow.com Winston-Salem Journal, Winston-Salem, NC ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture The Cut Science of Us Select All Grub Street The Strategist Log In Register My Account My Profile My Comments My Reviews My Friends Sign Out FOLLOW: Facebook Twitter Instagram The Cut Fashions Runway Street Style Designers Fame Beauty Goods Love & War Search Sections Fashions Fame Beauty Goods Love & War Plus Runway Street Style Designers Sites NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture Science of Us Grub Street Bedford & Bowery Like Us Follow Us Follow Us Ad will collapse in seconds… CLOSE Popular on The Cut workers rights June 2, 2017 06/02/2017 11:30 am How Walmart’s Strict Attendance Policy Hurts Women Workers By Gabriella Paiella Share Facebook iconShare Twitter iconTweet Google Plus iconShare Pinterest iconPin It Email iconEmail Comment iconComment Print icon Print A Walmart store. Photo: JULIO CESAR AGUILAR/AFP/Getty Images Walmart, the world’s largest private retailer, has long been accused of poor labor conditions and union suppression. Now, a new report from the worker’s advocacy organization A Better Balance alleges that the company’s strict absence policy punishes workers and violates both the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Family and Medical Leave Act. The stories contained within demonstrate how the policies affect workers who they describe as “disproportionately low-wage and women of color.” The absence policy involves assigning workers points for unexcused absences, in which anywhere from four to nine points in six months can result in an employee’s firing. The report also claims that managers routinely refused to accept doctor’s notes and that a three-week notice is required for an absence to not result in disciplinary action. (“We understand that associates may have to miss work on occasion, and we have processes in place to assist them,” a Walmart spokesman told the New York Times.) Of course, several workers came forward to describe incidents — such as medical emergencies — in which such a lengthy notice would’ve been an impossibility. Many were women dealing with sick children or an ailing, aging parent, which is expected as women are often the primary — or, in the case of single-parent households, the only — caregiver. Others were women dealing with reproductive issues. Katie Orzehowski, who suffered a miscarriage, says that her absences during that time were counted against her. She went back to work sooner than she was ready to, out of fear that she would be reprimanded and lose her job, though she was still bleeding profusely. “The doctor told me that I had to rest for an additional week, and gave me a note stating that I needed about a week of additional recovery time,” Orzehowski explained. “My manager wouldn’t accept it.” Another woman named Arleja Stevens said she was fired following a series of absences related to pregnancy complications. “When I lost my job, I lost so much — it was hard to get by, and I was so nervous that my kids and I would become homeless,” she told A Better Balance. “I was good at my job at Walmart, and that job meant so much to me.” The New York Times Tags: love and war labor wal-mart workers rights How Walmart’s Strict Attendance Policy Hurts Women Workers Share on Facebook Tweet this Story Top Stories Expensive Bathing Suits: Are They Worth It? Dressing Modestly Means I’m Modest, Not Religious I’m Worried I’ll Never Be Able to Afford Kids Most Viewed Stories This Story Might Almost Make You Feel Bad for Sean Spicer The Pope Mercilessly Dragged Donald Trump Police Catch Party Pigeon With Tiny Backpack Full of Drugs The Woman Fired During Her Maternity Leave Olympic Gold Medalist Does Not Look Strong Enough to Male Airport Security Donald and Melania Trump Hold Hands Because They’re Fine, Everything’s Fine. (Update: No, They’re Not.) Scott Disick and Bella Thorne Sure Look Comfortable With Each Other Donald Trump Only Has One App on His iPhone. Guess What It Is. Prince Harry Is Reportedly Giving Meghan Markle Time to Get Used to This Whole ‘Royal’ Thing Before He Proposes Helen Mirren’s ‘Top 5 Rules for a Happy Life’ Are Words to Live By From Our Partners HuffPost Women Katey Sagal Says 'Married With Children' Was A Sexist… Fashionista 2 Girls, 1 Dress: It's a Cannes Fashion Nightmare!!!!!! goop The Secret to Looking Younger Forever powered by PubExchange Most Popular Video On The Cut Working Moms React to Ivanka Trump’s Women Who Work The Latest on the Cut 11:15 a.m. Lauren Conrad’s Gender-Reveal Announcement Was Very Chill Take note, mothers-to-be. 9:32 a.m. Kendall Jenner Has Harsh Words About Caitlyn’s Memoir “It’s insane.” 9:16 a.m. Trainer Tracy Anderson Is Getting her Own Radio Show It’s going to be “empowering.” Yesterday at 4:00 p.m. Mariah Carey and Her Not-So-Ex Bryan Tanaka Went on a Date They split in April, but things seem to be heating up again. Yesterday at 3:22 p.m. Scarlett Johansson Talks Planned Parenthood and Activism “There’s nothing icky about talking about that stuff.” Yesterday at 11:42 a.m. Taylor Swift and Actor Joe Alwyn Seen in Public Together for the First Time Are they out of the woods yet? Yesterday at 10:21 a.m. Ariana Grande Returns to Manchester to Visit Injured Fans A day ahead of her benefit concert. Yesterday at 10:05 a.m. You’re Going to Want to Read Lupita Nyong’o’s Wonder Woman Review “Just amazing.” Yesterday at 8:51 a.m. Vetements Cancels Upcoming Show, Opts Out of Future Fashion Weeks for Now Demna Gvasalia is so over fashion week. 6/2/2017 at 6:01 p.m. Men Try On Rompers For the First Time So you don’t have to. 6/2/2017 at 6:01 p.m. Kellyanne Conway Wants to Be a Washington Power Hostess She plans to “dive into social hosting” in her new D.C. mansion. 6/2/2017 at 5:34 p.m. Jamie Oliver Dared to Mansplain Herbs in Oprah’s Instagram Comments This is a no-no. 6/2/2017 at 5:30 p.m. Kate Moss and David Bowie Loved to Party on This Mediterranean Island A new photography book will inspire your summer travels. 6/2/2017 at 5:20 p.m. Very Chill 12-Year-Old Girl Wins National Spelling Bee Ananya Vinay is a chill inspiration to us all. 6/2/2017 at 4:41 p.m. Why Michelle Phan Left YouTube to Find ‘True Happiness’ Her first YouTube video after going dark in over a year. 6/2/2017 at 4:10 p.m. Expensive Bathing Suits: Are They Worth It? How much should one spend on a piece of Lyrca? 6/2/2017 at 3:50 p.m. The 7 Best Pieces to Buy From Tibi’s Spring Sale Work-friendly clothes up to 50 percent off. 6/2/2017 at 3:37 p.m. Sarah Silverman Tells Ex Jimmy Kimmel All About Her New Boyfriend If only all breakups could be this amicable. 6/2/2017 at 3:10 p.m. Martha Stewart’s Worst Date Left Her With the Check How rude. 6/2/2017 at 3:07 p.m. A Summer Goth Dress That All My Friends Want to Borrow The brand is appropriately called the Vampire’s Wife. Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram RSS Feedly Privacy Terms Sitemap Media Kit Ad Choices About Us Contacts Feedback We’re Hiring! © 2017, New York Media LLC. View all trademarks LOG IN REGISTER Social Account Facebook or Remember Me Forgot Password? Sign up with a social account: Facebook Don’t worry. We will never post to your social media account without your permission. or create an account Female Male NYMag.com may email me about new site features and special offers. By creating an account, you agree with the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. We’ve sent a registration confirmation email to . Please follow the instructions in the email within 48 hours to complete your registration. Forgot Your Password? Enter your email address or username and we’ll email instructions on how to reset your password. This username or email is associated with a Facebook account. Log in with your social account: Facebook Check Your Inbox We’ve sent you an email with instructions on how to reset your password. Choose a Username Your username will appear next to your comments. Email: By creating a NYMag.com account, you agree with the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. You already have an account registered under . You can link your Facebook account to your existing account. No, Sign In Welcome! You are now a registered user of NYMag.com, TheCut.com, Vulture.com, ScienceOfUs.com and GrubStreet.com. Want more? Subscribe to our daily newsletters. Daily Intelligencer Constant news updates on politics, business, media, and real estate. Vulture Breaking news and analysis on all the latest TV, movies, music, books, theater, and art. The Cut Get the latest fashion, beauty, and shopping news and recommendations. No Thanks We're sorry. You must confirm your registration within 48 hours of submitting your registration request. Please register again. You are already registered. Please log in. Reset Your Password Enter a new password Your password has been successfully changed. Please log in.
Search Contact Us Make My Homepage Sign In | Sign Up Home News Laramie News Wyoming News UW and WyoTech Events Events List Submit Your Event Staff Rewards Join Laramie Rewards Contests Help: Laramie Rewards Support Win Stuff Win A VIP Night For 4 At The College National Finals Rodeo iRobot Roomba 860 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner $200 Visa Gift Card Blink Home Security Camera System Xbox One S Minecraft Bundle $200 Target Gift Card Amazon Echo Show Coleman 8-Person Instant Tent GoPro Hero5 Bundle Weather Weather Forecast Road Conditions Closings & Delays WYDOT Road Closures Highway Webcams Contact Feedback Advertise with Us Laramie Rewards Support Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube subscribe via RSSTip Us What’s Hot: Ask The City Submit An Event Teddy Bear Drive WyoLotto Numbers Laramie Rewards Support Don’t Taze Me, Bro: Wyoming’s Wildest Taser Incidents By Rick Roddam June 2, 2017 10:14 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Taser International via Getty Images This week, Casper Police used a Taser to subdue a shoplifter at a local Walmart store. We can only hope that the suspect was screaming, “don’t taze me” to the officers while they took turns zapping him in the sporting goods department. Here’s a look back at some of Wyoming’s wildest taser incidents: Perhaps the most infamous episode occurred in 2010, when Laramie Police tased University of Wyoming student, Patrick Lewallen. Unfortunately, Lewallen broke several bones in his face when his head hit the ground. He later sued the Laramie Police, who settled out of court. Another “shocking” event took place in 2011, when the wife of an off-duty Riverton Police Officer used her personal taser during a bar fight. The victim of the attack was also arrested for assaulting a police officer after punching her husband in the face. Freemont County had to bring in a special prosecutor to avoid a conflict of interest during the criminal trial. In 2015, a Glenrock man was tased and pepper sprayed after leading police on a high-speed chase. The intoxicated driver left a Casper restaurant without paying his bill before attempting to elude authorities on Interstate 25. When a Converse Country Sheriff Deputy ran the suspect off the road, he “flipped off” the officers and refused to leave the vehicle. After being tased, the man was forcibly removed from the car and was later taken to the hospital and treated for minor injuries. Of course, no list of Wyoming’s wildest taser incidents is complete without the bizarre tale of a naked man who was tased by Casper Police in the Natrona County Library. In 2012, an employee at the America Theater called to report a man who was wearing only underwear, acting strangely and foaming at the mouth. Several calls later, the man was found in the library, sitting behind a desk and holding an upside down phone to his ear. After resisting arrest, he was tased and taken to jail.     Filed Under: Wyoming Category: Weird News | Wyoming News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Sign up for our newsletter Sign up for our newsletter! Laramie Live on Facebook Prizes + Rewards $200 Target Gift Card Who doesn't need $200 to Target? Amazon Echo Show Enter to win a brand new Amazon Echo Show! Coleman 8-Person Instant Tent Camp in style and comfort this summer with a Coleman 8-person tent! See More Laramie Events Today’s Forecast 60° F Humidity: 49% Wind Speed: SE 12 MPH Barometer: 30.14" Dewpoint: 41°F (5°C) Visibility: 10 mi. Clear Partly cloudy View 5 Day Forecast EEO Public File Advertise on Laramie Live Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Laramie Business Listings Welcome back to Laramie Rewards It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to Laramie Rewards It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://laramielive.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to Laramie Rewards (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here Laramie Rewards brought to you by: Sign up for Laramie Rewards Register Now Sign up for Laramie Rewards quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! Laramie Rewards brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive Laramie Rewards contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook Laramie Rewards brought to you by: Laramie Live Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad REVEALED: Killer jihadi, 27, 'radicalized by YouTube' was known to British police and was filmed arguing with cops after unfurling ISIS flag in a park one year before London Bridge terror attack 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologizes to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her voice... after criticizing her for jetting home following Manchester attack I saw three jihadis shot dead - bang, bang, bang: Dramatic pictures taken by eyewitness who was just yards away show moment eight police cut down terrorists in a hail of 50 bullets  'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry': Ariana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim gave her during UK concert US Ambassador breaks ranks with Trump to PRAISE Mayor Sadiq Khan after the president criticized the London mayor for his response to capital's terror attack How dare the US say 'we are reeling': They know nothing of our resilience, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  'Alarmist blowhard' Trump faces furious backlash over his tweet condemning London Mayor just hours after London terror attack Former New York Knicks head coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing and flipping his car with Basketball Wives star girlfriend Gloria Govan in the passenger seat Fed up with having horrible arguments at home? Relationship coach reveals the one word that will defuse EVERY marital row (and it's not 'sorry') 'What I did was absolutely immoral, but not illegal': Designer who first put Ivanka Trump on the catwalk speaks out against his 59-year sentence for rape An $8 bottle of wine from grocery chain ALDI is voted among best in the world Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' Smash hit Wonder Woman makes $101.4MILLION over the weekend as it becomes highest-grossing film by a female director EVER 'His toenails were so long they clicked on the floor like a dog': People reveal why they REALLY dumped their ex in brutally honest online confessions London jihadi was 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as he asked a neighbor about hiring a truck: Father of two, who hid his hated of Western values behind 'nice guy' mask, tried to 'radicalize children' PIERS MORGAN: British Prime Minister Theresa May talks tough now but what did she do when she was in charge of the Home Office? She cut police numbers by 20,000. And now we're paying the price in blood. The detective's notes that suggest suspect was known to terror police: Hand written comments show person involved in the investigation was 'interrogated' by police last year  'Islamophobia hasn't killed anyone': Australia's former PM slams officials for soft response to terror as he calls for 'shoot-to-kill' commando units to guard against Australian attacks 'He looked like a f*****g Muslim terrorist': Straight-talking Australian describes how he was stabbed in the neck by London jihadi on his LAST night in the UK before flying home  Hero journalist who tweeted 'it isn't happening on my watch' before using his martial arts skills to tackle London Bridge terrorists now CANNOT SPEAK after being stabbed in the neck  ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge attack with sick posts vowing more terror  'I saw a man carrying knives and I just started running. He was less than 10ft behind me': Trainee nurse, 19, reveals terrifying escape from London attacker  'Don't confuse grief with lack of courage': Britain hits back against New York Times claims nation is 'still reeling from Manchester terror'  'This is for my family, this is for Islam': Mother reveals what deluded Jihadi knifeman yelled as he plunged a 12-inch blade into the stomach of her son, 23, leaving a scar stretching from his belly to his back Previous Next PICTURED IN HER MUGSHOT: The 16-year-old who 'hacked her Uber driver to death with a knife and machete she stole from Walmart' Eliza Wasni, 16, has been charged as an adult with first-degree murder in the stabbing death of Uber driver Grant Nelson, 34  Prosecutors say Nelson was giving Wasni a ride early Tuesday morning when she attacked him with a knife and a machete she stole from a Chicago Walmart  Nelson fled the vehicle and tried to get help from residents inside a nearby condo, but he later died at the hospital  Police found Wasni hiding behind a nearby building and took her into custody A judge ordered her held without bond at her first court appearance Wednesday  By Ashley Collman For Dailymail.com and Associated Press Published: 11:50 EDT, 2 June 2017 | Updated: 21:29 EDT, 2 June 2017 e-mail 1.9k shares 106 View comments Pictured in her mugshot is the 16-year-old girl accused of stabbing her Uber driver to death with a knife and a machete she stole from Walmart in a crazed early morning attack.  Eliza Wasni was ordered held without bail at her first hearing in Cook County, Illinois court on Wednesday.  The teen, who lives with a single mother in Norwood Park, stands accused of murdering Uber driver Grand Nelson, 34, after getting a ride from him early Tuesday morning.  Wasni kept her head on the ground for most of the court appearance, as she was charged as an adult with first-degree murder. She only spoke up once, to confirm her name. She is currently being represented by a public defender, and will be jailed at a juvenile facility.  Scroll down for video  Eliza Wasni, 16 (pictured), has been charged as an adult with first-degree murder in the death of Uber driver Grant Nelson  Nelson (right) was driving Wasni (left) early Tuesday morning when she attacked him with two knives she stole from Walmart, prosecutors said   Nelson fled his vehicle (above) and tried to get help, but later died at the hospital   Prosecutors called the crime 'heinous' and Judge Michael Hood agreed that Nelson's murder was 'extremely violent'.   Nelsons parents as well as his two siblings, Todd and Alexandra, were in the courtroom during Wednesday's hearing.   Family members could be heard sobbing at times as prosecutors read out a two-page description of the murder.  The description offers no reason for the attack, but portrays Wasni as a calm girl who 'nonchalantly' could be seen walking through Walmart earlier in the evening, with a knife and a machete in hand, before she walked outside without paying. Prosecutors said that Nelson, a resident of Wilmette, picked the girl up shortly after 3am Tuesday in Lincolnwood. It was her third ride in an Uber vehicle in the early hours of Tuesday. It's unclear what prompted the attack. Prosecutors say Wasni stole the car but abandoned it soon after striking a median   Nelson ran into this condo and tried to get help from residents, yelling 'Help me, help me! I'm going to die!' Two minutes after he began driving, prosecutors said that Wasni began stabbing Nelson from the back seat. Nelson was able to pull over and ran into a nearby condominium building, where he screamed, 'Help me, help me! I'm going to die!' until residents called 911. Wasni climbed into the front seat of Nelson's blood-splattered silver sedan and drove away, striking a median in the road. She jumped out of the vehicle and fled on foot. When Lincolnwood police arrived, they found the vehicle with blood on both the inside and the outside, with Nelson's phone open to the Uber app. The app said that Nelson's passenger was someone named Eliza. Officers followed the trial of blood and found Nelson lying in grass. He was bleeding profusely from several wounds, and was able to tell the officers what had happened. He died at a nearby hospital a few hours later. Todd Nelson said that his brother Grant (pictured) was 'the most gentle, kind person. He never hurt anyone. He was good to animals, he was good to children' Nelson is pictured on the far left with members of his family in a photo shared to Facebook. The family attended Wasni's first hearing on Wednesday Using the description given by Nelson, police found her nearby crouching behind an air conditioner - a machete in one hand and a knife in the other. Police warned her that she would be shot with a Taser if she did not drop the weapons, and when she did not comply an officer used the Taser. Wasni dropped the knives and was taken into custody. Police said she did not make a statement. According to prosecutors, police recovered a shirt the girl could be seen wearing in the Walmart. The shirt had blood on it. Uber officials said the company was working with police to provide information relevant to the investigation. 'We are heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners,' Uber said in a statement. 'Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time.' They also said that she appeared to be in violation of the company's rules, which states that riders must be 18 years or older.  The company spokesman said that a rider's access can be removed if they are found to be underage, and that there is a mechanism as well for drivers to report riders they suspect of being underage. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next DUI driver, 25, with three previous offences is charged with... More than $25,000 is raised on GoFundMe account set up for... School security guard, 55, arrested for 'aiding ex-cop in... Former nurse pleads guilty to killing EIGHT patients aged... Share this article Share 1.9k shares Nelson's sister told WMAQ-TV in Chicago that her brother was a good person. 'He was not a vindictive person,' Alex Nelson said. 'He was not a cruel person. He didn't deserve this fate.' She added to the Chicago Tribune that she hopes 'justice will happen' in the 'horrifying and maddening murder'.  Brother Todd Nelson said that his bother was 'the most gentle, kind person. He never hurt anyone. He was good to animals, he was good to children'.  Nelson lived at home with their parents and worked as a waiter. He drove for Uber and Lyft after his shifts to make money. 'He was just trying to do the best he could in life,' Todd said.   Friends told ABC7 that Nelson was driving that night because he could get higher fares for the holiday.  'It was surging. He said it's just opportunity to make some more money,' a friend, Waqas Abbasi said.   It is the first homicide in Lincolnwood since 2006, police said.  Read more: Girl, 16, accused of killing Uber driver with stolen knife, machete - Chicago Tribune Teen charged with murder in Uber driver's stabbing death in Lincolnwood | abc7chicago.com Share or comment on this article e-mail 1.9k shares Most watched News videos Graphic footage of London attack victim with serious neck injury Shocking dashcam footage shows people fleeing scene of terror attack Hero Londoners try to save victims of city's latest terror attack Bloodied man led to safety through a cordon of armed police Moment gunshots are heard outside a restaurant in London Bridge Police tell drinkers to 'get down immediately' in London bar Exclusive: Armed police order people to the floor in Barking Horrific moment man randomly hits 90-year-old with cane in NYC Shocking moment woman blocks young boy from brutal crash This cat wants out! Owner argues with cat who wants to go outside Woman heard crying in fear as police evacuate Borough Market Theresa May says 'enough is enough' after London terror attack Arsenal jihadi 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as... 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to... Family pay tribute to Canadian woman killed in terror... KATIE HOPKINS: You’re right, Theresa. We cannot go on... Armed police arrest 12 - including four women - at East... 'Stay with me, please, I love you': Bystanders rush to... Trump condemns London Mayor after terror attack:... Harrowing dashcam footage reveals trail of devastation on... Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation... Body of Manchester terror victim Eilidh MacLeod, 14, is... 'He's a soldier': Father-of-three stabbed FOUR times by... Desperate families beg for information on 'missing' loved... ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge... Bystander caught in police crossfire was shot in the head... Hero neighbor shoots knife-wielding father dead as he... Frail man, 90, who was viciously beaten with a cane in a... 'Bit of pain but I'll survive': Australian waitress, 31,... Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am slammed... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 106 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Young family  Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Touching words  'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologizes to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her  after criticizing her for jetting home following Manchester attack What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Both the models dressed down  Dressed to the nines! The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala  'Do not be afraid': Ariana Grande's heroic mother Joan shares empowering message as she joins fans in the crowd at One Love concert in Manchester  'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Adriana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim  Ariana Grande sparks confusion by sporting dazzling rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at Manchester tribute  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Everyone is smiling  Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Appears to take aim at the natural beauty Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Wiped off the sweat from her face  Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Attended a service  That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Clearly enjoys showing off her workouts Booty-ful moves! Iggy Azalea shows off her stunning figure in red leotard while writhing onstage at awards show in Mexico City All eyes on her  Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Unconventional parenting Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards Started off the red carpet in style Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals Modern Family star is a staunch activist  'As a father, this has made me truly sad': David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' of Manchester as he sends poignant video message to One Love concert Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her Wowed the crowd with their hit Where Is The Love? Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Fergie, 42, looked super in black skinny jeans  'I've got an emotional depth greater than two years ago': Hunger Games star Sam Claflin reveals fatherhood made him a better actor Life changing  Australian actor Hugh Sheridan claims he and Rebel Wilson visited a 'secret apartment' in Disneyland after the actress said she was related to Walt Disney Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Touching scenes Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Resident Evil star Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Lifestyle mogul's had a day out  Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Showing off her stunning figure Dressed to the nines! Ivanka Trump looks stunning in a red gown as she heads to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Looked regal  'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh Parents to two girls  Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Reality star radiated glamour and celebrity Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Can enjoy some time off Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City Is on a break from shooting Younger  Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe He's had his hands full  Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program It's never too late  Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am forgets what city he's in at Manchester terror concert as he greets crowd by saying 'What's up London?'  Pippa Middleton's brother-in-law Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his girlfriend Vogue Williams is in Spain  Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at Ariana Grande's One Love concert in Manchester but fans are disappointed brother Noel does not join him  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilization after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort in Australia  Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Turned heads in London They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin on Twitter and  insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Quirky look  They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Stunning blondes  How Cary Grant took acid to get over his issues with women: Famed actor took 100 LSD pills over the course of THREE YEARS to counter his struggles Former Knicks coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing his car with Basketball Wives star girlfriend Gloria Govan in the passenger seat Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Enviable figure  Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Grabbed attention  'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' She is expecting twins in the coming weeks  'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets with fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert  Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy was one of the first to pay tribute  Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving Craig's Princess Charlene exudes glamor in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for his water bike challenge  Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica The pair went incognito for a romantic evening  Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage She has a sizzling Ora about her! Rita sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy shoot His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht with husband Rod Stewart, 72 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in her PAJAMAS Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil as family label her actions unforgivable' Crocodile safaris, kangaroo for dinner and only wallabies for company: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' remote luxury outback love nest 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Hidden message? 'People can't tell us apart!' Kim Zolciak, 39, admonishes Brielle, 20, after she jokes her mom 'looks 40' Brielle Biermann incited the wrath of her mom Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Loved-up couple  Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Kate Beckinsale keeps it casual in tight black leggings as she showcases her svelte physique Rumored to be getting cozy with Jon Hamm  Sheer madness! Joanna Krupa reveals her toned stomach in body hugging black gown Turned heads on the red carpet  Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Teen Mom star Farrah Abraham sports long blonde hair as she spends the day with her daughter Sophia Had a big day in the Big Apple  Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in London ABS-olutely fabulous! Braless Miley Cyrus highlights her svelte figure in crop top with shorts and denim jacket Flashed her flat stomach in a white crop top Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has made him a 'changed man' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with tradition by donning a wedding ring James, 41, has donned a gold band to show his devotion  Scott Disick, 34, cuddles up to topless Australian model, 21, as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Where the bloody hell was she? Lara Bingle 'arrives 45 minutes late' to Tiffany & Co. launch in before 'clocking off and refusing to speak to journalists' Those boots aren't made for walking! Iggy Azalea showcases some VERY extravagant floral thigh-highs in a plunging silky white gown  Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Spotted in Hollywood  Classic LBD with a twist! Zendaya wows in black dress with pearl detailing for Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The 20-year-old stepped out in an elegant gown  Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Teen Mom OG's Ryan Edwards checks into rehab... after ex Maci Bookout revealed she was terrified he might OD He is doing well  'I've been let go!' Kevin Can Wait star Erinn Hayes dropped from second season as Leah Remini joins the cast Will not be returning for the second season  Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she spends the day with friends The Bad Liar beauty is visiting the East Coast Ariana Grande 'set to perform tear-jerking duet of Where Is The Love? with The Black Eyed Peas' at star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit  The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan They just spent last week in Mexico together 'Night Time!' Lindsay Lohan wears an unzipped dress as she poses atop her bed for saucy Instagram snap Shared a provocative picture 'Seal found your musical G-spot!' Delta Goodrem bursts into laughter at Boy George's VERY risqué joke during The Voice Australia live  Controversial remark Former Australian Bachelor contestant Tiffany Scanlon showcases her taut abs in a tiny red bikini as she reveals the secret behind her new six pack 'I went from eating at the White House to sleeping in the bushes': Child star Willie Aames reveals his 'stupid decisions' led to him losing everything 'She was standing there and I fell in love': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out their $6.4million country estate... because 'the roof colors don't match' Have halted work I want candy! Angelina Jolie treats kids Shiloh and Vivian to roller skating as daughter Zahara is seen with giant box of Hot Tamales Doting mother  Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills She oozed style  'Lost for words but currently safe': Ruby Rose and girlfriend Jessica Origliasso are in lockdown as they're caught in the middle of London terror attack 'Getting into her zone': Coco Austin takes daughter Chanel, one, to Ice-T's concert... and dances along backstage Attended her husband Ice-T's concert Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony  'He is not feeling great': An exhausted Scott Disick returns to Los Angeles after a raucous week of partying as it's claimed he's 'ready to shape up' Now that's an arrival! Ice-T and Coco Austin are MOBBED by fans as they jet into Sydney with daughter Chanel They have both arrived in Australia  Ready for summer! Reese Witherspoon looks girly in gingham as she enjoys a day of shopping with husband Jim Married for six years Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Tied the knot to the TBS executive  Baby on the way! Mad Men's Ben Feldman's wife Michelle Mulitz reveals her bump on the red carpet Attended the 16th Annual Chrysalis Butterfly Ball 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' A 63-year-old beauty  'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat Known as the gorgeous blonde heiress 'I proposed to the love of my life': Former Dallas Cowboys quarterback and Hall of Famer Troy Aikman gets engaged to girlfriend Capa Mooty Alexandra Daddario keeps low profile in baggy ensemble after enjoying a tiki cruise with friends Looked a little worse for wear 'They've gotten even closer': Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk speak 'several times a day' as actor works away from home following daughter's birth 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Superstar bared-all for video  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball Oscar winner did not disappoint  'Think she's fond of my leg hair?' Bella Thorne's kitten snuggles into teen's unshaven pins Took to Instagram to announce that she had fallen ill GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since Big birthday bash  Just do it! Bella Hadid flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms The 20-year-old stepped out for a work commitment  Breaking Bad star Aaron Paul can't keep his hands of wife Lauren Parsekian as they pack on the PDA while he films new movie in Italy That's Amore Priyanka Chopra reveals her svelte physique in a polka dot sundress at the Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Finished her promo tour for Baywatch Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Unhappy  Christie's girl! Sailor Brinkley-Cook lets her natural beauty shine as she poses for magazine Let her natural radiance shine through for the latest issue 'We all might just make out': Orange Is The New Black star Yael Stone outlines VERY raunchy Wentworth crossover Lust-driven outline for a spin-off 'Beach bound!' Kim Zolciak shows off impressive figure on family Bahamas vacation... as brave son Kash helps stray one month after dog attack Night and day! Emma Roberts is transformed as she steps out in costume while filming Little Italy The beauty was clad in a patent leather black coat Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel 'This goes down as a classic': Lupita Nyong'o raves over new Wonder Woman movie in heartfelt review She wholeheartedly agrees Justin Bieber jets into Germany clutching onto his skateboard ahead of performance at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester benefit concert 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  'I was probably self-medicating: Kiwi singer Lorde reveals she went through a bout of heavy drinking after breaking up with ex-boyfriend White hot! Nicole Murphy puts her ample assets on display in low-cut frock for Women of Excellence Awards Gala Graced the red carpet  'Obsessed!' Heather Morris and son Owen tuck in as they celebrate National Donut Day May still be reeling from her baffling elimination from DWTS Plait looks fun! Bella Thorne rocks tiny shorts and braids as she steps out with her party posse She was seen with her rumored on again boyfriend Gregg Sulkin  Horsing around! Nicky Hilton Rothschild wows in green silk dress at Veuve Cliquot Polo Classic Kendall Jenner was also there Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Gregg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs Thousands of fans lined the streets of Macon Disgraced Josh Duggar makes return to social media in post celebrating his four-year-old son Marcus' birthday two years after sex scandal Flaunting her Cannes tan! Bella Hadid showcases her endless legs in shorts and cut-out top during photoshoot Strutted her stuff  Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills Is she trying to get her sister in trouble? Heidi Klum, 43, stuns in a simple maxidress as she leaves Mykonos with beau Vito Schnabel, 30, after soaking up the sun on the Greek island Tanned and relaxed Wild things! Emmy Rossum and Sam Esmail share images from their honeymoon safari in Rwanda The loved up couple hared a slew of shots  No sunburn for her! Nicole Kidman keeps her pale skin under cover in a long-sleeved dress at Veuve Clicquot's Polo Classic at Liberty State Park 9021-whoah! Rachel McCord (almost) bares all in a VERY daring embellished jacket as she attends the Hollywood premiere of All About The Money Move over Kim! Kris Jenner, 61, wears see-through lace top and bra for dinner outing with Jada Pinkett Smith Flaunted her incredible figure  Proud to be in the pink: It's the color which used to make feminists see red - but now today's top women dress in Millennial Pink to signal empowerment  Jennifer Garner looks in high spirits as she picks up daughter Violet, 11, from school in navy shift dress... after ex Ben Affleck finally moves belongings out  We Belong Together! Mariah Carey and her recently rekindled flame Bryan Tanaka put on an amorous display at a dinner date  Couldn't be separated  EXCLUSIVE: Actor Alan Cummings is pleading for the release of his former chimpanzee co-star Tonka from 'cockroach-infested' primate foundation  Naughty and nice! Sophia Bush shows off her cleavage in a flirty lace dress at film festival gala in Connecticut  Pamela Anderson shows off her famous curves in a white bardot dress during  post-dinner walk with a male friend in St Tropez Fabulous in France  Just like dad! Tom Brady brings mini me son Jack to charity football game The 39-year-old NFL superstar looked every bit the proud father  'I sit there in awe': Seal reveals his 'deep affection' for The Voice co-star Delta Goodrem after announcing he 'loved' her The Voice Australia stars She's a City Girl! Rosario Dawson joins creator Sarah Ramos and Busy Philipps for a table read of Internet hit Three actresses couldn't stop smiling  'It was definitely not a comfortable day': Vanessa Williams, 54, rued having to wear bikini for first day on Daytime Divas (despite looking AMAZING) Manchester gets ready to rock and remember: Final preparations under way for tomorrow night's One Love benefit concert at Old Trafford  Just a day away  'We wouldn't have made the same choice': Wonder Woman director Patty Jenkins admits her 'heart sank' when Gal Gadot was originally cast Touchdown! Olivia Culpo and NFL star boyfriend Danny Amendola coordinate in red for charity football game Tom Brady's event Is that you Elle? Reese Witherspoon channels her ditzy Legally Blonde character in vibrant pink summer dress from her very own range 'This is the scariest building I've ever seen! WTF goes on inside?' Tom Hanks posts a photo of mysterious almost windowless Manhattan tower  Right on the Munn-ey! Braless Olivia stuns in Daisy Dukes as she puts on leggy display in lace up gladiator heels Treated herself to a new hair style Both of Bill Cosby's 'wives' will be at trial: Disgraced comedian's real-life partner of 50 years Camille and his TV spouse Phylicia Rashad will be in court  Pretty Little Liar star Ashley Benson goes braless as she reveals midriff in crop top while out in Beverly Hills Rocked the revealing ensemble  Coyote ugly! Kanye West wants to design Calabasas High School sports uniforms... but only if he can rename them the Wolves Joanna Krupa puts on a busty display in plunging white playsuit as she enjoys dinner in West Hollywood She recently split from husband Romain Zago Queen of green! Hailey Baldwin catches the eye in a quirky emerald tracksuit and stiletto heels as she steps out for coffee Cut a confident look Sudden departure! Stylish Justin Theroux leaves NY for LA ahead of The Leftovers final ever episode The 45-year-old cut a stylish traveler look Check mate! Lindsay Lohan blows a kiss as she dines out in stylish monochrome jacket... after admitting she 'misses' her Hollywood lifestyle Make-up free Julianne Moore cuts a casual figure as she rocks pajama couture in rare outing with husband Stepped out for lunch in New York 'I am basically a witch': Lorde reveals fascination with witchcraft as singer claims she has connected with the ghost of David Bowie Sheer perfection! The Mummy star Annabelle Wallis reveals her bra in a daring see-through top as she dines out in London Flashed her toned body He's scored! Proud Kim Sears celebrates husband Andy Murray's win against Juan Martin Del Potro at French Open Putting in the leg work! Alessandra Ambrosio catches the eye in thigh-skimming minidress as she attends Madrid fashion launch Turning heads in Spain  Bruce Springsteen's showjumping daughter Jessica displays her equestrian skills as she competes at the Athina Onassis Horse Show in St Tropez Black is the New Orange: Ruby Rose cuts a low-key figure as she touches down in London in a sombre hoodie and shades All grown up! Raven-Symone and Anneliese van der Pol reprise their best friend roles in new trailer for Disney's Raven's Home New trailer Lottie Moss displays her enviably toned pins in ruffled floral romper as she enjoys night out with Scott Disick's rumored flame Ella Ross Cuter couture! Orlando Bloom proudly rocks adorable T-shirt designed by his six-year-old son Flynn He has his own personal designer 'There's a place for outright silliness right now': Comedian Steve Carell says moviegoers need a balance of lighthearted comedy and reality  Sofia Vergara cuts a casual figure in off-the-shoulder top and ripped jeans while shopping in LA The 44-year-old star looked casual cool 'I didn't want a number': Tom Cruise reveals Top Gun sequel will be called Top Gun: Maverick Sequel to the 1986 action film Top Gun Sheerly amazing! Lorde takes the stage in black see-through top for star-studded Governor's Ball in New York City Revealing outfit Goddess in green! Isla Fisher cuts a chic figure in emerald leather-look jacket as she speaks at Children's Book and Author breakfast in New York Black Eyed Peas frontman will.i.am claims reports Fergie left the group are 'lies' and says she's focusing on solo work False rumors  Right on Target! Halsey dons a blue wig as she surprises diehard fans with impromptu meet-and-greet at LA store Blending in with the locals! Kelly Rowland sports camouflage jacket as she spends day in Sydney with family and husband Tim Weatherspoon Revealed: The full list of 100 super-rich British stars in $900million tax relief scheme includes The Beckhams, Robbie Williams, and Geri Halliwell Changing seasons! Lily Aldridge switches up summery red dress for fall pantsuit for Vogue shoot in New York Wowed in a hot-weather dress  Hello sunshine! Gigi Hadid gives just a peek at her toned tum in form-fitting bright yellow two-piece number She's used to having all eyes on her Still a Pretty Woman! Evergreen Julia Roberts stuns as she goes casual cool in bomber jacket over blouse for Malibu photoshoot Ageless beauty Kathy Griffin loses remainder of her tour gigs in wake of Donald Trump severed head scandal after dramatic press conference Celebrity Run-Ins Tour  I feel like a rock star after meeting Ariana Grande, says eight-year-old bomb victim who was visited in hospital by pop star and Prince William     DON'T MISS Ring of steel set to protect 50,000 fans: Huge security operation in place as Ariana Grande pays tribute to Manchester victims 22 people died Pretty as a petal! Maggie Gyllenhaal dons chic floral jacket and trouser combination at New York premiere of The Deuce Fashionable actress Kendall Jenner looks runway ready in coordinating striped top and wide leg pants for a day out in New York Wore a ribbed top and wide leg trousers 'They were serious': Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay 'dated NBA star Kevin Durant when they were in college' They both attended The University of Texas Back to family life! Kourtney Kardashian takes Mason and Penelope to the movies after living it up at the Cannes Film Festival Showed of her tummy 'My hairdresser is better than your hairdresser!' Model Simone Holtznagel flaunts her freshly-styled mane after a trip to the stylist She Dunn ever disappoint! Supermodel mother Jourdan looks sensational as she shoots an editorial in New York City Stunning outfits  Kelly Rowland tells critics to BACK OFF Delta Goodrem amid complaints about her 'bulls**t theatrics' on The Voice Australia  On the floor! Jennifer Lopez, 47, gets a helping hand up from her dancers after bending a little TOO far backward during her Las Vegas show No Blindspots! Jaimie Alexander reveals her toned tummy as she rocks crop top and tight black leather pants Seen in a revealing ensemble ABS-olutely fabulous! Karrueche Tran flaunts her midriff in vintage crop top with ripped jeans for lunch outing Stepped out for lunch at Mauro's restaurant Former Bachelorette star Trista Sutter, 44, suffers seizure and collapses in front of her children while on vacation in Croatia Scary ordeal Kathy Griffin breaks down in tears claiming Trump family ruined her life - as her lawyer scoffs at report Barron was upset over severed head video  Izabel Goulart shows off her incredible abs and pert posterior in nautical thong bikini as she enjoys Ibiza beach holiday with footballer beau Kevin Trapp Moms unite! Jessica Alba and Jenna Dewan-Tatum bring glam to the beach for Baby2Baby benefit Businesswomen and mothers Super mom! Zoe Saldana reveals toned tummy in crop top while picking up two-year-old twins from school Revealed her enviable midriff  Dill-igent mama to be! Pregnant Heidi Montag chomps down on a pickle to satisfy her cravings in middle of grocery store Five months pregnant Adriana Lima emphasizes her pins in colorful leggings... after diamond ring Instagram declaring 'I AM MARRIED TO ME' Out and about in Miami Extra extra! Drew Barrymore goes Boho in billowing rainbow maxi to hand out copies of her new publication Stepped into the world of publishing Ciao bella! Blogger Natasha Oakley flaunts her ample cleavage in a bikini as she soaks up the sun on lavish Italian getaway Bikini blogger Back in black! 13 Reasons Why's Katherine Langford dons an understated ensemble as she is swarmed by fans at Sydney airport 'Dog walkers on deck!' Kendall Jenner's Mew joins Mariah Carey's Cha Cha and Chloe Grace Moretz's Pearl in Wag club Furry friends Back so soon? Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi returns to Instagram just NINE hours after vowing to quit social media Couldn't stay away Good enough to eat! Padma Lakshmi looks delectable in crocheted swimsuit on the cover of Beach magazine She graced the new cover of Beach Having a ball! Bikini-clad Coleen Rooney shows off her stunning body as she cradles son Kit during family trip to Barbados with husband Wayne Basketball Wives: LA star Laura Govan's home burglarized as thieves take $700,000 in cash and jewelry from her Southern California property Shy guy! Zac Efron keeps a low profile in blue hoodie for return to LA... after showing off pole dancing skills on Graham Norton Show He's not usually shy 'She's gone into serious detail': Kylie Minogue 'to spill the beans' on Joshua Sasse split in new album... after music helped her through 'very tough time' 'I live for donuts!' Hunger Games star Liam Hemsworth gets VERY excited while driving dirt bike around in circles Miley Cyrus' fiance It's a boy! Actress Lake Bell welcomes her second child with Scott Campbell She and her tattoo artist husband already have daughter Nova, aged two Inspiring, indeed! Lea Michele shows off toned figure in tight floral dress at the Inspiration Awards in LA She was presenting an award at the ceremony All that's missing is a yacht! Mad Men vet January Jones pulls off nautical look at Inspiration Awards... after trashing Donald Trump on Instagram Chris Cornell's toxicology report shows he had a cocktail of strong sedatives and four Ativan pills in his system when he killed himself  Justin Bieber shows off his heavily tattooed chest and touches his nipples after hugging a bikini girl by a swimming pool in New York Having fun in the sun Soldiering on! Gwyneth Paltrow steps out still on her medical boot as she chats with a pal in Santa Monica First spotted in it just over a week ago Her own best advertisement! Khloe Kardashian strikes a sensual pose to model her newest figure-hugging Good American jeans Platell's People: Diana would tell William and Harry 'don't look back in anger' William has spoken of the agony of walking behind Diana's coffin Ready for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she jets off to see her boyfriend Said to be 'head over heels' in love Diane Keaton 'hates' her figure: Actress, 71, whose nude film scenes were meant to empower older women admits using designer clothes to cover up her body  The moment executive in charge of Apple Music 'yelled at Rihanna to sit down at the NBA Finals' Singer was animated at game, even heckling Kevin Durant Summer chic! Elle Fanning delights in white strapless dress as she steps out with mystery man in NYC Spotted out and about in New York City Twinning is winning! Coco Austin puts her daughter Chanel in a matching T-shirt... as the tot has a CC logo on her back In Australia with Ice-T Pippa Middleton's $150,000 Moneymoon: Newlywed's vacation featured $320 kangaroo lunch, pricey bikinis galore and 15-minute flight costing $650  They're Down with it! Fifth Harmony wow as they debut their first single without Camila Cabello on GMA Four remaining members of the band Lena Dunham carries a walker into her apartment as she continues to recover from the complications of endometriosis surgery Brandy explains 'exhaustion' from constant travel is the reason she fell unconscious on Delta flight out of LA and was later hospitalized Charli XCX flashes her toned stomach in crop top as she puts on a leggy display in tiny shorts during New York City concert Took center stage 'He's a special person!': Renee Zellweger gushes about boyfriend Doyle Bramhall while attending film gala with her brother Andrew Chilling out! Emma Stone looks relaxed in striped blouse and jeans as she enjoys down time after wrapping The Favourite La La Land star EXCLUSIVE: Carmelo Anthony is 'fuming' over Chris Rock's bold pass at basketball star's estranged wife La La Anthony - but she says she was 'flattered'  'Those are the children you raised': Kendall Jenner sounds off against Caitlyn 'dissing the Kardashians' in her tell-all memoir Accused her of lying Style Swoon: From bag silhouette Kendall Jenner keeps wearing to Alexa Chung's stylish new line, FEMAIL reveals fashions we're loving this week It's only crock 'n' roll! Youngest Stone is 70 (and now they all need support acts!)  All needed a guiding arm as they left Wood's 70th birthday bash Gretchen Carlson reveals she was shunned by her closest friends and coworkers after she accused Roger Ailes of firing her for refusing sex Married at First Sight star reveals his desperation to give his wife her first orgasm, after having sex with her regularly for three weeks with no luck Dawn of justice! Gal Gadot steps out of New York hotel make-up free as her film Wonder Woman is expected to take US box office by storm Girls night out: Lisa Rinna and Harry Hamlin's stylish daughters Delilah and Amelia step out in eye-catching outfits in Los Angeles No clashes here! Vanessa Williams glows while joined by her glamorous Daytime Divas co-stars during Nasdaq MarketSite event in NYC Beauty guru Michelle Phan posts first video in months, admitting how her growing obsession with vanity and money led to her depression YouTube beauty vlogger Pregnant Serena Williams showcases her blossoming bump as she watches French Open tennis... after revealing she does not know baby's gender Dirty Baby! Tyga's rumored former fling Demi Rose looks bootylicious as she steps out in a slogan crop top in Ibiza Put on a busty display Prom time! Teresa Giudice glows as her eldest daughter Gia, 16, looks pretty for high school dance... while dad Joe serves three years in prison Jon Hamm discusses his breakup from  Jennifer Westfeldt as he admits he may be a 'narcissist'... after 'getting cozy' with Kate Beckinsale Beaming Lily Collins looks every inch the gym bunny as she leaves workout in Los Angeles  in skin-tight leggings and khaki coat George Clooney's ex-girlfriend Elisabetta Canalis keeps it casual in t-shirt and jeans as she dotes over daughter Skyler during lunch outing Meet Monsieur Toilette! Deleted scene from live-action Beauty and the Beast reveals movie was meant to feature a feisty talking TOILET character EXCLUSIVE: 'I fight against my genes constantly': Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves enjoys passionate smooch with personal trainer Danni Levy Looks familiar! Victoria's Secret beauty Romee Strijd recreates Kendall Jenner's Marc Jacobs look for NYC photoshoot Covered up for once Busty Pamela Anderson shows off her tiny waist and lean legs in a cream bardot dress as she steps out in St Tropez She's 50 on July 1  Patron saint of fashion! Justin Bieber's protégé 18-year-old Madison Beer becomes Moschino designer Jeremy Scott's latest muse   Double denim diva! Jessica Biel channels one of her husband Justin Timberlake's most famous looks from his Britney Spears days Spotted in sunny NYC 'It's disheartening!': Real Housewives Of Atlanta star Phaedra Parks admits that her divorce from Apollo Nida is extremely painful Climate control! Ivanka sports bold red lipstick and short monochrome as she steps out in D.C., a day after shunning her father's Paris historic accord announcement Sean Penn 'bumped from ECONOMY to FIRST CLASS' after passenger on Delta flight 'made snarky comments' about star's carry-on bags Lunch to go! Katie Holmes picks up takeout in LA.... hours before Jamie Foxx is seen across town Keeping relationship out of the spotlight A new romance? Kate Beckinsale and Jon Hamm were 'flirting' and 'inseparable' at Los Angeles  screening for his new movie Baby Driver Chelsea Clinton flashes bra in sheer top at NYC gay bar's Pride Month event, admitting she wore green to protest Trump's Paris Accord decision She's having a boy! Heavily pregnant Lauren Conrad announces she's having a son with cute Instagram post Card said 'It's a guy' with a baby in blue car So long, Chicago! Sophia Bush goes incognito as she wears sunglasses at LAX airport after quitting hit medical drama Moving on to new things 'He's trying to teach me how to hit the ball!' Katherine Webb and her NFL husband AJ McCarron enjoy a baby-free date night at Topgolf 'They've flown cases of tequila to an amazing villa': Kim Kardashian 'joins husband Kanye West in the Bahamas for his lavish 40th birthday party' My how you've changed! Two decades after movie Matilda premiered we reveal where child stars are now... and some are totally unrecognizable 'You see young soldiers permanently damaged... it's very sobering': Brad Pitt says he made War Machine to remind people of ravages of war 'Gym selfie - because fat people don't work out, right?' Size 22 model Tess Holliday hits back at body-shamers by sharing a photo of herself in locker room Good heavens! Victoria's Secret Angel Alessandra Ambrosio goes BRALESS at shoe launch... as she hangs out with Kylie Minogue's ex Andres Velencoso Electra-fying! Carmen, 45, sizzles in plunging cocktail dress as she parties the night away at Hollywood hotspot The Peppermint Club Showed off her assets 'I'm not against people owning guns': Kim Kardashian talks tighter laws in honor of National Gun Violence Awareness Day Posted  views online  What an improvement! Kim Zolciak shows son Kash's healing face just six weeks after he was mauled by a dog Brave four year old is smiling again She's just like you and me! Drew Barrymore puts on her makeup in the carriage window as she rides the New York City subway Down to earth star Naomi Campbell stuns in one-shoulder gown while Victoria Silvstedt turns heads in a bright orange number at Monte-Carlo Fashion Week Gala Mischa Barton looks fashion forward as she steps out in a pink silk dress at the Executor premiere... following her sex tape battle  Flashed her legs Today's headlines Most Read Another fanatic slips through the net: Killer jihadi, 27, 'radicalised by YouTube' was known to police and... 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologises to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her 'cracking voice'...... I saw three jihadis shot dead - bang, bang, bang: Dramatic pictures taken by eyewitness who was just yards... 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals... US Ambassador breaks ranks with Trump to PRAISE Mayor Sadiq Khan after the president criticized the London... How dare the US say 'we are reeling': They know nothing of our resilience, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Trump faces furious backlash over his tweet condemning London Mayor just hours after London terror attack Former New York Knicks head coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing and flipping his car... Fed up with having horrible arguments at home? Relationship coach reveals the one word that will defuse... 'What I did was absolutely immoral, but not illegal': Designer who first put Ivanka Trump on the catwalk... An $8 bottle of wine from grocery chain ALDI is voted among best in the world Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI... Smash hit Wonder Woman makes $101.4MILLION over the weekend as it becomes highest-grossing film by a female... 'His toenails were so long they clicked on the floor like a dog': People reveal why they REALLY dumped their... Arsenal jihadi 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as he asked a neighbour about hiring a van: Father of... PIERS MORGAN: Mrs May talks tough now but what did she do when she was in charge of the Home Office? She cut... The detective's notes that suggest suspect was known to terror police: Hand written comments show person... 'Islamophobia hasn't killed anyone': Tony Abbott slams officials for soft response to terror as he calls for... 'He looked like a f*****g Muslim terrorist': Straight-talking Australian describes how he was stabbed in the... Hero journalist who tweeted 'it isn't happening on my watch' before using his martial arts skills to tackle... ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge attack with sick posts vowing more terror  'I saw a man carrying knives and I just started running. He was less than 10ft behind me': Trainee nurse,... 'Don't confuse grief with lack of courage': Britain hits back against New York Times claims nation is 'still... 'This is for my family, this is for Islam': Mother reveals what deluded Jihadi knifeman yelled as he plunged... Little Mix are criticised for their 'naked' stage outfits at family-friendly One Love benefit concert Bystander caught in police crossfire was shot in the head as officers fired 'unprecedented 50 rounds of... Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am slammed after forgetting what city he's in at Manchester... Police officer steals the hearts of millions as he dances hand-in-hand with young girls in the crowd during... 'Every day 90 people are dying from gun violence': Gabby Giffords slams Trump for using London terror attack... MORE HEADLINES Arsenal jihadi 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as he asked a neighbour about hiring a van: Father of two, who had worked for London Transport and hid his hated of Western values behind 'nice guy' mask, tried to 'radicalise children' 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim said to her during Manchester concert Hero neighbor shoots knife-wielding father dead as he tries to drown his three-month-old twin babies in the bathtub  'Piece of s***': President Trump comes under fire over tweets about reinforcing the travel just hours after London terror attack Trump condemns London Mayor after terror attack: President blasts Sadiq Khan for saying there's 'no reason to be alarmed' after seven died and ridicules 'politically correct' response Family pay tribute to Canadian woman killed in terror attack who volunteered at homeless shelters and moved to Europe to live with her fiance  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort as they continue their whirlwind Australian honeymoon KATIE HOPKINS: You’re right, Theresa. We cannot go on like this. But do you have the balls to do what’s REALLY needed and lock up the 3,000 terror suspects tomorrow? Armed police arrest 12 - including four women - at East London tower block in connection with terror attack as officers swoop on a flat above a Paddy Power shop less than a mile away  The Google employee and his wife who lived in a $2,000 RV in the company's parking lot for TWO YEARS to save money so they could afford to buy a real home Dressed to the nines! The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Jeremy Corbyn accuses Theresa May of ignoring terror warnings when she cut 20,000 police officers and claims she is suppressing a report about Saudi funding of extremists Another fanatic slips through the net: Killer jihadi, 27, 'radicalised by YouTube' was known to police and filmed arguing with officers after unfurling an ISIS flag in a park in a Channel 4 documentary 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin in a series of tweets and insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' Trump faces furious backlash over his tweet condemning London Mayor just hours after London terror attack Harrowing dashcam footage reveals trail of devastation on London Bridge with victims laid strewn across the road as people ran for their lives  More than 100 Muslims gather outside Trump Tower to pray in protest against the president's immigration policies I saw three jihadis shot dead - bang, bang, bang: Dramatic pictures taken by eyewitness who was just yards away show moment eight police cut down terrorists in a hail of 50 bullets  'Stay with me, please, I love you': Bystanders rush to save the lives of injured pedestrians on London Bridge as one woman is heard begging her loved one to 'hold on' while paramedics give CPR  'Nothing stops a Canadian from mowing his lawn': Man does a spot of gardening while a TORNADO rages just yards away Former Michigan ME is NOT convinced Chris Cornell committed suicide and says the rocker's death 'could have been an accident' Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' 'He's a soldier': Father-of-three stabbed FOUR times by Jihadis is pictured bloodied but unbowed in a hospital bed after doctors saved his life - as an angry friend calls on Sadiq Khan to resign over the London Bridge attack  Smash hit Wonder Woman makes $101.4MILLION over the weekend as it becomes highest-grossing film by a female director EVER ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge attack with sick posts vowing more terror  Body of Manchester terror victim Eilidh MacLeod, 14, is repatriated to the Outer Hebrides ahead of the first funeral since the attack Chilling footage shows blood-soaked victims of London Bridge attack desperately hiding from terrorists in a Borough Market pub  PIERS MORGAN: Mrs May talks tough now but what did she do when she was in charge of the Home Office? She cut police numbers by 20,000. And now we’re paying the price in blood. MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Local News Sports Living Classifieds 73° Full Menu 73° Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:12 Sprouts Farmers Market grocery opens into Raleigh Pause 1:11 The moment Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg got his acceptance letter to Harvard 0:16 Cook Like No One’s Watching – 2017 IKEA Catalog 0:58 IKEA is coming to Cary 1:24 McNeill Pointe development planned for Wake Forest Road area 2:54 Credit Suisse to add 1,200 workers in the Triangle after repeal of HB2 3:16 Take a ride inside Google's self-driving car 1:03 Celebrating Independent Bookstore Day in NC 1:43 RTP startup founded by military vet automates gun cleaning 0:50 Lenovo promotes technology and art in Wake schools Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Video: The newest addition to the grocery store landscape in Raleigh is Sprouts Farmers Market. The Arizona based chain features fresh organic produce at low prices in an open market atmosphere at their location on Falls of Neuse Road. Robert Willett rwillett@newsobserver.com Video: The newest addition to the grocery store landscape in Raleigh is Sprouts Farmers Market. The Arizona based chain features fresh organic produce at low prices in an open market atmosphere at their location on Falls of Neuse Road. Robert Willett rwillett@newsobserver.com Business June 02, 2017 11:42 AM Wegmans, Sprouts, Lidl: New grocers spark store wars By David Ranii dranii@newsobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Get ready to reap the benefits of a whole new level of competition among the Triangle’s grocery stores. The competitive fires are being stoked by an invasion of new supermarket brands – Publix, Wegmans, Sprouts Farmers Market and Lidl – that already have begun vying, or soon will be vying, to become your new go-to store. Economics 101 dictates that’s good for consumers. [READ MORE: Wegmans coming to Raleigh] “You’re going to get better prices,” said supermarket industry analyst Phil Lempert, who’s also editor of the SuperMarketGuru.com website. “You’re going to getter better stores. You’re going to get better assortment. You’re going to get better service. All of those.” But there’s a downside as well. Your favorite neighborhood supermarket may not survive the upheaval. “There will be some casualties,” said David Livingston, a Wisconsin-based supermarket analyst who helps grocers identify and evaluate new store locations. Livingston predicts that the region’s entrenched grocers will also feel the impact of new competition on its existing workforce. “What is further damaging to these chains is companies like Wegmans and Publix, they’re going to attract the best employees (from) the competition because they’re really good employers,” he said. The influx of new supermarket chains comes at a time when some of the region’s top grocery chains already are seeing their market shares eroding as a result of new competition, according to Chain Store Guide. Three of the top four grocers in the Raleigh market – Walmart Supercenter, Food Lion and Kroger – lost market share from 2014 to 2016 while Sam’s Club, Costco and Publix posted gains with the benefit of new stores. No. 3 Harris Teeter maintained its market share during that span after adding two stores in the Raleigh market, which Chain Store Guide defines as Wake, Johnston and Franklin counties. In the Durham-Chapel Hill region that includes four counties – Chatham, Durham, Orange and Person – market leader Walmart Supercenter lost market share over the past two years but the next three in line – Food Lion, Kroger and Harris Teeter – gained. [READ MORE: Harris Teeter opening gas stations in Triangle] Preparing for the onslaught Some of the Triangle’s entrenched supermarket brands have been taking steps to up their game as the competition heats up. A few years ago Lowes Foods shuttered its poorly performing stores in the area and remodeled others for a more upscale look. Last year Fresh Market launched a new look as well, and this year Aldi announced it would spend $1.6 billion to upgrade 1,300 U.S. stores, including some in the Triangle. Meanwhile, Harris Teeter has added fuel centers selling gasoline at select locations. And Harris Teeter and Food Lion, in a nod to the competition emerging on another flank from the likes of Amazon and meal delivery companies such as Blue Apron, recently added home delivery services, including for beer and wine. The invasion of new grocery brands began in 2014 when Florida-based Publix, the nation’s largest employee-owned grocery chain, opened a store in Cary. Since then it has opened three other stores – in Apex, Wake Forest and a second Cary site. Publix plans to open a third Cary store later this year, and also intends to open stores in Raleigh and Durham in 2018. But the Durham site, which must be rezoned, faces opposition. [READ MORE: Harris Teeter to deliver groceries in Triangle] More to come Publix spokeswoman Kim Reynolds said the chain is still looking for other sites in the region. “I expect more announcements will come down the road,” she said. Arizona-based Sprouts, which touts its selection of affordable natural and organic foods, entered the market in mid-March when it opened a store along Falls of Neuse Road in North Raleigh. The 270-store chain, which is expanding in North Carolina and Florida this year after entering Georgia, Alabama and Tennessee in 2015, has no definite plans for a second Triangle store but “growth in the southeast continues to be a priority for Sprouts,” spokeswoman Erin Miller wrote in an email. Next up is Germany-based Lidl, one of the biggest supermarket chains in the world with more than 10,000 stores worldwide. Lidl intends to open a store in Wake Forest this summer, on the heels of five North Carolina stores scheduled to open June 15 – in Sanford, Rocky Mount, Greenville, Kinston and Winston-Salem. It’s all part of Lidl’s aggressive plan to open 100 U.S. stores in its first year of operation here, and there have been rumblings that other Triangle stores may be on the way. Underlining its commitment to the wider region, Lidl has opened a nearly 1 million-square-foot distribution center and regional headquarters in Alamance County. Then there’s Wegmans, which hails from Rochester, N.Y., and has inspired a cult-like following. It has unveiled definite plans for four stores – one in Raleigh, two in Cary, one in Chapel Hill – but hasn’t yet announced construction time lines or opening dates. [READ MORE: Cary development with Wegmans moves forward] “We’re also considering other sites in the Raleigh/Durham market,” noted Wegmans spokeswoman Valerie Fox, who added that the company is “very choosy about our sites.” Some Triangle consumers are eager to try out new brands. Justin Johnson, 28, an antiques dealer who lives in Wake Forest, said he showed up for the grand opening of the new Sprouts store in North Raleigh at the recommendation of his girlfriend. “I heard they had good prices and a good organic section,” said Johnson, who agreed with that assessment and has been coming back to the store once or twice a week ever since. “We eat mostly organic.” Four-year-old Peyton Gilreath of Raleigh munches on a green bean as she rides in the shopping cart with her mother at the new Sprouts Farmers Market grocery store on Falls of Neuse Road in Raleigh. Robert Willett rwillett@newsobserver.com Elizabeth Culver, 47, a retired social worker who moved to Raleigh from New Jersey two years ago, also has become a fan of Sprouts. “I like the fruits and vegetables,” Culver said. “I think they are the freshest (of) all the supermarkets.” That said, she also knows Wegmans and can’t wait for it to come to town. “My daughter took me to Wegmans in New Jersey and I fell in love with it,” she said. “I’ll probably become a Wegmans shopper.” Geography plays a crucial role in the new brands’ arrival, as Wegmans has been expanding to the south while Publix has been making its way north. Sprouts and Lidl likewise are expanding across the region. “A lot of the retailers are looking at ways to expand their geography,” said Roger Beahm, executive director of the Center for Retail Innovation at Wake Forest University’s School of Business. He noted that most grocery store chains are regional. At the same time, however, the Raleigh market is highly desirable. Last year retail sales here rose here at the second-highest pace in the nation at 6.3 percent, more than double the national average of 2.5 percent, according to commercial real estate firm Marcus & Millichap. The firm projects that retail sales in Raleigh will rise even faster, 6.5 percent, in 2017. Smaller stores Two of the new brands entering the market, Sprouts and Lidl, offer smaller stores than traditional supermarkets – as do chains such as Aldi, Fresh Market and Trader Joe’s. Even Walmart has gotten into the act with its small-format Walmart Neighborhood Markets. “Consumers are looking for a whole different kind of shopping experience,” said Lempert. The Lidl prototype store in Fredericksburg, Va. The German company will open five stores in North Carolina on June 15 – in Sanford, Rocky Mount, Greenville, Kinston and Winston-Salem. A Lidl store in Wake Forest will open a little later this summer. Lidl Courtesy Smaller stores mean fewer products on the shelves. But, said Lempert, many consumers who are pressed for time have discovered that they don’t need the 40,000 products offered by traditional-sized stores. Instead, they’d rather breeze in and out of a store that may not sell a wide array of different types of olive oil but has selected a few that are highly appealing. Many of these smaller stores also rely heavily on their own brands. For example, at Lidl stores, about 90 percent of the products will be the store’s “premium private label,” said spokesman Will Harwood. Quality store brands can be a major selling point with consumers. “You can buy the national brands at any of the retail grocery stores, but you can only get the private brand ... at that particular store, Beahm said. Publix and Wegmans are in many ways more traditional supermarkets, but both are seen as well-run, formidable competitors with top-notch customer service. Wegmans also has distinguished itself with its “grocerants,” which are restaurants within the store that offer dining on-site as well as take-out meals. “I wish every market (had) a Wegmans and a Publix across the country,” Lempert said. “It would be a much better place.” Existing supermarket brands that want to thrive despite the competition will need to invest in sprucing up their old stores as well as building new ones. “The ones that can’t afford to invest in new brick and mortar will close older, less profitable stores and just keep open the ones that are maintaining profit margins,” Beahm said. That, he noted, is a no-win proposition over the long-term. David Ranii: 919-829-4877, @dranii Grocery store market share Here’s a rundown of the 2016 market share numbers for the top grocery stores/food retailers in the Raleigh market, which for this survey is defined as Wake, Johnston and Franklin counties. Store brand No. of Raleigh stores 2016 market share Walmart Supercenter 18 20.1 % Food Lion 62 18.6% Harris Teeter 30 16.4% Kroger 8 7.0% Sam’s Club 4 5.3% Costco 2 5.2% Lowes Foods 15 4.7% BJ’s Wholesale 4 4.3% Target 12 3.4% Whole Foods 3 2.5% Publix 3 2.2% Trader Joe’s 2 1.3% Walmart Neighborhood Market 3 1.2% Dollar General 39 1.2% Aldi 7 1.0% Dollar Tree 62 1.0% Fresh Market 3 0.7% Carlie C’s 4 0.6% SOURCE: Chain Store Guide Star Wallace purchases fresh bell peppers at the new Sprouts Farmers Market grocery store on Falls of Neuse Road in Raleigh, N.C. Robert Willett rwillett@newsobserver.com Four-year-old Hadley McCann of Rolesville places bananas in her grocery cart during a shopping excursion with her mother Melissa McCann at the new Sprouts Farmers Market grocery store on Falls of Neuse Road in Raleigh. Robert Willett rwillett@newsobserver.com Publix started the influx of new grocery brands to the Triangle market when it opened its first area store in Cary in 2014. It offered tour groups a sneak peek of its offerings ahead of its opening. In this file photo from October 2014, Ming Tan dishes out fresh sushi to Jessica Patrick at the store intersection of Davis Drive and High House Road. Chuck Liddy cliddy@newsobserver.com 1 of 3 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:12 Sprouts Farmers Market grocery opens into Raleigh Pause 1:11 The moment Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg got his acceptance letter to Harvard 0:16 Cook Like No One’s Watching – 2017 IKEA Catalog 0:58 IKEA is coming to Cary 1:24 McNeill Pointe development planned for Wake Forest Road area 2:54 Credit Suisse to add 1,200 workers in the Triangle after repeal of HB2 3:16 Take a ride inside Google's self-driving car 1:03 Celebrating Independent Bookstore Day in NC 1:43 RTP startup founded by military vet automates gun cleaning 0:50 Lenovo promotes technology and art in Wake schools Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 days ago Sprouts Farmers Market grocery opens into Raleigh 0:12 3 days ago Sprouts Farmers Market grocery opens into Raleigh 1:11 16 days ago The moment Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg got his acceptance letter to Harvard 0:16 17 days ago Cook Like No One’s Watching – 2017 IKEA Catalog View More Video Business Correction: Plant Explosion-Wisconsin story Terror attack on London Bridge leaves 6 dead; police shoot 3 The Latest: 12 people arrested over London attack US energy chief reassures Japan of commitment to environment System aims to recreate challenging mountain climbs in gym Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Walmart leverages ‘employees’ for last-mile delivery initiative June 2, 2017 | By Deena M. Amato-McCoy Walmart has a new delivery team dropping off customers' online orders — but they don’t work for a major shipping company or third-party delivery venture.   The retail giant is testing a new delivery concept that leverages its own store employees to drop off online orders right at customers’ front doors. The new program is designed to solve the challenges associated with the last-mile of delivery, which include “cutting shipping costs and getting packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently,” said Walmart’s U.S. digital chief Marc Lore.    The opt-in program, which is app-based, enables employees to set preferences, including how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of those parcels, and which days they’re able to make deliveries after their work shift ends. The app also tries to minimize the collective distance associates need to travel off of their commute when making a delivery.   “Associates are fully in control of their experience. If they don’t want to participate, they don’t have to,” he said. “They can choose to opt in, and they can update those preferences at any time.”   The program is a strategic way to combat Amazon’s signature same-day delivery services. Between a network of 4,700 Walmart stores across the U.S. and more than 1 million associates, “our stores put us within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population,” Lore said.    “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work, and the houses they pass along the way,” he added. “It’s easy to see why this test could be a game-changer.”   The test is currently available in two New Jersey stores, and one in northwest Arkansas. Many orders are being delivered the next day.   Walmart associates are being paid to participate in the program, however the chain did not reveal their compensation, “Associates love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” Lore reported. “An unexpected benefit is they’re finding quicker routes home, thanks to the GPS built into our proprietary app.”  Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Philly tops list of 10 most affordable retail locations BJ's adds former Belk and Dick's Sporting Goods execs to its leadership team Gymboree names retail veteran as CEO The top five breakout trends in shopping centers are… Five in-store amenities helping to drive traffic and engagement Dollar Tree comes out on top Restaurant giant in $1.8 billion acquisition German grocery giant to make a big U.S. debut ahead of schedule Study: Retailers leave money on table due to lack of personalized service Whole Foods Market disappoints Solutions Spotlight The New Era of "Responsive Retail" As the Internet of Things continues to drive the next era of retail, companies need to be ready to embrace these technologies as a means of meeting its digital shoppers’ evolving demands. This webinar from Intel will delve into how its new platform will deliver business value through improved inventory accuracy, advanced human capital and a new level of engagement. Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you expect the Republican party’s proposed tax reforms will help or hurt the retailing industry? Help Hurt Very little impact Not sure Hot Concepts The Reimagining of Cumberland Farms Cumberland Farms, a convenience store fixture in New England and central... First Look: Target’s next-generation store concept Target Corp. has unveiled its next-generation store format, which will make... Amazon debuts grocery pick-up concept More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Study: E-commerce fraud is declining — but the battle continues E-commerce fraud as a percent of sales dollars may be on the decline, however... Shopping must-haves for Generations Y and Z are… New attitudes, behaviors and shopping preferences among Generation Z and... Report: Facebook caters to hungry members There’s a new Facebook service that users are sure to “like:... Trending Stores Original Penguin, Aspen, Colorado Original Penguin has opened a pop-up in Aspen.  More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Own Brands Now Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media Health Events Live   © 2017 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, June 04, 2017, 11:27 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Shoplifter fought with customer who tried to stop him at west Little Rock Wal-Mart, police say By Gavin Lesnick This article was published June 2, 2017 at 10:07 a.m. Comments (4) aAFont Size Search mug shots, government salaries, crime maps and more at our Right2Know page. A shoplifter at a west Little Rock Wal-Mart pushed an employee and then fought with a customer who gave chase before escaping, police said. It happened about 10:20 a.m. Thursday at the Wal-Mart at 700 S. Bowman Road, according to a Little Rock Police Department report. The worker told investigators the man pushed past her after failing to pay for two watches and two speakers and then ran from the store, according to the report. A customer chased after the thief and the two fought in the parking lot before the assailant got away, police said. Authorities searched the area but did not locate the shoplifter. The worker was uninjured. Police were unable to locate the customer who gave chase. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Little Rock Zoo's lion exhibit to close for f... Fake Cheesecake Factory sign sparks buzz in 1... Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' fo... Tillerson: U.S. still will cut emissions desp... Shoplifter fought with customer who tried to ... Arkansas woman killed after vehicle runs off ... Arkansas man accused of assaulting teen daugh... Police: Part of Arkansas man's ear bitten off... Little Rock man strikes pregnant girlfriend w... Comments on: Shoplifter fought with customer who tried to stop him at west Little Rock Wal-Mart, police say To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. Displaying 1 - 4 of 4 total comments HarleyOwner says... June 2, 2017 at 10:56 a.m. The smartest and safest thing would have been to be a good witness and get a license plate number ( permalink | suggest removal ) titleist10 says... June 2, 2017 at 1:39 p.m. Why no discription? ( permalink | suggest removal ) hurricane46 says... June 2, 2017 at 7:26 p.m. They can't have good security, yet can pay BIG money to bring big talent to shareholders meeting. ( permalink | suggest removal ) TravisBickle says... June 2, 2017 at 9:03 p.m. The smartest thing is to let the thief go. After all, it's not your stuff he's stealing. What if he'd had a gun or knife? ( permalink | suggest removal ) page 1 To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 'Executive privilege' to quiet Comey called an option (29 comments) Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (32 comments) 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack (6 comments) Pulled from reality (4 comments) 2 leaders affirm climate pledges (2 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (35 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Walmart Using Store Workers To Deliver Packages 6/2/2017 10:41 AM ET Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) is testing the concept of using its store employees to deliver packages to customers' houses on their commute home, terming it as a "last-mile innovation". The retail giant noted that the move will cut shipping costs and enable packages to be delivered faster and more efficiently, "creating a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business." "Unlike crowd-sourced delivery, where the driver has to travel (often out of the way) to pick up the package, then drive the full distance to deliver it, our associates are starting at the same place as the packages," Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart eCommerce U.S., said in a blog post. According to Wal-Mart, trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickups and can be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to the final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver the package to the customer's house. The company noted that the move will also give associates a way to earn extra income on their existing drive back home. Wal-Mart said it has developed a proprietary app that will allow employees to sign up for the program, while the participation is optional. Associates who choose to participate in the program can set preferences on choosing the number of packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of those packages, and the days they are able to make deliveries after work. In addition, Wal-Mart will allocate packages based on minimizing the collective distance associates need to travel off of their commute to make a delivery. Wal-Mart is starting with three test stores - two in New Jersey and one in northwest Arkansas, noting that the response from associates and customers was great. The company noted that many orders are being delivered the next day. "Walmart has strength in numbers with 4,700 stores across the U.S. and more than a million associates. Our stores put us within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population," the retailer said. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Hell on Earth: The World's 10 Most Fragile Nations As Global Tensions Mount, The 10 Nations With The Highest Military Spending 10 Nations With The Best Maternity leave Previous Story Next Story More Top Stories Asian Markets Mostly Lower Buffalo Wild Wings CEO Has Been Pushed Out Stocks Shrug Off Weak Jobs Data To Close Mostly Higher - U.S. Commentary Harley-Davidson Recalls 46,000 Motorcycles Tillerson Says U.S. Will Continue Efforts To Reduce Emissions Republican Senator Doesn't See Healthcare Deal This Year Gymboree Going Belly Up? Stocks Seeing Further Upside In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary Recall Of Birth Control Pills GOP Leaders, White House Rally Behind Trump On Climate Deal Pull Out Burger King Is Not The King Of Belgium JetBlue Testing Facial Recognition For Boarding Trump Administration Appeals Rulings Blocking Travel Ban To Supreme Court Former 7-Eleven Franchisee Opens 6-Twelve Convenience Store Stocks Move Higher Despite Weaker Than Expected Job Growth - U.S. Commentary <<Previous        102 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Wal-Mart Stores Annual Shareholders' Meeting At 9:00 AM ET Wal-Mart Stores Annual Shareholders' Meeting At 9:00 AM ET Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) Broke Out To A New High On Strong Q1 Earnings Lidl To Rival Aldi And Walmart, Bringing 5,000 Jobs To U.S. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) Is Up After Q1 Profit Surpassed Expectations Trade WMT now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Burger King Is Not The King Of Belgium JetBlue Testing Facial Recognition For Boarding Walmart Using Store Workers To Deliver Packages The World's 10 Most Fragile Nations Utah DUI Law: Come For Vacation, Leave On Probation? Linde Stock Up As Boards Agree Merger With Praxair State Sues Big Pharma For Opioid Carnage Meal Ingredient Delivery Start-up Blue Apron Files For IPO Paul Allen Shows Off World's Largest Airplane Wall Street Expert Predicts 25% Of Malls Will Close By 2020 Starbucks Serving Beer And Wine In Vancouver Apple To Launch Siri Speaker Product To Rival Echo FDA Greenlights Novo Nordisk's Rebinyn, TEVA's HALO Shines, LUCY Walks The Talk Gainers & Losers Of June 1: XBIT, CBMG, COLL, NEOT, MACK... Company Spotlight: Albireo Pharma ALBO Spikes, GLYC Abuzz, FDA Approves 1st Generic Strattera For ADHD State Sues Big Pharma For Opioid Carnage Gainers & Losers Of May 31: NDRM, CBIO, SUPN, MACK, VSTM... Nintendo Joining Theme Park Boom Masters Of War: 10 Nations With The Highest Military Budgets FDA Grants Breakthrough Therapy Designation For Alnylam's Givosiran Starbucks Serving Beer And Wine In Vancouver Wall Street Expert Predicts 25% Of Malls Will Close By 2020 Apple To Launch Siri Speaker Product To Rival Echo Inovio, Roche Enter Into Clinical Collaboration For Advanced Bladder Cancer Mazda May U.S. Sales Down 7.9% ICE To Buy Global Research Index Platform From Bank Of America Merrill Lynch Patterson Says Scott Anderson Steps Down As Chairman, President And CEO Micro Focus: HPE Software Revenue Down In Q2, H1 - Quick Facts Johnson Matthey FY Profit Rises; Revenue Up 12% - Quick Facts Endologix Reports Positive Clinical Data From Ovation LUCY Study Hewlett Packard Enterprise Q2 Income Declines 20% Occidental Petroleum Appoints Cedric Burgher As CFO Masters Of War: 10 Nations With The Highest Military Budgets FDA Grants Breakthrough Therapy Designation For Alnylam's Givosiran National Bank of Canada Reports 108% Increase In Q2 Bottom Line Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Balch Springs Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County Keller LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas North Richland Hills Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Trade Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close DMN Staff Wal-Mart CEO thinks no one should pay $99 for free shipping Filed under Retail at 2 days ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Maria Halkias Connect with Maria Halkias On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Updated at 2 p.m. with comments from annual meeting and Q&A Fayetteville, Ark. -- A big message from Wal-Mart to its shareholders this year is about leveraging stores and technology to boost its e-commerce business. CEO Doug McMillon told shareholders on Friday that the company has "started to invent the future of shopping again." Wal-Mart was a technology leader years ago particularly in its supply chain, and that helped to give it a price advantage. It's trying to rebuild a technology advantage while lowering costs and prices, he said.  "We're putting capabilities in place now and we want to have a lower price structure than anyone else." Much of that has to do with growing its e-commerce business. Wal-Mart is giving customers a discount for picking up online orders in the store. It's expanding online grocery ordering and curbside pickup to 1,100 stores this year. Dallas-Fort Worth is its largest market for its online grocery business. Asked about online prices often being lower than in the store, McMillon said prices can change faster online than in stores, but the company is starting to tackle that issue one category at a time. It lowered free two-day shipping to $25 earlier this year. McMillon took a jab at Amazon Prime's $99 a year membership fee. Last year, Wal-Mart briefly tried a $49 membership program but ditched it and gave customers their money back. "People are paying a membership fee for free shipping. It's not free if you have to pay a membership. A lot of customers don't have $100 to give away," McMillon said. (Amazon Prime members have access to original entertainment and other free services.) How much do Dallas-Fort Worth shoppers like buying groceries online? Just ask Wal-Mart Several ideas are in the works including one hard-to-miss piece of giant hardware in bright orange that will soon be landing in more stores, including six in the Dallas area. Digital commerce is moving so fast that it's hard to predict what's going to stick with the shopper five years from now, said Wal-Mart U.S. CEO Greg Foran. "That's why we have to have a few things in the hopper." An undisclosed number of Wal-Mart stores across the U.S. are getting a vending machine that dispenses online purchases and maybe one-ups Amazon.com's lockers. The 16-foot tall tower, which was nicknamed Rapunzel while in development, is a vending machine for online purchases. A customer scans her order bar code sent to her on her smartphone and a door slides open. An arm inside the machine goes to the correct tray holding her package and sends the tray down to the door. It happens in less than a minute. Wal-Mart employees are making online deliveries on their way home Wal-Mart says 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of one of their stores and the Pickup Tower -- its official name -- works for small packages. Bigger items are still handled by store staff. Shoppers' orders enter the Pickup Tower the same way they come out. There's only one door to this steel structure. Wal-Mart employees load the tower with bar codes on packages logged by the tower. It's eight feet in diameter and can hold 300 orders. Wal-Mart has been testing the tower in a handful of stores in Rogers, Ark.; Woodhaven, Mich.; outside of Detroit and in Katy west of Houston. The Rogers store was the first one to get it last September. Wal-Mart doesn't have a timetable for the Pickup Tower rollout. The store list may also change. Stores in North Texas that are expected to get the tower are in Waxahachie, The Colony, LBJ Freeway in Dallas, Plano, Marsh Lane in Dallas and Clifford Street in Fort Worth. A Wal-Mart convenience store? Retail giant tests the concept in small town Texas When Wal-Mart lowered the minimum purchase to $25 for two-day free shipping, Amazon matched it. Wal-Mart's $3.3 billion purchase of Jet.com also came with a new head of e-commerce. Marc Lore, founder of Jet.com, is now CEO of Wal-Mart's e-commerce division. Other recent e-commerce acquisitions include shoe retailer Shoebuy, women's apparel retailer ModCloth, outdoor gear retailer Moosejaw and home furnishings retailer Hayneedle. The company is gaining expertise and merchandise suppliers that Walmart.com didn't have, said Lore. "We're gaining rich content and relationships with those brands." About 1 million items make up two-thirds of online orders across the industry, Lore said. That number of items is basically what is found among mass market brick-and-mortar retailers within a 10-mile radius of most consumers, he said. Across its brands, Lore said, customers have access to 50 million items. McMillon said even in a world of technology and algorithms, he still thinks stores are going to be the dominant way that people shop and merchants will be filling the stores. "Every item in the world won't be visible on the internet," he said. Wal-Mart's UK Asda division has been in the online grocery business for more than 15 years, and still today 90 percent of the business is done in stores, he said. Twitter: @MariaHalkias Correction: A typo was corrected on June 4 at 7:20 a.m. A reference to "10 million radius" should have read 10-mile radius.  View Comments Tags Retail Business Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. 6 articles left Get Unlimited Digital Access Subscribe Now Already a subscriber?Or Login Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Menu Primary Menu Skip to content Local News Events Sports Society Obituaries Opinion Classifieds Contact Us Show Header Sidebar Content Search for: Facebook Twitter Email Chipley Bugle The Little Paper with the Big Toot Home »Local News»Story behind the flags Story behind the flags Posted onMay 30, 2017May 30, 2017Authoreditor8 Comments submitted by Dawn Veit The flag story. Last Memorial Day I became a little upset that Chipley did not display flags. I admired Wausau for their flags and stated that on my Facebook page. I was then challenged to do something about it and I took the challenge. By July 4th I had 100 flags, 75 sponsored in Honor of or in Memory of someone’s loved one. A blue ribbon, with the loved one’s name embroidered on it, was attached to each flag pole. Next was how to display them. One day it just came to me that we could use umbrella bases. After going to every Walmart and every Lowes, my family had 100 bases for the 100 flags. Now it came to what to put in the base to weight them down. For July 4th I used water but between leaks and the hot weather (evaporating) it just did not work as well as we wanted. Sand/dirt came next. The problem was that the bases had to have a flap cut into them so that the dirt could go in and this weakened the base. We used these for Veterans Day but the dirt clomped because moisture seeped into it. This made the flags tilt. After much thought, me and my husband came up with using mortar/cement with bases that are wider on the bottom and gradually become small to the top, pyramid shape. We labored to fill 62 bases and the results were great, no leakage, no clomping. This Memorial Day I had over 140 flags to display and the flags had to go out early because my husband was going to be out of town and it can not be done without him. Tuesday night I did not sleep, I had just seen on the news that we were going to have wind gust up to 25 miles and I was not sure the bases would hold. At 5am Wednesday we put the flags out and because there was little wind they looked great. As I finished and was heading home one of the flags fell over. I rushed to Walmart and bought 25 gallon jugs of water and added water to each of the bases to help weight them down. No luck. Between the wind gust and the tractor trailers rushing down 90, the bases could not hold the flags up. I don’t think I could have done anything to the bases to make them hold under the circumstances. I ended up meeting Chipley’s Chief of Police, who was nice enough to gather up the down flags and helped me load them into my van. I waited till that evening, when the winds died down, to set them back up. I am thankful to say the winds stayed under 10 MPH and the flags were fine. Yes, everyday a few flags had to be adjusted but not bad out of 142 flags. Now, I would do nothing to show disrespect to our flag and so I need to face two concerns. One concern was that the flags hang close to the ground.. Let me explain. I use 6 foot flag poles with 3ft by 5ft flags. The bases are 6 inches high and we use PVC pipe to fastened the pole into the base, which adds about an inch in height. Longer poles will make the flag too top heavy, which would make it easier to tip over. The flag does not touch the ground unless the pole becomes very tilted in the base. This can easily be fixed, just straighten it back up. Second concern is that the flags that get blown over and lay on the ground should be destroyed. I panicked on this one, Mother Nature has a mind of her own and the flags will tip over. I looked up flag etiquette and thankfully the flag can continue to be displayed and can even be washed. My family has put over 100 hours of love and labor into the flags and we are still learning. We will strengthen the bases once again before July 4 and will hopefully find an alternative by Veterans Day. We love Chipley, this country and the American flag and we humbly apologize to those that think we have been disrespectful in any way. The Veit Family Like this: Like Loading... CategoriesLocal News 8 thoughts on “Story behind the flags” Katherine Riley says: May 30, 2017 at 11:23 am I visited my home town of Chipley and as always, I drive through town. I get very emotional when I see all the flags displayed and am so thankful for all your time and effort! Thank you very much. Reply Dawn Veit says: May 30, 2017 at 1:32 pm Thank you Katherine. Your kind words are very much appreciated. Reply editor says: May 30, 2017 at 3:24 pm Dawn, Could you please provide some contact info for those wanting to sponsor a flag? Reply Dawn Veit says: May 30, 2017 at 5:14 pm To sponsor a flag just call or message me at 850-774-3564. You can sponsor a flag in Honor or in Memory of a love one, a family or a business. The cost is $75. I have 30 flags that need sponsors. Thank you! Reply Donna says: May 30, 2017 at 2:51 pm Thank you over and over again for the extreme effort in showing that Chipley, Florida is proud to be apart of the United States of America. Long has the respect been deteriorating across the country and we need to be careful to not lose the wonderful gift that so many lost their lives defending. Thank you and never apologize for your patriotic pride and love. Reply Dawn Veit says: May 30, 2017 at 5:22 pm Thank you Donna! If we all can work together we can once again bring back the respect for our beautiful flag and our wonderful country that has been, as you have said, deteriorating. Reply Karen Weeks says: June 1, 2017 at 1:50 pm Thanks to the Veit family for your love of country. Thank you for all the hard work that was put into the wonderful display! Reply Dawn Veit says: June 1, 2017 at 6:18 pm Thank you Karen ❤️ Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Follow us on TwitterMy Tweets May 2017 S M T W T F S « Apr   Jun »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Footer Menu Skip to content About the Bugle Advertising Churches Pictures from the Past Schools Copyright © 2000-2017 Chipley Bugle. All Rights Reserved. Scroll Up Local News Events Sports Society Obituaries Opinion Classifieds Contact Us %d bloggers like this:
Home News Business Crime Watch 8 Entertainment I-Team 8 Indiana News Local News National Photos Politics Strange Traffic Web Link 8 World Weather Alerts All Maps & Links Closings & Delays Forecast Future Cast Get Weather Text Alerts Interactive Radar LWS Stream Radar Severe Weather Severe Weather Preparedness Weather Blog Sports College Basketball College Football Colts Cubs and White Sox broadcast schedule Fever High School High School Scoreboard Indianapolis 500 Indy Eleven MLB NASCAR NBA NFL NHL Pacers Indy Style Contests Segments Report It Report It Galleries Submit to Report It Community Community Calendar CW 8 Gas Prices I Love To Read Indiana’s Hidden History Lottery Obituaries WISH Patrol WISH-TV Puppy Cam More About Us Contact Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contests Get Text Alerts Internships at WISH Work for Us Watch Live 75° F Overcast Hi: 87° F Lo: 65° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Business Crime Watch 8 Entertainment I-Team 8 Indiana News Local News National Photos Politics Strange Traffic Web Link 8 World Featured: Indianapolis 500 Latest Headlines Homicide detectives investigate after 19-year-old shot, killed June 4, 2017 So far, police have not released any information about a possible suspect or motive. Indy man airlifted after ATV crash in Fountain County June 4, 2017 Officers said he was not wearing a helmet or other protective gear at the time of the crash. Motorcyclists come out for Riley Miracle Ride June 4, 2017 IMPD seeks help in search for missing 65-year-old man June 4, 2017 5-year-old Anderson boy shot in head with BB gun, hospitalized June 4, 2017 Weather Weather Alerts All Maps & Links Closings & Delays Forecast Future Cast Get Weather Text Alerts Interactive Radar LWS Stream Radar Severe Weather Severe Weather Preparedness Weather Blog Current Conditions 75° F Overcast Feels Like: 75° F Wind: WSW 10 Humidity: 64% Dewpoint: 62° F Sunrise: 6:17 AM Sunset: 9:08 PM Indianapolis Weather 8-Day Forecast Indy Radar Temp Feels Like Sat-Rad Almanac Wind Speed Sponsored by: Sports College Basketball College Football Colts Cubs and White Sox broadcast schedule Fever High School High School Scoreboard Indianapolis 500 Indy Eleven MLB NASCAR NBA NFL NHL Pacers Indy Style Contests Segments Report It Report It Galleries Submit to Report It Community Community Calendar CW 8 Gas Prices I Love To Read Indiana’s Hidden History Lottery Obituaries WISH Patrol WISH-TV Puppy Cam More About Us Contact Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contests Get Text Alerts Internships at WISH Work for Us Watch Live Search for: Search the site 75° F Overcast Hi: 87° F Lo: 65° F Walmart testing new delivery program Staff Reports Published: June 2, 2017, 9:41 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Photo: WKRN) INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) – Walmart stores is testing a a new program that the retailer hopes will help it solve “last mile” issues tied to getting e-commerce purchases to customers. They plan to have store workers deliver packages. The retail giant says it can cut shipping costs and get purchases to customers faster. For more on this story and other stories currently making headlines in the business world, click on the video. Never miss another Facebook post from WISH-TV Share this: Facebook Google Email Print More Pinterest Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Kroger to end senior discount Target testing next-day restocking program for household essentials Local food producers scramble to save money amid Marsh closures Google wants to connect their ads to what consumers buy in brick and mortar stores Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending Now Marion County News 1 dead, another injured following 2 separate shootings early Sunday June 4, 2017 Both shootings remain under investigation. Dozens rally downtown, call for end to violence in Indianapolis June 3, 2017 The family of a teen who was shot and killed is calling for change. Former IMPD officer convicted of reckless homicide to be released from prison June 3, 2017 Former IMPD officer David Bisard could be released from prison as early as next week. Business Headlines Seeing ‘Wonder Woman’ Saturday could benefit local organizations June 2, 2017 During Empower Saturday at the IMAX Theater, $1 from each ticket sale to Wonder Woman showings will got to benefit several Indianapolis orga… Unflappable Ananya Vinay wins National Spelling Bee June 2, 2017 The 12-year-old from Fresno, California, showed little emotion and didn’t take much time as she plowed through word after word. Kathy Griffin and lawyer to discuss Trump photo fallout June 2, 2017 The 56-year-old comic has faced controversies before for her abrasive humor, but none as widespread as the one generated by Tuesday’s images… Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WISH-TV © 2000-2017 LIN Television of Texas, LP, a Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Station About Us Contact Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contests Advertise With Us Reception Trouble? Sections News Indianapolis Weather Forecast Traffic Sports Report It I-Team 8 Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File FCC Public File Help EEO Report Child Programming Nexstar Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/wcfpxke103o1mn/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live Live look at the NYC skyline from the Empire State Building to 1 WTC RADAR: Heavy rain and thunderstorms hitting parts of the South Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Kittens nap and play on ‘Dorm Cam’ in Los Angeles Penguin cam from the Kansas City Zoo in Missouri Friends of Forsythe osprey cam in Oceanville, NJ Jellyfish cam from the Georgia Aquarium Old Faithful Geyser in Yellowstone National Park Live look at the beach surf in Cape May, NJ Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass from the Blue Shutters Beachside Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Walmart asks employees to voluntarily deliver packages on their way home from work More The company is testing a delivery service that asks employees to deliver online orders at the end of their shifts. 0:51 | 06/02/17 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for Walmart asks employees to voluntarily deliver packages on their way home from work Today's tech bytes wal mart's new delivery app test matches online order delivery addresses what Wal-Mart employees driving route. Employees who volunteer and then deliver packages on their way home. The program is being tested at three Wal-Mart locations the dating app bumble. Isn't just a virtual meeting space anymore its founder has opened a brick and mortar location in New York City. The top of spot is being called the Hyatt is designed to be space for dates or just hang out spot trends it's a great idea and it turns out dolphins are almost as tech savvy as humans who. May be better. Dolphins and the national career and Baltimore now on the giant underwater touch screen chock full of apps they can play games like whack mall using their noses to tap images of fish floating across the screen. Just imagine if their liquor bumble version of that influence went down just up for them as human. This that stuff and again did you do right. This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Walmart to Shut Down 269 Stores Globally Including 154 in the US Walmart says the closing stores represent less than 1 percent of its global square footage and revenue. Now Playing: Walmart to Shut Down 269 Stores Globally Including 154 in the US Now Playing: Walmart Backlash Over Store Closings Now Playing: Fifth-graders use the latest technology to change a fellow classmate's life Now Playing: Walmart asks employees to voluntarily deliver packages on their way home from work Now Playing: Apple is rumored to soon announce the release of its Siri-powered smart speaker Now Playing: NASA to send unmanned probe to investigate the sun Now Playing: Astronaut demonstrates eating pudding in space Now Playing: Ex-Playboy model apologizes after body shaming 70-year-old Now Playing: Milestone for Amazon as stock price tops $1,000 Now Playing: Samsung Galaxy Note 8 rumored to have massive 6.3-inch display Now Playing: Keeping your family safe from potential fire extinguisher dangers Now Playing: Apple to introduce artificial intelligence to the iPhone Now Playing: Apps that help find refunds after a purchase Now Playing: Introducing T-Mobile 'Digits' Now Playing: Raising funds on Facebook Now Playing: How obsessive gamers can quit playing Now Playing: Microsoft releasing new version of the Surface Pro Now Playing: People turn to Twitter to find loved ones in wake of Manchester attack Now Playing: Facebook launches a new food ordering app Now Playing: New device touted as preventing shark attacks Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":47786794,"title":"Walmart asks employees to voluntarily deliver packages on their way home from work","duration":"0:51","description":"The company is testing a delivery service that asks employees to deliver online orders at the end of their shifts.","url":"/Technology/video/walmart-asks-employees-voluntarily-deliver-packages-home-work-47786794","section":"Technology","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 2 June 2017 | MYT 7:03 PM Wal-Mart tests delivery of online packages by store workers The delivery programme is voluntary for store workers and allows them to sign up for a maximum of 10 deliveries a day. The retailer did not share details on compensation of workers who sign up. — Reuters FAYETTEVILLE, Arkansas: Wal-Mart Stores Inc is testing a programme that allows store workers to deliver packages ordered on the store's website after they finish their shifts, as the retailer looks for ways to close the gap with rival Amazon.com Inc.  Marc Lore, head of Wal-Mart's e-commerce operations, said in a blog post on Thursday the step will cut shipping costs, speed the delivery of packages and allow workers to earn additional compensation.  Wal-Mart's stores are within 10 miles (16 km) of 90% of the US population, Lore said. "Imagine all the routes our associates drive to and fro from work and the houses they pass along the way. It's easy to see why this test could be a game changer," he said.  Since he joined in August, Lore has helped spearhead some aggressive moves intended to boost the retailer's online business. Wal-Mart completed its US$3bil (RM12.84bil) acquisition of Lore's former company, internet retailer Jet.com, in September.  Lore has overseen Wal-Mart's acquisitions of three online retailers and made other e-commerce changes. Wal-Mart now offers free two-day shipping on online orders above US$35 (RM150), without any membership fees, to compete with Amazon's popular Prime shipping programme.  Wal-Mart said on Thursday its trucks deliver packages to a retail location for store pickup and the same trucks can bring additional orders a worker can sign up to deliver.  The delivery programme is voluntary for store workers and allows them to sign up for a maximum of 10 deliveries a day. The retailer did not share details on compensation of workers who sign up.  The test is limited to three stores in New Jersey and Arkansas. Wal-Mart will hold its annual shareholder meeting on Friday in Arkansas. — Reuters Related Stories You May Be Interested Google’s Chrome browser to start blocking annoying ads next year The need to educate investors on ponzi and pyramid scheme Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Sleek and stylish 5 superpowers every mum has 6 beautiful cities to add to your bucket list How to avoid dehydration during Ramadan Others Also Read India shows off space prowess with launch of mega rocket Fed Cup squabble overshadows home fans' joy AirAsia warns of ticket scams advertisement Latest News European telecoms firms pin hopes on Esports video game gladiators China agrees to delay electric car quota by a year Google’s Chrome browser to start blocking annoying ads next year Bansen Labs adapter allows gamers with disabilities to connect with technology Toyota-supported flying car hopes to light the Tokyo 2020 Olympic flame Most Viewed in Tech Bentley on Demand is like Uber for the uber rich Here’s how to know if someone’s blocked you on WhatsApp Microsoft’s weapon in high-stakes cloud-computing battle with Amazon? Freebies After London attack, Facebook says aims to be hostile environment for terrorists Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Sleek and stylish Toyota-supported flying car hopes to light the Tokyo 2020 Olympic flame Google’s Chrome browser to start blocking annoying ads next year Nest Cam IQ security camera can recognise faces Waze unveils carpool app Apple says payouts from App Store total US$70bil Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Walmart's Big New Problem Isn't Amazon By Andrea Felsted Photo by Ulrich Baumgarten via Getty Images Consumer Andrea Felsted Andrea Felsted is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering the consumer and retail industries. She previously worked at the Financial Times. Follow @AndreaFelsted Facebook Twitter Email Print Share June 2, 2017 5:00 AM EDT WAL-MART STORES INC -0.19 At Closing, June 2nd 79.62 USD AMAZON.COM INC +10.78 At Closing, June 2nd 1006.73 USD So far, it's mostly been about Amazon. But Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has a new foe. And it's one it has lost out to before in Europe. It mustn't repeat the same mistakes in its homeland. The world's biggest retailer has been investing heavily in e-commerce in an effort to catch up with Amazon.com Inc. And as my colleague Shelly Banjo has argued, that's paying off. Walmart's online sales are surging. But there's a new competitive front coming: Lidl, the German privately owned no-frills supermarket, will open its first U.S. stores in two weeks time. What's more, this is inspiring Aldi, the rival German discounter that has been there for the last 40 years, to modernize the majority of its existing American outlets, and open hundreds of new ones. Crucially, Aldi doesn't like to be beaten on price, so don't expect it to take Lidl's arrival lying down. Day Of The Discounter Aldi has an established U.S. store base, but Lidl is set to gain a foothold Source: Kantar Retail Walmart, which holds its annual shareholder meeting today, is being assaulted on two fronts. It must simultaneously keep defending itself against Amazon, while beating back the European attack. It's not as if it hasn't been here before. Asda, its U.K. arm, has been hurt by these discounters, partly because it didn’t go far enough in reducing its prices. It was known for its cheap groceries. When it lost that crown, it had little else to fall back on. Cheap Thrills Aldi and Lidl's no frills approach has transformed them into European grocery powerhouses Source: Planet Retail, Bloomberg Excludes Trader Joe's and Hofer from Aldi, and Kaufland from Lidl Up to now, Walmart seems to have learned from Asda's failings. It has been aggressively lowering prices. It needed to. Scott Mushkin, analyst at Wolfe Research, found that as of late last year, a basket of own-brand food and groceries was 24 percent cheaper at Aldi than Walmart. He expects Lidl's offer to be similarly pitched. The push has helped Walmart's U.S. same-store sales. But it needs to keep its finger on the price-cutting button. Asda was quick to spot the perils of the discounters, and slash accordingly. It also pledged to invest 1 billion pounds ($1.3 billion) on the tactic. But its efforts fizzled out, making it the worst-performing British supermarket over the past two years. Walmart says it will invest several billion dollars in price over the next three years.  Underperforming Asda has generated the weakest sales growth of the big four British supermarkets over the past two years Source: Kantar Worldpanel Rolling 12 week sales It's also an argument for Walmart to keep its e-commerce focus. Not only is Amazon not standing still -- just look at the grocery pickup kiosks that it has opened in Seattle -- but it might actually be a way to keep the discounters at bay. Their online activities are limited -- for example, Aldi U.K. sells its special-offer non-food items, as well as wine, and not much else. A full grocery offering doesn't sit easily with the discounters' keep-it-simple mantra. So this could be an opportunity for Walmart to defend its territory. Ironically, the fight isn't just about price. While those at the discounters might compare with entry-level groceries at traditional supermarkets, quality is often on par with their mid-tier ranges. And in the U.K., Aldi and Lidl have won over more-affluent customers with their premium products, from lobster to macaroons. For mainstream food retailers, that's a signal to look at re-engineering their own-label goods to compete on price and quality. This is already underway at Walmart, and seems to be another lesson it's learnt from Asda's troubles. Another form of defense is doing other things the discounters don't. In Walmart's case, that could mean making the most of offerings to shop online but pick up in-store, financial services and pharmacies. Come on Down Price cuts have helped Wamart lift U.S. same store sales Source: Bloomberg Intelligence But this also means continued investment. At least Walmart has plenty of firepower -- for all its challenges, it still has a big balance sheet and is hugely cash generative. But the online expansion and price cuts have kept margins flat. With arch rivals Aldi and Lidl about to start battling for supremacy in the U.S. grocery market, it's hard to see pressure on margins lifting any time soon. Walmart needs to keep to the lessons from its British arm, and make sure it doesn't become the collateral damage. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Andrea Felsted in London at afelsted@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Jennifer Ryan at jryan13@bloomberg.net Record Breaking Record Breaking KKR's latest Asia fund is the largest ever devoted to the region Source: Bloomberg Note: Data excludes government funds. Kanpai! KKR With One Eye on Japan Makes Sense Finance Nisha Gopalan Oil Flow Oil Flow Saudi crude flows to the U.S. show no reduction since January. Is that about to change? Source: Bloomberg tanker tracking Note: Shipments from Saudi terminals on tankers signalling U.S. destinations Let's See, Shall We? Saudis Blowing Smoke Commodities Julian Lee Cheap Money Cheap Money Benchmark bond yields have dropped globally on the heels of central-bank stimulus Source: Bloomberg Making It Rain Central Bank Cash Flood Swells Bond Danger Markets Lisa Abramowicz Tech Is Back Tech Is Back Everyone wants to be a technology company Source: Bloomberg Driving Value Call Uber Anything But Transportation Markets Nir Kaissar Oil Support Jobs Added in March and April 10,000 Blindsided I Got It Wrong on Oil Jobs and That's a Good Thing Energy Liam Denning Orbital Debts Orbital Debts Intelsat looks like a debt mountain with a satellite business on the side Source: Bloomberg Space Junk SoftBank Billionaire Gets Zapped in Space Finance Chris Hughes What Valuation and Religion Have in Common Belief Futures Market Trump And Exxon Confront Realities Energy Liam Denning Gunboat Diplomacy Fly Charts: The U.S. Navy Created the Oil Market and Can End It Max Nisen Deep Hole Deep Hole U.S. coal mining jobs have disappeared and probably aren't coming back Source: US Bureau of Statistics Dark Emissions Donald Trump's a Climate Bonehead. But So What? Energy Chris Bryant Low and Lower Low and Lower Investors can't get too excited about junk bonds that are yielding so little relative to history Source: Bloomberg Ebbing Tide The Incredible Shrinking Junk-Bond Market Markets Lisa Abramowicz A Bit Much? A Bit Much? Clinical trial success and M&A speculation have driven Tesaro shares sky high Source; Bloomberg Price Dreams Tesaro Is a Victim of Its Own Valuation Health Max Nisen Pinnacle Market Value $8 billion Peak Price Conagra Shouldn't Reach for Pinnacle Deals Brooke Sutherland Deja Vu Tech Bubble Talk Is a Dot-Com Flashback Tech Shira Ovide There Yet? Dish Investors Are on Ergen's Road to Who Knows Where Deals Tara Lachapelle Stake sold $2.9 billion Africa Sale Barclays Helped by the Curse of Low Volatility Finance Lionel Laurent Announced Value of Dow Chemical-DuPont Merger $143 billion Altared States Activists Misfire on Their Shotgun Wedding Finance Stephen Gandel Go For It Go For It Investors in PPG liked the idea of it buying Akzo Source: Bloomberg Dutch Dust-Up PPG Should Have Tried for a Knock-Out Deals Chris Hughes Estimated U.S. Cost of Policing Persian Gulf, 1976-2007 $6.8 Trillion Black Gold Navy Oil's New World Disorder Energy Liam Denning Pair Trade Fly Charts: Picking Yield Over Morality, and Vice Versa Max Nisen Exxon Mobil shareholders voting yes for more climate disclosure 62% High Pressure System Funds Fire Up Real Climate Change Energy David Fickling Gilts Forge Their Own Destiny Gilts Forge Their Own Destiny U.K. yields are not just following Germany but have significantly outperformed this year Source: Bloomberg Jez We Can Jeremy Corbyn and the Bizarre World of the Bond Trader Markets Marcus Ashworth Painful Painful Evergrande, one of the most-shorted stocks in Hong Kong, has outperformed the benchmark Hang Seng Index this year Source: Bloomberg Constructive Feedback Evergrande Shorts Face Specter of State Real Estate Nisha Gopalan Ebb and Flow Ebb and Flow Bank of America's Brian Moynihan said on Wednesday that second-quarter trading revenue will fall 10 percent to 12 percent from a year earlier Source: Bloomberg Trade Deficit Why So Surprised, Bank Investors? Gillian Tan Rise and Fall Rise and Fall Gilead's market cap has fallen precipitously since 2015, when hepatitis C drug growth seemed unlimited Source: Bloomberg Waffle House Gilead Keeps Muddying the M&A Waters Health Max Nisen
Bergenfield Dumont New Milford Patricia August Community Advisor Shurok Esam Hussein Community Advisor Jeanne Muchnick Features Editor Bob Weiss Community Advisor Cecilia Levine Managing Editor, New Jersey Jerry DeMarco Breaking News Editor Chris Ryan Community Advisor Kathie Lacey Community Advisor Subscribe Contact Us Get News In Your Inbox Daily Subscribe Bergenfield Daily Voice serves Bergenfield, Dumont & New Milford See nearby towns Search Menu Monday, jun 5 59° Search Nearby Search Get News In Your Inbox Daily Subscribe Home News Schools Sports Neighbors Obituaries More Lifestyle Business Politics Weather Events Jobs Real Estate DV Pilot Police & Fire Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy © 2017 Daily Voice Bergenfield Daily Voice serves Bergenfield, Dumont & New Milford Nearby Towns Northern Valley serves Harrington Park, Haworth, Northvale, Norwood, Old Tappan & Rockleigh Cresskill-Closter serves Closter, Cresskill & Demarest Paramus serves Oradell, Paramus & River Edge Englewood serves Alpine, Englewood, Englewood Cliffs & Tenafly neighbors 06/02/2017 Walmart Battle Wages On For Alpine's Tracy Morgan Cecilia Levine Facebook @cecrl Email me Read More Stories Share Tweet Pin It Email Print 0 Comments Tracy Morgan of Alpine. Photo Credit: Wikipedia More Articles neighbors Disabled Woodland Park Vet Is #RetirementGoals With Timeless ... Dumont Nurse, Fiancee Take 2nd Place At Body Building Competi... River Vale's Bill Maher Drops Racial Slur On 'Real Time' comment 0 Read / Add Comments ALPINE, N.J. — Walmart's insurance company has ordered Alpine's Tracy Morgan to testify under oath about a $90 million settlement on the car crash that almost killed him in 2014, the New York Post reports. The comedian, 48, suffered a brain injury because of the New Jersey Turnpike crash, the article says. After reaching his settlement with Walmart in May 2015, Morgan reportedly purchased a $13.9 million mansion in Alpine and was seen rolling in a Lamborghini, the NY Post says. CLICK HERE FOR THE FULL STORY. Share this story Share Tweet Pin It Email comment 0 Read / Add Comment Follow Cecilia Levine on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Get News In Your Inbox Daily Subscribe Nearby Englewood Construction Set To Begin On New Hack... Cresskill-Closter Authorities Respond To Fatal Shooting... Northern Valley ABC Raids Cornerstone Restaurant In H... Welcome to Bergenfield Daily Voice! Serves Bergenfield, Dumont & New Milford This is a one time message inviting you to keep in touch Get important news about your town as it happens. Get News In Your Inbox Daily Subscribe
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Jobs Editorial | Columns | Career | Food | teenAGE | Letters | Auto | Clovis Toons | Page2 | E-Paper | Supplements | Football Weekly Round-up: Holness blasts MPs…Triple murder in Spanish Town…Stadium in honour of Bolt, Coach Mills 9:00 am London attack: Six killed including three assailants 12:01 am Trump offers help as London grapples with violent incidents 8:38 pm 'Multiple' casualties in London 'terrorist' attack 8:35 pm Bus donated to JCF Anti-Trafficking in Persons unit 4:45 pm Barbados netball team brush aside T&T to extend winning run 4:30 pm Serious sewage problem Friday, June 02, 2017 Tweet Dear Editor,If you were to visit downtown, Kingston, you would be disgusted by the current condition of the place. Daily, raw sewage floods the busy roadways and assails motorists and pedestrians with a foul odour. This is unbearable! I think the media has done a poor job at highlighting this problem in the area and so I am urgently appealing for help. The sewage poses a serious hazard, environmental and otherwise, especially if it makes direct contact with the skin. The authorities must seek to rectify this problem immediately. This is a very serious matter.   Lambert James Grade 10 St George's College Winchester Park North Street Kingston ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES 1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper ï¿½ email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Some realities of sex work All these govt programmes and task forces... The mistake in our national anthem Serious sewage problem Politicians can't manage FFP, so they say grapes sour We shouldn't neglect our children, our future There should be more gratitude to Food For the Poor Sad matchbox stalls Karl Samuda vs Richard Azan — the great political tit for tat All in the sport, Rankin Pumpkin We want Internet! BOJ should stop chasing coins! How dare you? Rankin Pumpkin needed more to win Sunshine Girls need better coaches Wrong turn, Minister Chuck, time for law to catch up Great article on Airbnb in Jamaica 'Curvy Diva' a hugely talented dancehall act Why the big fight against Rankin Pumpkin? ADVERTISEMENT Poll ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Jobs Editorial | Columns | Career | Food | teenAGE | Letters | Auto | Clovis Toons | Page2 | E-Paper | Supplements | Football Weekly Round-up: Holness blasts MPs…Triple murder in Spanish Town…Stadium in honour of Bolt, Coach Mills 9:00 am London attack: Six killed including three assailants 12:01 am Trump offers help as London grapples with violent incidents 8:38 pm 'Multiple' casualties in London 'terrorist' attack 8:35 pm Bus donated to JCF Anti-Trafficking in Persons unit 4:45 pm Barbados netball team brush aside T&T to extend winning run 4:30 pm Today's Horoscope - June 2 Friday, June 02, 2017 Tweet HAPPY BIRTHDAY for Friday, June 2, 2017: This year stress seems to build. You need to have a way of reducing tension, whether it's by taking a yoga class or going on a brief walk. By having an outlet, you'll feel much better. Your health also is likely to benefit. If you are single, you could meet someone at any point this year, though it is possible you have already met this person. A relationship is key to your well-being. If you are attached, you and your sweetie often might be struggling with a disagreement. Learn to honour and respect each other's differences. LIBRA can be a lot of fun to hang out with.  ARIES (March 21-April 19): You could be taking on too much for even you to handle. You probably will want to swap ideas and share news with others in the morning. Take notes if a brainstorming session evolves. Fatigue could sabotage plans later in the day. Opt for a power nap. Tonight: As you like it. TAURUS (April 20-May 20): You might feel as if you finally can share new information. A partner might not be as enthusiastic as you are with what comes up. Continue as you have been. Curb any wild spending, for your own sake if nothing else. Tonight: Take off, and make it OK to call it early. GEMINI (May 21-June 20): Basics count when dealing with a roommate or family member. Tension could build if you feel as if you don't have the time to deal with two different facets of your life. You might be unusually energised, but if you don't get your way, you are likely to get angry. Tonight: Be wild. CANCER (June 21-July 22): Make calls, return calls and don't hesitate to share your thoughts. Someone you work with or see in a day-to-day setting could be unusually negative right now. No matter what you do, you can't seem to turn this situation around; just give it time. Tonight: Accept an invitation. LEO (July 23-Aug 22): You might be involved in a financial assessment. Your mind keeps going over your budget and a potential expenditure. A loved one might encourage you to spend money on him or her. Friends are likely to push you to make plans. Tonight: Greet the weekend with a smile. VIRGO (Aug 23-Sept 22): You'll dive into the day with energy, but you might be overwhelmed with the number of calls and e-mails you need to answer. A family member could be withdrawn or quiet. Don't worry; this person will speak soon enough about what ails him or her. Tonight: TGIF! LIBRA (Sept 23-Oct 22): Even if you feel less energetic than usual in the daytime, you still can accomplish a lot with ease. Someone touches base with you during the day regarding plans for the weekend. Do not make a judgement on how you feel at the moment. Return calls promptly. Tonight: Nap first. SCORPIO (Oct 23-Nov 21): Your day could be interrupted by people, plans and what you know needs to happen. Understand that your finances probably will be a bit tight. You might want to make an adjustment as far as expenditures go. Tonight: Reach out to a loved one at a distance. SAGITTARIUS (Nov 22-Dec 21): You could feel as if someone is not getting your message and is deliberately raining on your parade. Do not let a personal situation get the best of you. Try to look past the moment. Even as soon as this evening, you are likely to feel better. Tonight: Bypass a difficult person for now. CAPRICORN (Dec 22-Jan 19): Your ability to look at the big picture helps you bypass a problem. You don't see the issue as relevant, so rather than make a fuss, you are likely to let it go. A call or invitation from a friend encourages you to try a new kind of experience. Tonight: Others are drawn to you. AQUARIUS (Jan 20-Feb 18): Defer to a partner who feels as if he or she knows more than you. Whether this is true, you might decide to avoid this debate altogether. Look at your long-term goals, and you'll find the right path for you. Understand what could be a limiting situation. Tonight: Say “yes” to an offer. PISCES (Feb 19-March 20): You have the opportunity to be more dominant than usual. Clearly someone else desires to be in the limelight; let him or her. By going along with this person's desires, you'll be making your weekend a lot less stressful. Tonight: Accept an invitation to be with a favourite person.     (c) 2017 by King Features Syndicate Inc. ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES 1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper ï¿½ email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Honouring A Man Of Measure Man damages baby mother's clothes Man beats ex sister-in-law for meddling in his business Domino game turns into punching match Shots fired in London 'terrorist' attack Kelly's delights Modi tells Macron India will 'go beyond' Paris climate accord Trump critics, backers march around globe over climate and Russia FAREWELL TO SISTERS Thief, president and bwoy Some vaginal bacteria may weaken anti-HIV gel Over 200 turn out for PROVEN wellness experience Ukraine doctor pioneering 'three-parent babaies' Treatment extends life for some with advanced prostate cancer Moles & melanoma Vasciannie: UTech focused on more research, innovation One million J'cans stealing electricity Sweetening connection between cancer and sugar Coalition for tobacco control concerned about smokers in low-income households FAQ about children's feet ADVERTISEMENT Poll ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Jobs Editorial | Columns | Career | Food | teenAGE | Letters | Auto | Clovis Toons | Page2 | E-Paper | Supplements | Football Weekly Round-up: Holness blasts MPs…Triple murder in Spanish Town…Stadium in honour of Bolt, Coach Mills 9:00 am London attack: Six killed including three assailants 12:01 am Trump offers help as London grapples with violent incidents 8:38 pm 'Multiple' casualties in London 'terrorist' attack 8:35 pm Bus donated to JCF Anti-Trafficking in Persons unit 4:45 pm Barbados netball team brush aside T&T to extend winning run 4:30 pm Some realities of sex work Friday, June 02, 2017 Tweet Dear Editor,Imagine putting in a hard day's work to support your family of three only to be robbed of your hard-earned money by the very same people who swore to serve and protect you. Imagine coming to an agreement to provide services to a client in return for remuneration, satisfactorily delivering your end of the agreement only for the client to turn around and demand their money back. In full. At knife point. If it sounds like a nightmare it's because it is. But while you may enjoy the luxury of waking up to the warmth and comfort of your bed, the protective embrace of your father, soothing coos from your mother, or a calming back rub from your spouse, Peaches does not. What she does have are three dependents to support and the very dangerous job that she uses to support them. Peaches is a sex worker. For many people the thought of ever identifying with a sex worker is far-fetched. To us, sex workers are different from us. But it is people like us who buy the services that Peaches sells, and who mistreat and abuse sex workers. For Peaches, whose typical workday starts at 6:30 pm and ends at 2:00 am, a lot of her clientele are high-profile individuals in society; “those types of people like doctor[s], lawyers, police [officers] and soldiers,” she says. Not only are average citizens the ones patronising sex workers, but they're also the ones who are putting their lives at risk. Speaking on the many dangers she encounters in her nocturnal job she says, “Sometime you go inna the room wid the man dem and yuh see dem draw out some long knife, yuh blood run cold, you wonder if a you him come fa... Yuh just haffi just do the ting 'cause you don't want him tek off you [head].” For Peaches, the only one she can count on to protect her is herself. “A whole heap a time man save my life. A whole heap a time mi haffi carry man go box up man fi mi and pay him; and mi know mi neva pick da work ya, mi never chose da work here, but just because certain things mi haffi jus do it because nobody no deh deh fi me.” “Sometime I go on the road and police want to take money from [me], and when yuh decide not to they also want to lock up the client and run yuh off the road and stuff like that. Police and soldier buy sex more than anybody else, and yet still dem tek set pon sex worker the most, because dem want extortion money.” There's no Cinderella story for Peaches, no prince charming to sweep her off her feet and take her from harm's way. As a sex worker, she's disproportionately vulnerable to contracting sexually transmitted diseases compared with the national rate of 1.8 per cent. She's also among the 38 per cent of sex workers who have been victims of violence on the streets where they work, according to the Caribbean Vulnerable Communities Coalition (CVC). Peaches confirms that Jamaica AIDS Support for Life (JASL) provides a clinic to sex workers in an effort to mitigate some of the risks, she says, “Most of the time if I feel I want a test or anything I call and make an appointment and go to JASL.” “Sex work is not a bad thing, you have people go inna it, dem no go inna it because dem bad and dem nuh go inna it because dem just wah have sex. Dem go inna it fi pay bills and fi have certain things. Like me, I am an example to it. A certain things mek me go do the work.” However, JASL's efforts alone are not enough. The CVC and other advocates for the decriminalisation of sex work believe that designating areas for sex work, creating laws that protect sex workers, and providing them with avenues to report police brutality and exploitation from the hands of clients and club owners could help lessen the very real risks to life that they endure every day.   Contributed by Jamaica AIDS Support for Life ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES 1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper ï¿½ email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Some realities of sex work All these govt programmes and task forces... The mistake in our national anthem Serious sewage problem Politicians can't manage FFP, so they say grapes sour We shouldn't neglect our children, our future There should be more gratitude to Food For the Poor Sad matchbox stalls Karl Samuda vs Richard Azan — the great political tit for tat All in the sport, Rankin Pumpkin We want Internet! BOJ should stop chasing coins! How dare you? Rankin Pumpkin needed more to win Sunshine Girls need better coaches Wrong turn, Minister Chuck, time for law to catch up Great article on Airbnb in Jamaica 'Curvy Diva' a hugely talented dancehall act Why the big fight against Rankin Pumpkin? ADVERTISEMENT Poll ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Jobs Editorial | Columns | Career | Food | teenAGE | Letters | Auto | Clovis Toons | Page2 | E-Paper | Supplements | Football Weekly Round-up: Holness blasts MPs…Triple murder in Spanish Town…Stadium in honour of Bolt, Coach Mills 9:00 am London attack: Six killed including three assailants 12:01 am Trump offers help as London grapples with violent incidents 8:38 pm 'Multiple' casualties in London 'terrorist' attack 8:35 pm Bus donated to JCF Anti-Trafficking in Persons unit 4:45 pm Barbados netball team brush aside T&T to extend winning run 4:30 pm Whoa! Bar-bee's back Friday, June 02, 2017 Tweet Dancehall singjay Bar-bee is currently in the island promoting her single Whoa.The single that premiered on BET earlier this year samples Sister Nancy's hit Bam Bam. “ Whoa is fun, sexy, and has a party vibe. It is the creation of platinum production duo Rock City. Visually, the song is inspired by the ever-famous 'black light scene from the 1998 cult classic motion picture Belly, of which I recreated in my own steamy way,” an excited Bar-bee told Splash. Bar-bee said the video is still getting constant rotations, an accomplishment that she is extremely proud of. “As an independent female artiste, this is definitely a plus for me. I put in a lot of work and I'm marketing this single the best way I know how and now it is paying off,” she said. The singer, who has remain low-keyed on the local scene for a little while, said in addition to promoting Whoa, she will also be busy in the studios recording several singles. “I am really focused and it's just work for me. Although I wasn't in Jamaica, I was touring sections of Japan and Europe. However, I have always kept Jamaica close to my heart and keep up to date with the latest happenings,” she said. Bar-bee, given name Faith Eselebor, was born in New York to Jamaican mother and a Nigerian father. At age 16 Bar-bee was as a member of a girl group called Best Kept Secret. The group opened for acts including rappers Jadakiss and Cameron. The group later broke up. This did not damper her musical dreams as, in 2007, she released her first single Miss You, a collaboration with Junior Kelly. She is also known for her songs Love You Anyway; Come See About Me, a collaboration with female rapper Trina; herself and Beenie Man on Paddy Cake; and G ive It Up. — Simone Morgan-Lindo ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES 1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper ï¿½ email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Three decades of giving thanks Feluke returns on Wednesday Janice Whittingham's crowning moment Two Sevens Clash marks milestone Deh Jah dancers making moves Taville Henry takes gospel song title My Jamaican 55! Munga returns to court on Tuesday Rankin set for 'Powerful' stage Ishawna creates a stir Prince Levy gets high grade Mello Vibes celebrates Sweet 16 Bingi Banga making his name KGN 5 rocks New Kingston Top acts drive Level Up Sanchez stars gospel concert Munga Honorable murder case postponed to next Tuesday Zekedon drops drops mixtape, web series PHOTO: Supa Dups Mups Magic With Shakira Supa Dups goes Latin way ADVERTISEMENT Poll ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Jobs Editorial | Columns | Career | Food | teenAGE | Letters | Auto | Clovis Toons | Page2 | E-Paper | Supplements | Football Weekly Round-up: Holness blasts MPs…Triple murder in Spanish Town…Stadium in honour of Bolt, Coach Mills 9:00 am London attack: Six killed including three assailants 12:01 am Trump offers help as London grapples with violent incidents 8:38 pm 'Multiple' casualties in London 'terrorist' attack 8:35 pm Bus donated to JCF Anti-Trafficking in Persons unit 4:45 pm Barbados netball team brush aside T&T to extend winning run 4:30 pm Palm Beach fest a hit Friday, June 02, 2017 Tweet Full-A-Vybez Inc, organisers of the The 14th Annual Palm Beach Jerk and Culture Festival, said the event had lived up to its expectations.“Even though the sun and temperature seemed to have been at a record high, patrons still didn't mind and came out in full support of the event,” said the company's publicist Keisha Freeman. According to Freeman, there was a little bit of everything for everyone, as the party pavilion started off early and had the patrons rocking non-stop for hours, while the kids were kept busy at the Kiddies Corner where they had bounce houses and other activities. Playtime was not only for the kids; there was a game area where patrons challenged each other to friendly board games. “The sweet aroma of food filled the park; vendors had jerk everything, even jerk ice-cream. Patrons also got a chance to experience and purchase Caribbean arts and craft,” she said. On the main stage, the show started on time, everything ran smoothly, and the transition between acts was seamless. Wayne Wonder started off his set with retro dancehall, thrilling the audience with non-stop hits. He had the crowd singing and rocking during his entire performance. Half Pint then came and “levelled the vibes” with hits such as Greetings and Political Fiction. Agent Sasco dominated the stage with another stellar, high-energy performance. The members of the audience were more than willing to be his back-up singers. Tarrus Riley thrilled the crowd and even took it a step further along with Dean Fraser and other band members by performing a tribute to the late Frankie Paul in his set. Love of Hip Hop reality TV star Safaree was invited briefly onstage by Riley. He then closed the show and left the audience wanting more. “We have had another successful incident-free event. Right now we are focusing on Orlando Jerk Fest in October. We however promise that we'll do everything to ensure both Orlando and Palm Beach Festivals continue being family-orientated events,” Freeman added. ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES 1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper ï¿½ email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Three decades of giving thanks Feluke returns on Wednesday Janice Whittingham's crowning moment Two Sevens Clash marks milestone Deh Jah dancers making moves Taville Henry takes gospel song title My Jamaican 55! Munga returns to court on Tuesday Rankin set for 'Powerful' stage Ishawna creates a stir Prince Levy gets high grade Mello Vibes celebrates Sweet 16 Bingi Banga making his name KGN 5 rocks New Kingston Top acts drive Level Up Sanchez stars gospel concert Munga Honorable murder case postponed to next Tuesday Zekedon drops drops mixtape, web series PHOTO: Supa Dups Mups Magic With Shakira Supa Dups goes Latin way ADVERTISEMENT Poll ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Jobs Editorial | Columns | Career | Food | teenAGE | Letters | Auto | Clovis Toons | Page2 | E-Paper | Supplements | Football Weekly Round-up: Holness blasts MPs…Triple murder in Spanish Town…Stadium in honour of Bolt, Coach Mills 9:00 am London attack: Six killed including three assailants 12:01 am Trump offers help as London grapples with violent incidents 8:38 pm 'Multiple' casualties in London 'terrorist' attack 8:35 pm Bus donated to JCF Anti-Trafficking in Persons unit 4:45 pm Barbados netball team brush aside T&T to extend winning run 4:30 pm Us Boss spreading the Word Friday, June 02, 2017 Tweet Up-and-coming singjay Us Boss said has been gaining much attention since the release of his recently single Nuh Secret Fi Wi.“Since its release, it has been getting heavy rotations as our culture accepts the message. It is about standing up for what we believe in and not going against what is right to achieve or live a particular lifestyle. I refuse to condone any livity or lifestyle that I know is wrong,” he told Splash. Nuh Secret Fi Wi was released in December of last year. “This is my debut song and so far it is going on really good in the streets and is being played on the airwaves. I really hope it will continue to grow and reach an even more global market and top several international charts,” he said. Secret Fi Wi is produced by Team Focus Entertainment/Focus Records. A music video for the single is the works. Us Boss, given name Tory Darling, grew up in Westmoreland and Kingston. “Like most teenager, I loved music growing up, but not only was I passionate about it, I also wanted a career in it. However, I was in no rush as I wanted to hone my skills, so it wasn't until last year that I decided to officially release a song,” he said. His other singles are Pretty Lady and Any Price. – Simone Morgan-Lindo ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES 1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper ï¿½ email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Three decades of giving thanks Feluke returns on Wednesday Janice Whittingham's crowning moment Two Sevens Clash marks milestone Deh Jah dancers making moves Taville Henry takes gospel song title My Jamaican 55! Munga returns to court on Tuesday Rankin set for 'Powerful' stage Ishawna creates a stir Prince Levy gets high grade Mello Vibes celebrates Sweet 16 Bingi Banga making his name KGN 5 rocks New Kingston Top acts drive Level Up Sanchez stars gospel concert Munga Honorable murder case postponed to next Tuesday Zekedon drops drops mixtape, web series PHOTO: Supa Dups Mups Magic With Shakira Supa Dups goes Latin way ADVERTISEMENT Poll ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 77° Clear Tehachapi, CA (93561) Today Mainly clear. Tonight Clear skies. Low 54F. W winds at 15 to 25 mph, decreasing to 5 to 10 mph. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 6:15 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Home Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Letter to the editor: Walmart profits while communities suffer BY TONY MARSHALL Jun 1, 2017 Updated Jun 1, 2017 The Walmarts across the country make more than $14 billion a year in profits. Investors pocket $10-plus billion. There are seven Walmart family members on Forbes' list of the country's 400 richest people. Yet, Walmart costs taxpayers $7 billion in government subsidies for its employees — food stamps, health care, rental assistance, etc. — each year. The conservatives of Congress sound off continually, and loudly, about welfare yet they always fail to mention that the major proportion of all welfare is actually supplementing the salaries of employees of large corporations to increase the profits of those corporations at the expense of middle-class taxpayers. Welcome to Tehachapi, Walmart. When we park in your parking lot, we'll forget all about what you're costing us in taxes. In addition, note this: Every year, employers similar to Walmart, plus fast-food outlets, pay wages that are so low, that the rest of the country (primarily what's left of the middle class) has to come up with $153 billion-plus each year to subsidize their employees' salaries. If those employers paid their employees livable salaries, the $153 billion could be used to make every public college tuition free, or we could double the amount we spend on veterans' services, scientific research and our infrastructure. Think about it next time your hear the words free enterprise. There's nothing free about it these days. Tony Marshall, Tehachapi This Week's e-Edition Login Subscribe Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Kurt Reid Liebengood, 1976–2017 Gargantuan Stratolaunch rolled out for first time at Mojave Air & Space Port in eastern Kern PHOTO GALLERY: Swinging into Memorial Day in Tehachapi at the Western Swing Out Pilot Flying J Travel Center coming to Tehachapi PHOTO GALLERY: Ultimate sacrifices remembered on Memorial Day in Tehachapi New warden named at California Correctional Institution How should Tehachapi's transportation dollars be spent? Community reacts strongly at workshop Perfect 10 Gymnastics goes to world championships Kern County firefighters spend time with special needs students at Tompkins Pen in Hand: Even remote backyard ponds can be home to the harmless Sierra Gartersnake Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Classifieds Traffic Sections Home News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Sponsored Online Features Services Subscription Services Submission Forms Classifieds Search Visitor-guide Weather Contact Information TehachapiNews.com 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA 93561 Phone: (661) 822-6828 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com © Copyright 2017 Tehachapi News, 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Make Save Borrow Grow Live More Deals 4 Chains Offering Free Doughnuts on Friday Chris Kissell June 1, 2017 Photo by Kateryna Mostova / Shutterstock.com 4 Chains Offering Free Doughnuts on Friday 0 Start your morning — and your weekend — with a free sweet treat by celebrating National Doughnut Day on Friday. Several national chains are participating in the promotion. They include: Krispy Kreme. Get a free doughnut of your choice. Dunkin’ Donuts. Purchase any beverage, and you’ll get a free classic doughnut. LaMar’s Donuts. Get a free doughnut when you print or show the ticket found at the LaMar’s Donuts website. Cumberland Farms. From 5-10 a.m. ET, get a free doughnut when you purchase a any Chill Zone, HYPERFREEZE, hot or iced coffee, tea, or cappuccino beverage. Also, take advantage of other great restaurant savings by checking out the following stories: “3 Great Restaurant Deals to Kick Off the Summer“ “9 Restaurants Giving Away Free Gift Cards This Spring“ Do you know of more great deals scheduled for this weekend? Share them by commenting below or on our Facebook page. It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah Join our 354,418 free newsletter subscribers building wealth and destroying debt: Submit Want to Be Rich? Here's All the Advice You'll Ever Need, in 10 Simple Sentences I've been giving financial advice for 40 years, and I'm a millionaire several times over. Here are the 10 best bits of financial advice I've both given and taken. 22 Things You Should Always Buy Generic 5 Tips for Helping Boomerang Kids Without Bankrupting Yourself Boost Your Credit Score Fast With These 7 Moves 10 Golden Rules to Avoid Getting Scammed Downsizing in Your Golden Years? Decluttering Tips for Seniors 6 Ways to Get Your Official FICO Score Free 10 Strategies to Save Big Bucks on Amazon Comments 4 Chains Offering Free Doughnuts on Friday Get rich quick one day at a time Sign up for our free newsletter for ways to make, save, and grow your money daily: Submit 354,418 happy subscribers 122,761 12,181 The ABCs of Selecting a Medicare Supplement Plan How to Earn Extra Money by Doing Things You’re Already Doing What You Need to Know About Buying or Selling a Timeshare Property 5 Simple Ways to Save Money on Every Online Purchase How to Get Amazon Prime and HBO Free 6 Cellphone Secrets That Can Save You Hundreds of Dollars a Year You Can’t Be Financially Secure Without These 10 Products Survey Sites to Turn Extra Minutes Into Extra Money How to Refinance Your Car Loan for Long-Haul Savings 7 Painless Ways to Pay Off Your Mortgage Years Earlier 2,049 Active Deals Walmart discounts a selection of apparel, furniture, toys, appliances, and more as part of its Warehouse Clear-Out. Choose in-store pickup to dodge the $5.99 shipping fee, or bag free shipping on orders of $35 or more. (Larger items may incur additional shipping fees.) A couple of best bets: Pyle 9" Quad-View Video Monitor for $55.54 (low by $22) Singer Esteem II 23-Stitch Sewing Machine for $82.46 (low by $8) Walmart Warehouse Clear-Out Walmart discounts a selection of apparel, furniture, toys, appliances, and more as part of its Warehouse Clear-Out. Choose in-store pickup ... Read more. Updated: 2 days 13 hr ago Lowe's takes up to 40% off select appliances, grills, lighting, tools, home improvement items, and more during its Memorial Day Sale. Plus, MyLowe's members receive free shipping. (Not a member? It's free to sign up. Items over 150 lbs. incur additional surcharges.) Deal ends June 5. Lowe's Memorial Day Sale: Up to 40% off + free shipping Lowe's takes up to 40% off select appliances, grills, lighting, tools, home improvement items, and more during its Memorial Day ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 12 hr ago Disney offers a personalized family decal for free with free shipping. You'll also receive a digital version to download. Disney Personalized Family Decal for free + free shipping Disney offers a personalized family decal for free with free shipping. You'll also receive a digital version to download. Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 1 day ago At participating Jersey Mike's restaurants, buy one sub and get a second sub of equal or lesser value for free via this printable coupon. Some exclusions may apply. Click here to find a location near you. Coupon expires June 15. Jersey Mike's Subs Buy 1, get 2nd free At participating Jersey Mike's restaurants, buy one sub and get a second sub of equal or lesser value for free ... Read more. Updated: 2 days 20 hr ago That Daily Deal offers access to its June Extreme Stupid Good Deals for free. That's a $5 savings and tied with last month's mention as the best deal we could find. Through June 30, you'll receive access to exclusive rapid-fire deals, an automatic 20% discount on standard That Daily Deal and 13 Deals purchases, and free shipping on all orders. (Everything you order during this time will be shipped together during the first week of July.) Deal ends June 5. Note: Although this is a free offer, you will need to enter credit card information to get this deal. That Daily Deal June Stupid Good Deals access for free That Daily Deal offers access to its June Extreme Stupid Good Deals for free. That's a $5 savings and tied ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 9 hr ago Ending today, eBay takes $15 off orders of $75 or more via coupon code "PSAVE15TODAY" when you check out via PayPal during its Flash Sale. Plus, many qualifying orders receive free shipping. That's tied with our mention two weeks ago and a rare general discount from eBay. Coins, paper money, eBay gift cards, and real estate are excluded. Other exclusions may also apply. Note: This coupon can only be used once per PayPal account within a single transaction. eBay Flash Sale coupon: $15 off $75 or more + free shipping Ending today, eBay takes $15 off orders of $75 or more via coupon code "PSAVE15TODAY" when you check out via ... Read more. Updated: 4 hr 40 min ago Burberry cuts up to 50% off a selection of men's, women's, and kids' apparel, shoes, and accessories. Plus, all items qualify for free shipping. That's tied with our January mention and is the best sale we've seen from Burberry this season. Men's jackets start at $295, women's jackets at $395, women's boots at $140 $175, and men's shoes at $195. Burberry Sale: Up to 50% off + free shipping Burberry cuts up to 50% off a selection of men's, women's, and kids' apparel, shoes, and accessories. Plus, all items ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 5 days ago Versace takes up to 50% off a selection of men's and women's sales styles during its Spring/Summer 2017 Sale. Plus, all orders bag free shipping. Versace Sale: Up to 50% off + free shipping Versace takes up to 50% off a selection of men's and women's sales styles during its Spring/Summer 2017 Sale. Plus, ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 8 hr ago Udemy offers the Photoshop Beginners Mastery: Zero to Hero in Photoshop Course for $10. Coupon code "LEARN_PHOTOSHOP" makes it free. That's $20 off list, tied with our February mention, and the lowest price we could find. It includes 40 lectures. Photoshop Beginners Mastery Course for free Udemy offers the Photoshop Beginners Mastery: Zero to Hero in Photoshop Course for $10. Coupon code "LEARN_PHOTOSHOP" makes it free. ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 3 days ago World Market takes 50% off a selection of cookware. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, take an extra 10% off via coupon code "SAVEBIG10". Choose in-store pickup to avoid shipping fees (which start at $4.95) or get free shipping on orders of $150 or more via coupon code "SHIPFREE". (Coupons don't stack, but the shipping coupon may yield stronger savings on select orders.) Discounted items include pots, pans, skillets, and dutch ovens. A couple of best bets, each available for pickup and with prices after coupon: Lodge Logic 12" Cast Iron Skillet for $13.49 (pictured, low by $4) World Market Oval Dutch Oven for $31.49 ($39 off) Cookware at World Market: 50% off + 10% off World Market takes 50% off a selection of cookware. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, take an extra 10% off via ... Read more. Updated: 11 hr 15 min ago Ending today, Macy's offers the Highland 4-Piece 600-Tread Count Sheet Set in several colors (Grey pictured) for $29.99. Pad your order with a beauty item (they start at $4) to bag free shipping; otherwise, shipping adds $10.95. (In-store pickup may also be available.) Excluding padding, that's at least $90 off list and the lowest price we could find. This cotton and polyester blend set includes flat and fitted sheets and two pillowcases. It's available in queen, king, and California king. Highland 4-Piece 600tc Queen/King Sheet Set for $30 + free s&h w/beauty item Ending today, Macy's offers the Highland 4-Piece 600-Tread Count Sheet Set in several colors (Grey pictured) for $29.99. Pad your ... Read more. Updated: 10 hr 16 min ago Nivea offers a sample of Nivea Men Creme for free when you fill out a short form. Expect your sample to arrive in six to eight weeks. Nivea Men Creme Sample for free Nivea offers a sample of Nivea Men Creme for free when you fill out a short form. Expect your sample ... Read more. Updated: 4 days 8 hr ago Jimmy Jazz takes 70% off select items via coupon code "Sale70E". Even with $7.95 for shipping, it results in significant price lows on shoes and apparel from Reebok, adidas, and other name brands. Deal ends June 4. A couple of best bets after coupon, each with $7.95 for shipping: adidas Men's ZX Flux Sneakers for $27 (pictured, $55 low) Reebok Women's Question Mid X Melody Ehsani Basketball Shoes for $48 ($104 low) Jimmy Jazz Sale: 70% off select items Jimmy Jazz takes 70% off select items via coupon code "Sale70E". Even with $7.95 for shipping, it results in significant ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 9 hr ago RCMoment offers the DIY TriFidget Spinner in several colors (Blue pictured) for $1.32 with free shipping. That's the lowest price we could find by a buck. It measures 4" x 3". Note: The countdown timer on the product page does not reflect an actual expiration time and resets daily. Also, this product ships from China and may take two to five weeks to arrive. DIY TriFidget Spinner for $1 + free s&h from China RCMoment offers the DIY TriFidget Spinner in several colors (Blue pictured) for $1.32 with free shipping. That's the lowest price ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 9 hr ago T-Mobile announces that its T-Mobile Digits service will launch on May 31 and will be free. It allows users to use their phone number on any compatible Internet-connected smartwatch, tablet, or computer. Customers can get another Digits line for an additional $10 per month via AutoPay. Up to five numbers per device and up to five devices per number are supported. A qualifying plan is required. T-Mobile announces T-Mobile Digits launch T-Mobile announces that its T-Mobile Digits service will launch on May 31 and will be free. It allows users to ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 3 days ago It's not the usual blah, blah, blah Sign up for our free newsletter to receive our daily deals roundups by email! HSN offers the 5th-generation Amazon Fire 7" 8GB Tablet with Special Offers in Black bundled with Bella Clara Folio Case in Black or Magenta and several vouchers and credits for various services for $49.95. Pay with Visa Checkout to drop that $29.95. With free shipping, that's $10 below our April mention of just the tablet and $10 less than the lowest price we could find for the tablet alone now. It features a 7" 1024x600 touchscreen display, 1.3GHz quad-core processor, 1GB RAM, 8GB internal memory, front- and rear-facing cameras, 802.11n wireless, Bluetooth, and Fire 5 OS with Alexa. Also available is the 16GB model bundled with a Bella Clara Folio Case in Black or Magenta or a NuPro Slim Standing Case in Pink or Purple for $59.95. (Similar vouchers are also included.) Pay with Visa Checkout to drop that $39.95. With free shipping, that's tied with our April mention of a similar bundle and the lowest price we could find for the tablet alone by $20. Amazon Fire 7" 8GB Tablet w/ Case for $30 + free shipping HSN offers the 5th-generation Amazon Fire 7" 8GB Tablet with Special Offers in Black bundled with Bella Clara Folio Case ... Read more. Updated: 10 hr 42 min ago Allen Edmonds cuts up to $150 off select men's sale shoes as part its Father's Day Sale. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Choose from a variety of dress shoes and loafers. Deal ends June 18. Allen Edmonds Father's Day Sale: Up to $150 off shoes + free shipping Allen Edmonds cuts up to $150 off select men's sale shoes as part its Father's Day Sale. (Prices are as ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 3 hr ago Fulllove360 via eBay offers this 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4.21 with free shipping. That's tied with our March mention and the lowest price we could find today by $2. It features six LEDs, 640x480 resolution, and 30 fps recording. Note: It ships from Malaysia so allow up to six weeks for delivery. Update: Shipping is now 15 cents. 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4 + 15-cent s&h Fulllove360 via eBay offers this 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4.21 with free shipping. That's tied with our ... Read more. Updated: 2 days 11 hr ago Google Play offers downloads of A Stork's Journey for free. That's $12 under the lowest price we could find for a DVD pre-order of this feature-length movie. Further, this movie has not yet been released in theaters in North America, making it for a very unusual freebie. (It will be released in limited markets on June 30 and DVDs won't be released until July 4.) The movie features the voices of Drake Bell (Superhero Movie, "Drake and Josh"), YouTube star Justine "iJustine" Ezarik, and Jane Lynch (Glee). Deal ends June 28. Note: It's unclear if the download is in SD or HD. A Stork's Journey Digital Movie for free Google Play offers downloads of A Stork's Journey for free. That's $12 under the lowest price we could find for ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 9 hr ago Coach cuts up to 50% off men's and women's sale styles during its Summer Sale. (Prices are as marked.) This drops the starting price of men's wallets to $52.50 $47.50, women's scarves to $97.50 $67.50, women's shoes to $82.50, and men's shoes to $97.50. Coach Summer Sale: Up to 50% off + free shipping Coach cuts up to 50% off men's and women's sale styles during its Summer Sale. (Prices are as marked.) This ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 13 hr ago TomTop offers this Fidget Hand Tri-Spinner Toy in several colors (Yellow pictured) from $2.47. Coupon code "TOSPINNER" cuts that to 99 cents. With free shipping, that's $2 under our mention of a similar item from five days ago and a buck under the lowest price we could find for a similar spinner today. Note: The countdown timer on the product page does not reflect an actual expiration time and resets daily. Also, this item will ship from China, and may take two to six weeks to arrive. Fidget Hand Tri-Spinner Toy for $1 + free s&h from China TomTop offers this Fidget Hand Tri-Spinner Toy in several colors (Yellow pictured) from $2.47. Coupon code "TOSPINNER" cuts that to ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 14 hr ago Sperry offers its Sperry Men's Clipper Twin Gore Slip-on Loafers in Charcoal for $31.47 with free shipping. That's $68 off and the lowest price we could find. They're available in select sizes from 7.5 to 13. Sperry Men's Clipper Slip-on Loafers for $32 + free shipping Sperry offers its Sperry Men's Clipper Twin Gore Slip-on Loafers in Charcoal for $31.47 with free shipping. That's $68 off ... Read more. Updated: 11 hr 23 min ago Costco offers its members the Kirkland Signature Men's Athletic Shoes in White for $12.99 with free shipping. (Non-members incur an additional 85-cent surcharge.) That's the lowest price we could find by $5. They're available in sizes 8 to 13. Kirkland Signature Men's Athletic Shoes from $13 + free shipping Costco offers its members the Kirkland Signature Men's Athletic Shoes in White for $12.99 with free shipping. (Non-members incur an ... Read more. Updated: 3 days ago Nordstrom continues to cut up to 40% off a selection of apparel, shoes, accessories, and home items as part of its Half-Yearly Sale. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Some exclusions may apply. Sale ends June 4. Nordstrom Half-Yearly Sale: Up to 40% off + free shipping Nordstrom continues to cut up to 40% off a selection of apparel, shoes, accessories, and home items as part of ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 17 hr ago Best Buy discounts a selection of Funko Pop! Vinyl Figures, with prices starting at $4.99. Opt for in-store pickup to avoid shipping fees, which start at $5.49. Save on characters from franchises like X-Men, Star Wars, Gears of War, and Ghost in the Shell. Funko Pop! Vinyl Figures at Best Buy from $5 + pickup Best Buy discounts a selection of Funko Pop! Vinyl Figures, with prices starting at $4.99. Opt for in-store pickup to ... Read more. Updated: 1 hr 7 min ago DSW cuts 25% off a selection of Nike men's, women's, and kids' shoes. (The discount is taken from the "Compare at" price, and prices are as marked.) Choose in-store pickup to avoid the $7.95 shipping fee, or get free shipping on orders of $35 or more. Some exclusions may apply. Nike Shoes at DSW: 25% off + free shipping w/ $35 DSW cuts 25% off a selection of Nike men's, women's, and kids' shoes. (The discount is taken from the "Compare ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 7 hr ago Dr Hot Deal via eBay offers this Nonstick Grilling Mat 2-Pack for $4.99 with free shipping. Outside of other eBay sellers, that's tied with our March mention and the lowest total price we could find by $2. Each mat measures 15.5" x 13" and is designed for use on low to medium heat. Nonstick Grilling Mat 2-Pack for $5 + free shipping Dr Hot Deal via eBay offers this Nonstick Grilling Mat 2-Pack for $4.99 with free shipping. Outside of other eBay ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 3 days ago Monoprice takes up to 50% off a selection of refurbished and open-box items. (Prices are as marked.) Shipping starts at around $9. Discounted items include monitors, speakers, and audio components. Warranty information is provided on select product pages. Refurb & Open-Box Monoprice Electronics: Up to 50% off Monoprice takes up to 50% off a selection of refurbished and open-box items. (Prices are as marked.) Shipping starts at ... Read more. Updated: May 11, 2017 MiniInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Case for iPhone 7 / 7 Plus and iPhone 6 / 6s / 6 Plus / 6s Plus in several colors (Black/Red pictured) for $2.49 with free shipping. (Choose "Postal Service - No Tracking" during checkout. A 50-cent small order processing fee automatically applies.) That's the lowest price we could find by $3. The spinner is removable. Click here to see it in action. Note: This item ships from China and may take two to five weeks to arrive. Uncheck "Add shipping insurance to your order" during checkout to remove the 99-cent fee. Fidget Spinner Case for iPhone 7 and iPhone 6 for $2 + free s&h from China MiniInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Case for iPhone 7 / 7 Plus and iPhone 6 / 6s / 6 Plus ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 4 days ago LightInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Bluetooth Speaker with LEDs in several colors (Green pictured) for $3.99 with free shipping. That's a buck under the best price we could find for a similar one elsewhere. Note: This item ships from China and may take two to five weeks to arrive. Uncheck "Add Shipping Insurance to your order" during checkout to remove the 49-cent fee. Fidget Spinner Bluetooth Speaker w/ LEDs for $4 + free s&h from China LightInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Bluetooth Speaker with LEDs in several colors (Green pictured) for $3.99 with free shipping. That's ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 5 days ago More Deals × It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah Join our 354,418 free newsletter subscribers building wealth and destroying debt: Submit About Advertise Contact Contribute Scripts TV Terms Privacy © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved. Advertising Disclosure: This site may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on links posted on this website. It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah ... × Join 354,418 happy subscribers and sign up for our free newsletter! You'll get: Tips and advice from our expert money reporters. (Our average experience is 18 years!) Unexpected ways to make more and spend less, delivered to you daily. The best deals and coupons to save on everything you buy. A free PDF stuffed full of 205 ways to save and a free money course valued at $34.95! Submit 122,761 12,181
Skip to Content Skip to Navigation ABC Radio Australia Internationalchange International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Change site International International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Tok Pisin Tok Pisin News and features from Australia in Tok Pisin and English Français French News and current affairs from Australia in French and English for the Pacific ျမန္မာ Burmese News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Burmese and English ខ្មែរ Khmer News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Khmer and English Primary Links News Latest stories Features Featured topics Asia Australia Business Pacific Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Featured Programs Pacific Beat Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Search ABC Radio Australia Keywords Advanced search Home \ News Amazon's $12b raid on Australian retail: Who'll feel the pain and why consumers won't gain (too much) Amazon's $12b raid on Australian retail: Who'll feel the pain and why consumers won't gain (too much) Print Share this story Amazon's $12b raid on Australian retail: Who'll feel the pain and why consumers won't gain (too much) Updated 2 June 2017, 11:40 AEST By business reporter Stephen Letts A retailer's "death star" or a consumer's new universe? For many retailers Amazon is akin to a "Death Star". (Credit: ABC licensed)  The monolithic online retailer Amazon — well known for devouring anything with a cash register in its path — is set to take a $12 billion bite out of Australia's retail pie within the next decade. That's the analysis from the big broking house Morgan Stanley, which has found Amazon's imminent arrival will have a "profound" impact. With an extraordinary 370 million items stacked on its digital shelves, it is difficult to imagine a retailer that wouldn't be affected when Amazon sets up shop in Australia. What sort of pressure will retailers be under? It won't be as totally crushing as existing at the bottom of the Mariana Trench, but it will be intense nonetheless. For many retailers Amazon is akin to a "Death Star". It has market capitalisation of $US460 billion ($630 billion) with investors still eager to buy its stock at $1,000 a share. It is now twice as large as Walmart, which not so long ago was the world's biggest retailer. By way of comparison, add the value of Australia's big listed retailers — Wesfarmers, Woolworths, JB Hi Fi, Myer and Super Cheap — together and their worth comes in at some loose change over $80 billion. Unlike Australian retailers, Amazon's global sales are booming, $US136 billion ($180 billion) annually, up 23 per cent year-on-year in its last quarterly filing. Currently Amazon hardly even notices its sales in Australia, just $1 billion worth of stuff purchased via its offshore websites. That's about to change. Largest Australian retailers Sales ($ billion) Woolworths supermarkets $34.8 billion Coles supermarkets $29.4 billion Bunnings $10.6 billion Aldi $6.7 billion Harvey Norman $5.3 billion Kmart $5.2 billion eBay $4.7 billion Big W $3.8 billion JB Hi-Fi $3.7 billion Target $3.5 billion Source: Company data, Morgan Stanley Research What does it plan to do here? While it is yet to unveil detailed plans since last month's announcement that it was on its way, the betting is Amazon will establish up to five distribution centres spread between Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane. To illustrate the power of Amazon's model, Morgan Stanley tallied up Amazon's sales per square metre with its costs and then compared them to Australia's big retailers. While its costs are marginally higher than the likes of Woolworths, Coles and JB Hi-FI, its sales efficiency is significantly higher. That's where the jaws open up for a big bite. As Morgan Stanley's Thomas Kierath says, "Amazon effectively is a pure play online department store that is super customer-focused and has a very long-term investment horizon, so it doesn't mind losing money in the build-out phase." So who will be hit hardest? On Morgan Stanley's calculations, department stores and perhaps oddly enough, that other big digital disruptor from the US, eBay, will be the most affected. Australia has more department stores per capita than anywhere else on earth — 807 all up, or one for every 30,000 residents. In the US it is one department store per 62,000 people and France — that great defender of small retailers — it is close to 800,000 people to every department store, although you wouldn't guess in the checkout queues. Australian department stores can't close, even when generating losses, because of the "must trade" clauses in their long-term leases, which leaves them pretty much as high-cost, sitting ducks. Department stores here are also heavily dependent on sales of apparel — more than a quarter of their sales are in clothes and footwear — which just happens to line up with one of Amazon's strengths. Company Estimated sales losses in FY2026 Estimated sales loss in percentage terms JB HiFi -$964 million -10pc Harvey Norman -$612 million -10pc Super Cheap Retail -$229 million -6pc Wesfarmers -$2707 million -4pc Woolworths -$916 million -2pc Myer -$547 million -15pc Source: Morgan Stanley estimates, company data In the US, department stores — like Walmart — accounted for 26 per cent of sales in 2005. That share fell to 11 per cent last year, and is forecast to be just 7 per cent by 2020. Not surprisingly, US department store profits have halved in the past decade. Mr Kierath said Wesfarmers' very successful Kmart chain has the most to lose by Amazon's arrival — being as profitable as all the others combined — and it sells a relatively narrow range of commodity products. In other words Amazon's bread and butter, and that is bad news for Wesfarmers. Mr Kierath says eBay, which generates sales of around $5 billion in Australia, and is arguably the nation's seventh-biggest retailer, is also in Amazon's path and likely to get squashed. Amazon operates a very big and growing marketplace business, where third parties list their products on its website. So eBay may get a dose of its own disruptive medicine. Who won't be too badly off? Probably a couple of well established "category killers" like JB Hi-Fi and Super Retail, as well as fresh food outlets, will cope the best. Retailers in Australia have generally been slow to embrace online sales. JB Hi-Fi is one of the few that breaks out online sales. It reported 3 per cent of its main brand's sales are online, while for its recently acquired Good Guys chain, it is closer to 5 per cent. And JB Hi-Fi is one of the few big retailers who really gives online a go. Despite its success, Kmart is considered weak online. It charges an additional $3 for "click and collect" sales, a charge that is sometimes more costly than the item for sale. According to Morgan Stanley, Super Retail and JB Hi-FI are already well organised, competitively priced and reasonably placed to defend their ground. In the US, similar "category killers" like Best Buys and Dick's Sports Goods have managed if to, if not thrive, then at least survive with Amazon. Fresh food retailers are probably best placed to continue to grow in Amazon's New Retail Order for a number of reasons according to Morgan Stanley: The cost of picking and delivering food is far higher than for non-food. Local scale is more important than global scale for food retailers The fastest-growing category in food is fresh, which is perishable Nonetheless, Mr Kierath says Amazon is still capable of gobbling up around 5 per cent of the fresh food market. What will the impact be on prices? Believe it or not, the price gap between the US and Australia has narrowed in recent years according to Morgan Stanley's survey. "Comparing the price of the same product across eight categories in both the US and Australia since 2011, and in seven out of the eight categories, the price gap has closed significantly," Morgan Stanley said. JB Hi-Fi's average price for a group of consumer electronics products is just 11 per cent higher than the price for the same group in the US — as offered by Amazon.com, strawberrynet and other US company websites — compared to the 26 per cent premium in 2011. Still, there is a considerable value gap in many products. Product US: Amazon US: Best Buy Aust: JB HiFi Aust: Kogan Aust average price Difference between Aust average & Amazon HDMI cable Amazon brand 6ft $US7.09 Insignia 6ft $US14.99 Soniq 2.4m $14.99 $US45 Kogan 3m $25 $US19 $US32 -78pc In-ear headphones Amazon Basics $US7.09 Koss $US6.99 Flea Market $13.96 Kogan $9 $US9 -8pc Go-pro head strap Amazon Basics $US7.46 Insignia $US9.99 KB $29 Kogan $19 $US18 -59pc Bluetooth speaker Amazon Basics $US19.99 Insignia $US29.99 Flea Market $41.96 sold out $US32 -37pc Bluetooth key board Amazon Basics $US23.99 Logitech $US26.99 Logitech $26.99 Logitech $49 $US45 -46pc Source: Morgan Stanley This doesn't mean Australian retailers have been happily gouging away in the absence of competition from the likes of Amazon. Australian retailers simply are sold goods at a higher price than their US counterparts. "We examined the Australian accounts for five global retailers and found that 15 to 35 per cent of Australian consumer electronics suppliers sales are Australian dollar incurred costs," Mr Kierath said. 'Though Amazon is known for its very long-term investment horizons and competitive retail offer, we believe that it will compete on range and delivery, rather than price." There are pros and cons in Australia, even for company with its eyes on global domination. Pros: High disposable income High internet/smartphone penetration Population concentration, three cities have half the population A relatively underdeveloped online retail market. Cons: Distribution costs are likely to be far higher than in many international markets, given relatively low population densities and higher labour costs So will consumers reap all the benefits? Not likely, according to Morgan Stanley. Judging by experiences in other markets, Amazon is likely to have very defined roll-out plan for its products. Physical media, such as books, music and Kindle readers will be first, along with electronics, then apparel. Categories that are likely to take far longer are dry goods, fresh food, and auto parts, given the higher start-up and distribution costs. The other key insight from Amazon's global roll-out is products will be sold at premium to US prices — although, that's generally standard operating procedure for all foreign retailers in Australia. "We believe that Amazon won't rebase prices in Australia — based on our analysis, Australian retail prices aren't all that much higher than those in other developed markets," Morgan Stanley said. "Australian retail prices have reduced considerably in recent years and are now only at slight premiums to the US, so we don't see Amazon compressing Australian prices. "The impact on retailers will be more of share loss and ensuing operating deleverage as consumers prefer the ease of ordering on Amazon with one-or-two-day delivery offered for free under Amazon Prime." In short, local retailers will see their margins crunched and market share devoured, while their employees are generally the first to suffer when the battleground is overheads. Consumers may see a modest benefit in terms of price and range, but that's about it. Topics: Australia Company News Retail Share this story Do you need to give feedback or ask a question about this story? Listen Top stories London Bridge attack: Jeremy Corbyn says Britain needs to have 'difficult' talks with Saudi Arabia Vladimir Putin 'didn't even really talk to' Michael Flynn at a 2015 Russia Today gala dinner Hong Kong vigil: Tens of thousands pack Victoria Park for Tiananmen Square anniversary Champions League: 1,400 Juventus fans injured in stampede in Turin's San Carlo Square Donald Trump's Paris climate pull-out puts him on a collision course with market forces Latest London attack puts Australia's military call out powers back in the spotlight More top stories Explore ABC Radio Australia Your site: International Change site: Tiếng Việt Tok Pisin Français ျမန္မာ ខ្មែរ ABC Radio Australia on Facebook Connect on Facebook ABC Radio Australia on Twitter Connect on Twitter Radio Australia Follow @RadioAustralia Radio Australia News Follow @RANews News Latest stories Features Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Subscribe Podcasts RSS iTunes Help FAQ Podcasts and RSS Audio and video Using our site World partners: Swissinfo NHK World Radio Canada International Radio Netherlands Worldwide Radio Sweden This service includes material from AAP, Agence France-Presse, APTN, BBC, CNN, Getty, Pacnews, Reuters and other agencies which is copyright and cannot be reproduced, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written consent. Australia Plus Television Radio Australia ABC News ABC International Development ABC Home About the ABC Careers ABC Services Help ABC Contacts © 2015 ABC Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility
Skip to Content Skip to Navigation ABC Radio Australia Internationalchange International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Change site International International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Tok Pisin Tok Pisin News and features from Australia in Tok Pisin and English Français French News and current affairs from Australia in French and English for the Pacific ျမန္မာ Burmese News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Burmese and English ខ្មែរ Khmer News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Khmer and English Primary Links News Latest stories Features Featured topics Asia Australia Business Pacific Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Featured Programs Pacific Beat Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Search ABC Radio Australia Keywords Advanced search Home \ News Teenage girl steals machete, hacks Uber driver to death in Chicago, court hears Teenage girl steals machete, hacks Uber driver to death in Chicago, court hears Print Share this story Teenage girl steals machete, hacks Uber driver to death in Chicago, court hears Updated 2 June 2017, 11:35 AEST A 16-year-old girl stole a machete and a knife from a Walmart before climbing into an Uber car and hacking into the driver who later died, a Chicago court hears. The school girl has been charged as an adult with first-degree murder. (Credit: ABC)  A 16-year-old girl stole a machete and a knife from a Walmart before climbing into an Uber car and hacking into the driver who later died, a Chicago court has heard. The driver died of his wounds after giving police a description of the attacker, leading to her arrest. A prosecutor read out an account of the attack, saying Eliza Wasni climbed into a car driven by 34-year-old Grant Nelson and attacked him with the knife and machete. The judge ordered the girl, who was charged as an adult with first-degree murder, to be held without bond. The two-page description offered no reason for the attack, but portrayed Wasni as a calm girl who "nonchalantly" could be seen walking through Walmart, the knives in hand, before she walked outside without paying. Assistant public defender David McMahon said Wasni had no previous criminal record, attended high school and lived with her mother. Prosecutors said Nelson, a resident of Wilmette in Illinois, picked the girl up shortly after 3am on Tuesday (local time). It was her third ride in an Uber vehicle in the early morning hours of Tuesday. Two minutes after he began driving, prosecutors said Wasni began stabbing Nelson from the back seat. Photo: Uber driver Grant Nelson (L) pictured with his family. His sister Alex posted the photo on Facebook following his death. (Facebook: Alex Nelson) Nelson was able to pull over and ran into a nearby condominium building, where he screamed, "Help me, help me! I'm going to die!" until residents called emergency services. Wasni climbed into the front seat of Nelson's blood-splattered silver sedan and drove away, striking a median strip in the road. She jumped out of the vehicle and fled on foot. Police follow trail of blood to victim When police arrived, they found the vehicle with blood on both the inside and the outside, with Nelson's phone open to the Uber app. The app said Nelson's passenger was someone named Eliza. Officers followed the trial of blood and found Nelson lying in grass. He was bleeding profusely from several wounds, and was able to tell the officers what had happened. He died at a nearby hospital a few hours later. Using the description given by Nelson, police found Wasni nearby crouching behind an air conditioner with a machete in one hand and a knife in the other. Police warned her that she would be shot with a Taser if she did not drop the weapons, and when she did not comply an officer used the Taser. Wasni dropped the knives and was taken into custody. Police said she did not make a statement. External Link: Grant Nelson and Alex Nelson as children According to prosecutors, police recovered a shirt the girl could be seen wearing in the Walmart. The shirt had blood on it. Uber officials said the company was working with police to provide information relevant to the investigation. "We are heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners," Uber said in a statement. "Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time." Nelson's sister, Alex Nelson, told local media her brother was a good person. "He was not a vindictive person," Alex Nelson said. "He was not a cruel person. He didn't deserve this fate." AP Topics: Murder and Manslaughter United States Share this story Do you need to give feedback or ask a question about this story? Listen Top stories London Bridge attack: Jeremy Corbyn says Britain needs to have 'difficult' talks with Saudi Arabia Vladimir Putin 'didn't even really talk to' Michael Flynn at a 2015 Russia Today gala dinner Hong Kong vigil: Tens of thousands pack Victoria Park for Tiananmen Square anniversary Champions League: 1,400 Juventus fans injured in stampede in Turin's San Carlo Square Donald Trump's Paris climate pull-out puts him on a collision course with market forces Latest London attack puts Australia's military call out powers back in the spotlight More top stories Explore ABC Radio Australia Your site: International Change site: Tiếng Việt Tok Pisin Français ျမန္မာ ខ្មែរ ABC Radio Australia on Facebook Connect on Facebook ABC Radio Australia on Twitter Connect on Twitter Radio Australia Follow @RadioAustralia Radio Australia News Follow @RANews News Latest stories Features Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Subscribe Podcasts RSS iTunes Help FAQ Podcasts and RSS Audio and video Using our site World partners: Swissinfo NHK World Radio Canada International Radio Netherlands Worldwide Radio Sweden This service includes material from AAP, Agence France-Presse, APTN, BBC, CNN, Getty, Pacnews, Reuters and other agencies which is copyright and cannot be reproduced, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written consent. Australia Plus Television Radio Australia ABC News ABC International Development ABC Home About the ABC Careers ABC Services Help ABC Contacts © 2015 ABC Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility
About Us Newsletter Advertising Subscribe Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Fleet Owner Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close News Equipment Fleet Management Running Green Safety Technology Truck Stats FleetSeek Resource Centers Driver Management HD Pickup & Van Maintenance Powertrain Regulation Advertisement Home > Fleet Management > Walmart using associates to make home deliveries Walmart using associates to make home deliveries Testing of voluntary program taking place at three stores. Jun 1, 2017 Fleet Owner Staff | Fleet Owner EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 A Walmart associate loads a package for delivery into her car at the end of her shift (Photo: Walmart Stores) Related Media Green Fleet of the Year: Walmart Wal-Mart seeking greater freight control E-commerce: Is it truly good for trucking? Walmart Stores said it is testing the use of company associates to deliver online orders to customers’ homes. “Not only can this cut shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently, it creates a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business,” Marc Love, president and CEO of Walmart’s e-commerce division in the United States, wrote in a June 1 blog post announcing the move. Popular Now How freight is priced and paid for is changing fast Rates on spot market show strength BorgWarner introduces CAT replacement turbo The test is beginning at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Last year, Walmart purchased online retailer Jet.com for $3.3 billion last year to fight off online retail competition from Amazon.com and others. Walmart trucks already move orders to stores from fulfillment centers, and can transport ship-to-home orders to a store close to the final destination, Love said. At that point, an associate can make the home delivery. He added this idea can provide associates a way to earn extra income on their drives home, if they choose to participate. Walmart said 90% of the U.S. population lives within 10 miles of a store, making it easy to match an associate’s commute with a delivery order. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles Cory Home Delivery partners with Penske, Demountable Concepts Cory Home Delivery adds clients, expands facilities 10 Case Study: Cory Home Delivery Not Home Delivery, but Parked Car Delivery Symbol, Descartes join in home-delivery project Advertisement Current Issue Passing Inspections Alt Fuels: Alive and well Battling Fatigue CURRENT ISSUE  / ARCHIVE FREE INFORMATION FROM OUR ADVERTISERS   Advertisement Connect With Us Twitter Facebook RSS Resource Centers Hungry for more? Visit our Resource Centers for more! Advertisement FleetOwner.com News Equipment Fleet Management Fuel Regulations Running Green Safety Technology Truck Stats Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Fleet Owner Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Us Twitter Facebook RSS Search FleetOwner.com Search: FleetOwner Magazine FleetOwner Related Sites American Trucker FleetSeek Trailer-Body Builders Bulk Transporter Refrigerated Transporter WardsAuto American Trucker Equipment Search Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
