Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Walmart's CEO shares two things that convinced him to pay $3 billion for Jet.com Eugene Kim Aug. 18, 2016, 5:28 PM 14,821 facebook linkedin twitter email print Walmart CEO Doug McMillonReuters/Ray Stubblebine Walmart showed it's serious about growing its online presence when it bought Jet.com for $3.3 billion last week, the highest price tag for any US e-commerce startup ever. Given Jet.com's only two years old and likely nowhere near profitable, that's a hefty price to pay. But Walmart CEO Doug McMillon shared two things about Jet.com that convinced him to go the extra mile during Thursday's earnings call: its discount technology, and its CEO Marc Lore. More specifically, McMillon likes Jet.com's technology that allows customers to get higher discounts as they purchase more items. Jet.com is known for its unique discount policy that rewards additional discounts to customers who buy more items, opt out of free returns, or pay by debit card (instead of credit cards). He said: "One of the things we like about the technology they've developed is that it rewards customers in real-time with savings on a basket of goods and puts them more in charge of the price they pay. This empowers customers in a way that is true to the spirit of Walmart. When customers build a basket of goods online rather than ordering one item at a time, shipping economics are in their favor and ours. Walmart's advantage has always been in providing the lowest prices on a basket, and Jet has created a unique way to deliver the lowest cost basket online." McMillon also praised Lore, who Walmart reportedly tried to add to its team six years ago by purchasing his then startup, Quidsi, which eventually sold to Amazon. Lore is now in charge of running both Jet.com and Walmart's online business as its president and CEO of e-commerce. "Marc is a passionate merchant and innovative thinker who will definitely add value to our business," McMillon said. Perhaps the clearest sign of McMillon's commitment to Lore could be seen in the fact that Walmart's requiring Jet.com's founder to stay with the company for five years, not the typical two years, to fully realize his payout, as Recode's Jason Del Rey previously reported. Lore will report directly to McMillon once the acquisition is complete, making him one of Walmart CEO's closest lieutenants. "I look forward to working with him," McMillon said of Lore during the call. SEE ALSO: Macy's is shutting down 100 stores, but its CFO says it still has a big advantage over Amazon NOW WATCH: How to choose the best cut of steak — according to Anthony Bourdain Loading video... More: Walmart Jet.com Marc Lore Doug McMillion Acquisition facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Walmart's CEO shares two things that convinced him to pay $3 billion for Jet.com Walmart's CEO shares two things that convinced him to pay $3 billion for Jet.com Walmart showed it's serious about growing its... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscription Services Advertise PB Inner Circle Sign up for Morning Mail e-Edition Today's Sales Inserts About Us Contact Us Submission Forms News Local News Columns Minnesota Nation World History Special report: ‘Fight for the Union’ Webcams Submit a News Tip Sports High School Sports Local Sports P-B Playbook Minnesota Sports National Sports Outdoors Life Lifestyles Food Wellness Travel Entertainment Celebrations Kid Scoop Opinion Our Views Letters Columnists Cartoons Obituaries Death Notices Submit Information Events Live RochMN 507 Magazine Rochester Magazine Radish Magazine At Home Magazine Business Directory AgriNews Blogs Furst Draft Kiger's Notebook Political Party Jobs Find a job Post a job Recruitment Advertising Buy & Sell Classifieds Auto Homes Sales & Specials 34° Overcast Toggle navigation Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscription Services Advertise PB Inner Circle Sign up for Morning Mail e-Edition Today's Sales Inserts About Us Contact Us Submission Forms News Local News Crime and Courts Education Business Politics Elections Destination Medical Center Columns Answer Man Heard on the Street Minnesota Nation World History Special report: ‘Fight for the Union’ Webcams Submit a News Tip Sports High School Sports Century Panthers John Marshall Rockets Lourdes Eagles Mayo Spartans Local Sports P-B Playbook Minnesota Sports National Sports Outdoors Life Lifestyles Food Wellness Travel Entertainment 507 Magazine Sudoku TV listings Total TV Celebrations Kid Scoop Opinion Our Views Letters Submit a Letter Commentary Guidelines Columnists Cartoons Obituaries Death Notices Submit Information Events Live RochMN 507 Magazine Rochester Magazine Radish Magazine At Home Magazine Business Directory AgriNews Blogs Furst Draft Kiger's Notebook Political Party Jobs Find a job Post a job Recruitment Advertising Buy & Sell Classifieds Marketplace Community Housing Personals Sale Service Vehicle Place your ad Auto Cars SUVs Vans Trucks RVs & Campers ATVs Boats Snowmobiles Advertise Homes Brokers Builders Agents Open Houses Real Estate Classifieds Advertise Sales & Specials HyVee Home Business 34° Rochester, MN (55903) Today Mainly cloudy with snow showers around this morning. Temps nearly steady in the mid 30s. Winds NW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of snow 60%.. Tonight Cloudy skies. Low 28F. Winds NW at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: November 23, 2016 @ 11:54 am Full Forecast top right promo - flex2 featured Target cuts outlook as it sees fewer customers in stores ANNE D'INNOCENZIO, Associated Press Aug 19, 2016 (…) NEW YORK — Target Corp. cut its profit forecast and a key sales outlook Wednesday as it saw fewer customers in its stores and acknowledged it didn't push the second part of its "Expect More, Pay Less" slogan. The Minneapolis-based discounter's second-quarter net income fell nearly 10 percent, though that was better than what most had expected. Sales at stores open at least a year fell 1.1 percent, reversing seven straight quarters of gains. Its main competitor, Wal-Mart Stores Inc., reports results Thursday. Target's shares fell $4.74, or 6 percent, to $70.74 in afternoon trading. Customer traffic fell for the first time in a year and a half as Target struggled to get its grocery offerings right and shoppers looking for deals on essentials like detergent were turned off. Other issues, both company-specific and industrywide, ranged from a lack of new electronics for sale and lingering disruptions caused by the sale last year of its pharmacy business to CVS. Sales by markets also varied, with weakness on the East Coast but pockets of strength in California. "Our No. 1 focus is driving traffic back to our stores and accelerating business to our site," Chief Executive Brian Cornell said. Target joins retailers such as department store chain Macy's that are struggling with fewer customers coming in as shoppers buy more online. The bright spots in retail have been T.J. Maxx's parent company TJX Cos. and Home Depot as consumers look for clothing bargains and focus more on their homes. Under Cornell, Target has been trying to reinvigorate itself restore its cheap-chic status after a series of headline-grabbing setbacks such as a 2013 data breach. It's focusing on categories like fashion, home furnishings and wellness products, creating vignettes featuring home products and launching the children's line Cat & Jack. But striking the right balance between stylish clothing and bedspreads while offering toothpaste and detergent at good prices has been tricky. "Our progress in apparel and home has been really significant," said Cornell. "And we've got to make sure we never lose track of the other side of our brand promise and that's the "Pay Less" side. And that's all about those core household essentials that we have to make sure are presented effectively." To boost sales and traffic, Target plans to increase marketing for its essentials and work with key vendors like Apple to push more innovation and to also improve presentations. Apple product sales were down 20 percent and the electronics department was a "significant drag," Cornell said. Target is still struggling, however, to reinvent its food section — an area where Wal-Mart is particularly strong. Grocery sales represent about 20 percent of Target's total business but it has seen disappointing results from perishables like fruits and vegetables. Its nonperishable items have been doing well, and it's marketing more organic, natural or gluten-free products. Yarbrough noted that Target faces stiff competition on the low end from Wal-Mart, which is focusing on lowering prices further, and at the high end from the likes of stores like Whole Foods and others. "Grocery is going to be more difficult to fix," said Brian P. Yarbrough, a senior analyst at the Edward Jones investment firm, which downgraded Target's stock to "hold" from a "buy" rating Wednesday. "They're not a destination for food. They don't offer a whole suite of products." While nowhere near the online volume of Amazon, Target is expanding its online services. It's doubling the number of stores that will be used to ship products directly to online shoppers' homes, which will result in speedier deliveries. Online sales rose 16 percent in the second quarter, lower than the 23 percent gain in the first quarter. Target also is spending to modify some stores after an outcry from some customers about its policy of allowing transgender customers and staff to use the bathrooms that identifies with their gender identity. Flex2 - Morning Mail - Horizontal for Articles More Headlines A new type of canola Volvo goes from stodgy to sleek Target exec: Holidays are about 'great affordability and great value' 4 ways to get the most out of Black Friday weekend Multimedia Editorial cartoons, week of Nov. 21 Photos: Century, Owatonna girls hockey Photos: Lens on History Week in Photos: 11-19-16 top right promo - flex2 What do you think? Stocks News Sports Life Opinion Multimedia Obituaries Blogs Weather RochesterMN AgriNews Services About Us Contact Us Careers Advertise Subscription Services Purchase Photo Reprints Submission Forms Contact us PostBulletin.com 18 First Ave. S.E. Rochester, MN 55903 Phone: 800-562-1758 or 507-285-7600 Email: webmaster@postbulletin.com © Copyright 2016 Post-Bulletin Company, LLC, 18 First Ave. S.E. Rochester, MN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Walmart and Target are struggling to compete with Amazon Daniel B. Kline, The Motley Fool Aug. 19, 2016, 8:07 PM 2,875 facebook linkedin twitter email print File photo of employees working at a Target store at St. Albert Thomson Reuters Target and Walmart face significant challenges as American and global consumers change how they shop. Having physical stores in convenient locations has kept both companies relevant, but it has become increasingly clear that what worked in the past will not be enough to guarantee future success. Shoppers simply have different expectations, creating what Target called "a difficult retail environment" in its Q2 earnings release, and both companies have struggled to adapt to different degrees.  In a world that has quickly gone digital -- where Amazon.com has continually refined and improved its delivery options -- neither Walmart nor Target has quite come up with an answer to the online leader. Efforts to mix technology into physical stores with ideas like curbside pickup, order online/pick up in store, and enabling apps to help with in-store shopping are bandages that do not close the wound. Target and Walmart are tackling these problems from somewhat different places, but comments and moves made by each one show they understand that it's a changing retail world where what worked in the past may not carry the future. How did Target do?  Target, which reported results on Aug. 17, had a fairly bleak second quarter, with a comparable-sales decrease of 1.1% (its first drop since Q1 2015) and GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations of $1.07, a decrease of 11.6% from Q2 2015. If you adjust for $161 million of pre-tax early debt retirement losses, the numbers look a little better, coming in at EPS of $1.23, an increase of 0.5% over the same period last year. That's better, but the company's adjusted increase comes from careful spending controls, not increased sales, and the chain has adjusted its expected comparable-sales growth for the final two quarters of the year to between flat and a loss of 2%. Q2 sales actually dropped by 7.2% and fewer people visited its stores. On the positive side, comparable digital channel sales grew 16% and contributed 0.5 percentage points to comparable-sales growth.  CEO Brian Cornell acknowledged "challenges" in his remarks in the earnings release while promising a turnaround eventually, just maybe not soon. "Looking ahead, we remain focused on our enterprise priorities as we continue to see the benefits of investing in Signature Categories, store experience, new flex-format stores and digital capabilities," he said. "Although we are planning for a challenging environment in the back half of the year, we believe we have the right strategy to restore traffic and sales growth over time." Walmart has better news Walmart has done a better job than its rival in managing its near-term affairs. On Aug. 17, The company reported Q2 2017 revenue of $120.9 billion, an increase of 0.5% (or 2.8% on a constant-currency level). U.S. stores saw positive comparative sales for the eighth straight quarter, rising 1.6%, which the company said was driven by its seventh straight quarter of increased traffic to its stores.  Global sales were up 2.2% when you exclude currency impact. On a worldwide constant-currency basis, e-commerce sales and gross merchandise volume increased 11.8% and 13%, respectively, representing an acceleration from the first quarter. David McNew/Getty Images That's good news, certainly a better result than what Target delivered, but Walmart still faces the same long-term problem as its rival: Amazon. Walmart clearly understands that because it just spent $3.3 billion to buy e-commerce company Jet.com, a money-losing company with $1 billion in net sales, and placed its CEO, Marc Lore, in charge of its entire digital operation. The retailer also changed its digital strategy in China, selling its Yihaodian website to JD.com, the country's No. 2 online retailer. In exchange, Walmart gets a 5% stake in JD.com, valued at roughly $1.5 billion at recent prices, and access to JD.com's delivery network and shoppers, The Wall Street Journal reported.  An attempt to catch up For a long time, Walmart and Target had an edge over Amazon simply because they had a network of stores. However, by building up its Prime membership, which offers free two-day shipping, and increasing its shipping capacity and options (including Sunday delivery), the online retailer has made that edge less relevant. If more customers go online, Walmart and Target could be left behind. Walmart had $14 billion in online sales in 2015, while Amazon's sales (which include its web services business) reached $107 billion, according to The Wall Street Journal. In FY 2016, only 3.4% of Target's $72 billion in sales were from digital operations, slightly higher than Walmart's 3%. Even though Walmart stands as No. 2 to Amazon in U.S. e-commerce sales, that's like saying that the Canadian Football League is the second-best professional football league in the world behind the NFL. It's true in a technical sense, but the distance between the two is so great, it's hard to imagine Walmart ever catching up, and Target barely registers as a competitor.  In May, Fortune cited eMarketer data showing that Walmart notched $12.5 billion in online sales in the last year in the U.S. while Amazon pulled in $82.8 billion.  Walmart has done a better job than Target in meeting the challenge so far, but shopping in stores has become a less necessary activity that will only become less relevant as time goes on. Both companies either need to find a way to make people buck the trend impacting nearly all physical retailers or do more online business.  Both have shown that's possible as digital sales are at least trending up, but long-term relevancy, maybe even survival, requires a lot more work. Disclosure: Jeff Bezos is an investor in Business Insider through his personal investment company Bezos Expeditions. Read the original article on The Motley Fool. Copyright 2016. Follow The Motley Fool on Twitter. More from The Motley Fool: He Made 21,078% Buying Amazon. Here’s His New Pick Forget Apple! Here's a Better Stock to Buy Shark Tank Just Revealed a Trillion-Dollar Idea 11 Rules For Building Wealth After 50 NOW WATCH: This hidden iPhone feature will boost your reception Loading video... More: Target Walmart Amazon Retail Online Shopping The Motley Fool facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Walmart and Target are struggling to compete with Amazon Walmart and Target are struggling to compete with Amazon Target and Walmart face... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Retail Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Retail Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
Walmart online grocery pickup hits Mid-South - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT 2016 St. Jude Dream Home I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Chopper 5 Biker Dad Blog 2016 Mid-South Heart Walk Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Sports Friday Football Fever 2016 Olympic Games College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis 'Raw Travel' premieres in October on WMC Action News 5 Our local commitment In the kitchen with Chef Jeff WMC-TV 5 Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 Station History WMC-TV 5 Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Walmart online grocery pickup hits Mid-South 2016-08-19T22:43:45Z2016-08-19T23:33:56Z By Jerica Phillips Email Connect jphillips@wmctv.com (Source: WMC Action News 5) MEMPHIS, TN (WMC) - Walmart has rolled out online grocery shopping with carside pickup in the Mid-South. The service will rival Kroger’s Clicklist, which began in several Mid-South stores in June. Walmart is now serving out groceries at five locations in the Memphis area. “It’s a good idea and a lot of people would do it with so many working people,” Myrna Salomon said. Walmart grocery pickup has started at select stores in Millington, Cordova, West Memphis, Southaven, and Olive Branch. The stores will differ from Kroger, however. Kroger’s Clicklist charged $4.95 but has no minimum purchase. Walmart offers free pickup but has a $30 minimum. Also, Kroger does not currently offer same-day pickup in the area while Walmart guarantees same-day services if a customer orders online by a specific time. “I think it might be convenient if you have little ones in the car, especially newborns,” Sabrina Hall said. However, others think going inside the store is not a bad idea. “Fast food and everything is made to be lazy. It's not going to hurt to go in the grocery store,” Valencia Tearily said. To see all the locations participating, click here. Copyright 2016 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Wife charged with running over, murdering her husband Wife charged with running over, murdering her husband Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 1:36 PM EST2016-11-23 18:36:49 GMT (Source: SCSO) A woman now faces first-degree murder charges after police said she used her car to kill her husband. More >> A woman now faces first-degree murder charges after police said she used her car to kill her husband.More >> $50,000 reward offered following robbery of USPS mail carrier $50,000 reward offered following robbery of USPS mail carrier Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 12:46 PM EST2016-11-23 17:46:57 GMT Investigators say this is a similar model vehicle to what the robbery was driving. (Source: WMC Action News 5) A U.S. Post Office employee was robbed while delivering mail in Memphis. More >> A U.S. Post Office employee was robbed while delivering mail in Memphis.More >> How you can help Chattanooga bus crash victims How you can help Chattanooga bus crash victims Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 12:14 PM EST2016-11-23 17:14:03 GMT (from left to right) D'Myunn Brown, Zoie Nash, Cordayja Jones, Zyaira Mateen, and Zyanna Harris (Source: Family via Facebook) Five children were killed in a school bus crash in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Now the entire country is looking for a way to help those families. More >> Five children were killed in a school bus crash in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Now the entire country is looking for a way to help those families.More >> Death of man found by grandmother ruled a homicide Death of man found by grandmother ruled a homicide Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 12:08 PM EST2016-11-23 17:08:43 GMT (Source: Family) Memphis Police Department is investigating Tate's death as a homicide. More >> Memphis Police Department is investigating Tate's death as a homicide.More >> Children killed in Chattanooga bus crash identified Children killed in Chattanooga bus crash identified Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 11:38 AM EST2016-11-23 16:38:22 GMT (from left to right) D'Myunn Brown, Zoie Nash, Cordayja Jones, Zyaira Mateen, and Zyanna Harris (Source: Family via Facebook) Four of the five children killed in Monday's school bus crash in Chattanooga have been identified by family members.More >> All five children killed in Monday's school bus crash in Chattanooga have been identified by family members.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Warrant: Man charged with murder after wife found dead, may be traveling with 17-year-old Warrant: Man charged with murder after wife found dead, may be traveling with 17-year-old Posted: Tuesday, November 22 2016 9:48 AM EST2016-11-22 14:48:36 GMT Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 10:54 AM EST2016-11-23 15:54:14 GMT John Blauvelt (Source: Simpsonville PD) Hannah Thompson (Source: Fountain Inn Police Department) Simpsonville police have arrested one man and are searching for another, who is considered armed and dangerous, in case of a woman found stabbed to death in an abandoned home in October.  More >> Simpsonville police have arrested one man and are searching for another, who is considered armed and dangerous, in case of a woman found stabbed to death in an abandoned home in October. More >> Children found covered in feces in 'hell hole' apartment Children found covered in feces in 'hell hole' apartment Posted: Tuesday, November 22 2016 1:03 AM EST2016-11-22 06:03:33 GMT Updated: Tuesday, November 22 2016 1:03 AM EST2016-11-22 06:03:33 GMT Police officers, one wearing a Hazmat suit, stand outside the apartment where two young children were found living in squalor, one of them harnessed to a bed. (Source: WFXT/CNN) The couple’s 2-year-old daughter was found naked in her crib, shivering from the cold and smeared with feces. Their 4-year-old son was in another bedroom, tied down to the top of a bunk bedMore >> The couple’s 2-year-old daughter was found naked in her crib, shivering from the cold and smeared with feces. Their 4-year-old son was in another bedroom, tied down to the top of a bunk bedMore >> Boy killed in bus crash a jokester; girl liked dress-up Boy killed in bus crash a jokester; girl liked dress-up Posted: Wednesday, November 23 2016 1:23 PM EST2016-11-23 18:23:42 GMT Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 1:23 PM EST2016-11-23 18:23:42 GMT Thirty-five children had been riding on a bus police said was traveling too fast Monday afternoon when it veered off a narrow, winding road and crashed into a tree on the way home from elementary school. More >> D'Myunn Brown liked to play little tricks on grown-ups. The 6-year-old would snatch a cell phone, hide it, then giggle and bat his big brown eyes with long, thick lashes.More >> Classic 'WKRP' turkey episode has become a Thanksgiving tradition Classic 'WKRP' turkey episode has become a Thanksgiving tradition Posted: Wednesday, November 23 2016 12:24 PM EST2016-11-23 17:24:30 GMT Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 12:24 PM EST2016-11-23 17:24:30 GMT ‘As God is my witness, I thought turkeys could fly’More >> A classic TV show's unforgettable and hilarious Thanksgiving episode has endured through the ages.More >> Children killed in Chattanooga bus crash identified Children killed in Chattanooga bus crash identified Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 11:38 AM EST2016-11-23 16:38:22 GMT (from left to right) D'Myunn Brown, Zoie Nash, Cordayja Jones, Zyaira Mateen, and Zyanna Harris (Source: Family via Facebook) Four of the five children killed in Monday's school bus crash in Chattanooga have been identified by family members.More >> All five children killed in Monday's school bus crash in Chattanooga have been identified by family members.More >> Gov. Nikki Haley accepts offer to be Trump's U.N. Ambassador Gov. Nikki Haley accepts offer to be Trump's U.N. Ambassador Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 9:22 AM EST2016-11-23 14:22:53 GMT Gov. Nikki Haley has reportedly accepted a role as U.N. Ambassador in President-elect Donald Trump's administration. (Source: Governor's Office) South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley has accepted President-elect Donald Trump's offer to become the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations. More >> South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley has accepted President-elect Donald Trump's offer to become the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations.More >> Trump taps SC Gov Haley and charter school backer DeVos Trump taps SC Gov Haley and charter school backer DeVos Posted: Wednesday, November 23 2016 1:24 PM EST2016-11-23 18:24:26 GMT Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 1:24 PM EST2016-11-23 18:24:26 GMT President-elect Donald Trump has chosen South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley as U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, the first woman tapped for a top-level administration post during his White House transition so far.More >> President-elect Donald Trump has chosen South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley to serve as U.S. ambassador to the United Nations and prominent charter school advocate Betsy DeVos as his secretary of education, the first women...More >> Parents volunteer kids for night in jail in hopes of behavior turnaround Parents volunteer kids for night in jail in hopes of behavior turnaround Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 6:18 AM EST2016-11-23 11:18:14 GMT (Michael Clark | WBTV) Children as young as 11 participated in the Chester County Sheriff's Offices' Project STORM. More >> Children as young as 11 participated in the Chester County Sheriff's Offices' Project STORM.More >> World's tallest waterslide to be demolished after boy died World's tallest waterslide to be demolished after boy died Posted: Wednesday, November 23 2016 12:03 PM EST2016-11-23 17:03:08 GMT Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 12:03 PM EST2016-11-23 17:03:08 GMT A 168-foot-tall Kansas waterslide on which a state lawmaker's 10-year-old son was killed last summer will be demolished once the unfolding investigation of the tragedy is finished, the water park's...More >> A 168-foot-tall Kansas waterslide on which a state lawmaker's 10-year-old son was killed last summer will be demolished once the investigations of the tragedy are finished, the water park's operators said.More >> Support pouring in for widower selling firewood Support pouring in for widower selling firewood Updated: Monday, November 21 2016 10:54 PM EST2016-11-22 03:54:26 GMT One man's roadside firewood stand in Gulfport is getting the attention of thousands of people all across the world. It's his heartbreaking story that has people jumping at the chance to help. More >> One man's roadside firewood stand in Gulfport is getting the attention of thousands of people all across the world. It's his heartbreaking story that has people jumping at the chance to help.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.

null
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Walmart's Crime Problem, and the Week's Other Must-Read Stories subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Roadmap to 2020 Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 6 hours Amazon's Alexa can't speak Chinese, but the LingLong DingDong can: bit.ly/2gjvJKe Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Daniel Becerril/REUTERS Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Dave Pell. Dave Pell Date of Publication: 08.19.16. 08.19.16 Time of Publication: 3:52 pm. 3:52 pm Walmart’s Crime Problem, and the Week’s Other Must-Read Stories Daniel Becerril/REUTERS Editor’s note: We’re proud to bring NextDraft—the most righteous, most essential newsletter on the web—to WIRED.com. Every Friday you’ll get a roundup of the week’s most popular must-read stories from around the internet, courtesy of mastermind Dave Pell. So dig in and geek out. The Sausage Party’s Over I don’t want to be an alarmist, but there’s a chance we’re running out of swear words. Over the years, our language has become more coarse, and dropping F bombs and other profanities has been fully integrated into our daily exchanges. As use of the words becomes more acceptable, they lose their power. Then what? As MaClean’s Brian Bethune explains: “If English should lose its surprisingly small profane vocabulary set through overusage, we would be forced to invent new obscenities. That would be no easy task, given the polished perfection of what biology, time and chance has already bequeathed us.” (Are we ready for a world in which shit doesn’t happen?) Like … No We now have some data to back up the assumption that you probably already held. Your politically-charged Facebook posts, no matter how impassioned and well-reasoned, are highly unlikely to make a dent in the opinions already held by those who encounter them. But all is not lost. While you might not change your friends’ minds when it comes to politics, you’re almost certainly changing the way they feel about your friendship. (Related: No one is buying the message implied by all those happy family photos you share either.) NextDraft About The NextDraft newsletter is now on WIRED.com. Every Friday, mastermind Dave Pell visits the far reaches of the web to bring the news you missed. Politics, tech, science—you name it, and it’s here. (Original story reprinted with permission from NextDraft.) The Scene of the Crime Does Walmart have a target on its back? It sure looks that way when you consider at the soaring crime rates at many of its stores. “Police reports from dozens of stores suggest the number of petty crimes committed on Walmart properties nationwide this year will be in the hundreds of thousands. But people dashing out the door with merchandise is the least troubling part of Walmart’s crime problem. More than 200 violent crimes, including attempted kidnappings and multiple stabbings, shootings, and murders, have occurred at the nation’s 4,500 Walmarts this year.” It’s a big problem. It’s taxing police departments. And, as Bloomberg reports, it’s the direct result of the company’s cost-cutting strategies: Walmart’s Out-of-Control Crime Problem Is Driving Police Crazy. End of the Green Mile “They simply do not provide the same level of correctional services, programs, and resources; they do not save substantially on costs; and as noted in a recent report by the Department’s Office of Inspector General, they do not maintain the same level of safety and security.” The Justice Department just announced they would end the use of private prisons. Letting corporations profit off of incarceration? What could possibly go wrong… (Now that the US will no longer use private prisons, WeWork has some very raw, industrial startup space for rent.) + The poor performance of private prisons came to light thanks to journalism (yes, the very same media we love to attack), including an excellent MoJo piece I shared earlier this summer. And here from the publication: This is what’s missing from journalism right now. He Who Shall Not Be Named “We’ve made online heroes out of them. We call them lone wolf — that sounds cool. Terrorist — that sounds cool to people who want to be that.” Many publications in France have adopted a new strategy when it comes to covering terror and mass shootings. They’re not naming the perpetrators. Can removing the fame incentive make a difference in the mind of a sociopath? It’s worth noting that during some recent mass murder events, the shooter actually accessed social media during the incident. Today’s murderers don’t have to imagine the coverage they’ll get. They can experience it. The Horrors of War “Images of the boy sitting in an ambulance were released by activists and have since been shared widely on social media. He was identified as five-year-old Omran Daqneesh, who was treated for head wounds on Wednesday.” Another photo — this one of a shocked and bloodied Syrian five-year-old victimized by an airstrike — has sparked outrage. Photos like these can grab our attention and humanize distant events. But Syria has been ravaged from air and land for years, and somewhere around 400,000 people have been killed. I’m not sure we need another photo to convince us it’s not a pretty picture. Uber-uber We often imagine autonomous vehicles has being part of some distant future. But Uber just announced that they’ll be testing self-driving cars (with passengers … and drivers, just in case) in Pittsburgh later this month. Uber also acquired Otto, a self-driving truck company that “includes engineers from a number of high-profile tech companies.” Stroke and Mirrors No one ever remembers who comes in fifth place. Unless that person fabricates a story about being robbed at gunpoint. Ryan Lochte and his fellow swimmers claimed they were held up in Rio, but it turned out their version of events didn’t hold water. As you’d imagine, the Internet is going Brazil nuts. Bottom line: When you spend your life wearing a Speedo, you can’t hide much. In the end, Lochte admitted he lied and said me sorry. + He Said, She Said: According to the AP, “Lochte first lied about the robbery to his mother, Ileana Lochte, who spoke with reporters.” (I don’t get young people today. When I was a kid, I wouldn’t have even told my mom I was competing in the Olympics.) + The NYT with this quote from the vice president for policy at Americas Society and Council of the Americas: “[The incident] has tapped into one of Brazilians’ biggest pet peeves — gringos who treat their country like a third-rate spring break destination where you can lie to the cops and get away with it.” (Full disclosure: That’s how we treat most American cities too…) + Maybe now we can drop that baseless stereotype that Rio is a place where one might get robbed. + New Yorker: Why Brazilians are so obsessed with this story. Bottom of the News A baby girl born on a plane has been given a million frequent flier miles by the airline. With advanced medicine and today’s science, she might live long enough to find an eligible flight. + “Even during snack and play time, Fraley and the other instructors observed their students and gently pushed them to think more deeply.” The LA Times takes you to a boot camp to get kids ready for kindergarten. + How the humble pencil conquered the world. + I have watched Michael Cohen’s instantly classic Say’s Who interview on CNN about a hundred times. And I still can’t wait to watch it again. Although I much prefer the shorter version that I asked someone on Twitter to splice together. This is a weekly best-of version of the NextDraft newsletter. For daily updates and to get the NextDraft app, go here. (Original story reprinted with permission from NextDraft.) Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Black Friday 2016: The Deals Worth Going to the Store For consumer tech Black Friday 2016: The Deals Worth Going to the Store For 8 hours Trump’s Immigration Crackdown Could Spark a Tech Brain Drain National Affairs Trump’s Immigration Crackdown Could Spark a Tech Brain Drain 7 hours Black Friday 2016 Computing Deals consumer tech Black Friday 2016 Computing Deals 8 hours Black Friday 2016 TV Deals consumer tech Black Friday 2016 TV Deals 5 hours Behold China’s Answer to Amazon Echo: The LingLong DingDong gear Behold China’s Answer to Amazon Echo: The LingLong DingDong 1 day Frequent Flier Miles Are Kaput—The Game’s About Credit Cards Now Travel Frequent Flier Miles Are Kaput—The Game’s About Credit Cards Now 5 hours Land Mines, Axes, and Other Ridiculous Things the TSA Has Confiscated Photo Gallery Land Mines, Axes, and Other Ridiculous Things the TSA Has Confiscated 7 hours Great. Now Even Your Headphones Can Spy on You Security Great. Now Even Your Headphones Can Spy on You 1 day More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Uncategorized Culture Podcast It’s Time for a Big Ol’ Holiday TV Smackdown! 35 mins WIRED Book Club WIRED Book Club: Are We Woman Enough for Bitch Planet? 3 hours gear Snap’s Spectacles Are the Beginning of a Camera-First Future 11.20.16 TV What to Binge-Watch Over the Holiday Break 6 hours Photo Gallery Land Mines, Axes, and Other Ridiculous Things the TSA Has Confiscated 7 hours consumer tech Black Friday 2016 TV Deals 5 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 6 hours Amazon's Alexa can't speak Chinese, but the LingLong DingDong can: bit.ly/2gjvJKe Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 6 hours Amazon's Alexa can't speak Chinese, but the LingLong DingDong can: bit.ly/2gjvJKe Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
  close wbur Here & Now About Meet The Staff Ways To Listen Full Broadcasts Archive Facebook Twitter Play Listen Live Explore Audio Schedule Programs + Sections Search Support Events About WBUR Contact Us On Point Here & Now Radio Boston Only A Game Modern Love CommonHealth Cognoscenti The ARTery Live: Here & NowPlay 15sRepeatPlay15sForward /00:00Playing Live Close Here & Now Value this story? Donate wbur Here & Now Donate Search Menu Support the news   Online Retail's Having A Good Year. So Is Cardboard.05:40 Play August 19, 2016 Share closemore Empty boxes are stacked in the packaging department at an Amazon Fulfillment Center in England on Nov. 28, 2013. (Andrew Yates/AFP/Getty Images) Walmart announced Thursday that its e-commerce business jumped nearly 12 percent in its latest quarter, a good sign just 10 days after it announced plans to buy online retailer Jet.com for $3.3 billion. Last year, Americans spent about $350 billion online, with Walmart's rival Amazon leading the pack. And as e-commerce increases, so does shipping and packaging. Specifically, cardboard. Here & Now's Peter O'Dowd speaks with Bob Gedert of the National Recycling Coalition about what the boom in online retail means for cardboard recycling. Guest Bob Gedert, president of the National Recycling Coalition and director of Austin Resource Recovery in Austin, Texas. Related: Department Stores Face Challenge From The Resale Market, Luxury And Otherwise Wal-Mart Offers Free Shipping Ahead Of Amazon Prime Day Houston Drops Glass Recycling Pickup +Join the discussion Share View comment(s) Support the news   Next Up Where to now? More Here & Now or Explore Audio. Support WBUR Donate Your Car Make A Donation Become A Member Programming Ways To Listen On-Air Schedule Download Our App Community Upcoming Events Volunteer Newsletters About WBUR Contact Us Meet The Staff Jobs & Internships © Copyright WBUR 2016 Connect with WBUR
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 lifestyle You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Meet the Man Who Lost More Than 300 Pounds on the 'Walmart Diet' Delish 8/19/2016 Maggie Maloney © Facebook/PossiblePat Meet the Man Who Lost More Than 300 Pounds on the 'Walmart Diet' Pasquale "Pat" Brocco, 31, was called "Fat Pat" his entire life. But now, he prefers the nickname "Possible Pat" because of his incredible weight loss journey and his unique fitness plan that helped him lose more than 300 pounds: walking to and from his local Walmart.  Three years ago, a doctor warned Brocco that his weight, which was then 605 pounds, as well as his high blood pressure and high cholesterol were extremely dangerous, according to ABC News. Brocco snapped a photo of himself after his appointment, and realized what his body looked like.  "My stomach was down to my thighs. My chest was hanging down here," Brocco told ABC News. "I was disgusted." © Instagram To succeed the process must become a rhythm! Rhythm is something done repetitive, so the process must be repetitive! We have to be consistent and let it become in our nature! This is for all good and bad habits, something become a habit when done constantly and repetitively, so you can either do the things that will make you successful or the things that will make you fail the choice is yours! I choose success and even tho failure will be part of it I will let the process to success become my rhythm! Never forget to believe you can and do not I repeat do not let negativity control your mind positive thoughts only!!! Sometimes my pictures are motivation but sometimes it's my caption this isn't just a fitness post it's a life post #weightlossjourney #transformation #tbt #workharder #success #weightloss #focus #fatloss #inspiration #inspire #fitnessmotivation #motivation #gymmotivation #consistency #lifestyle #healthychoices #eatcleantraindirty #cleaneating #gymlife #gymmotivation #neverquit #nevergiveup #fitfam #believeinyourself (A photo posted by Mr. Focus 6'8 280 11% Bf (@possiblepat) on Aug 4, 2016 at 4:01pm PDT) Determined to make a change, Brocco decided that every time he was hungry, he would walk to the closest Walmart near his Avondale, Arizona home, which was one mile away, and then walk back home to eat. "You walk to Walmart three times a day, and you end up walking six miles," Brocco said to ABC News. "It's amazing because I never walked six miles in my life, and I was doing it every day."  Click to expand Replay Video The Secret to French Style, From a Fashion Insider Fashion royalty Lola Rykiel talks about her fashion philosophy and how posture can alter your style. Allure Fashion Math: Leather jacket Make a silk button-up work for you all year long. ELLE 3 exercises to target your thighs Emily Skye demonstrates easy exercises for strong legs. TODAY Play Pause Seek i Volume Volume Volume Mute Unmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LO Full Screen Exit Full Screen Play Pause Volume Volume 1 Minute of Intense Exercise Can Yield Great Benefits Esquire See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next The Secret to French Style, From a Fashion Insider Allure 2:09 Fashion Math: Leather jacket ELLE 1:03 3 exercises to target your thighs TODAY 0:43 This is dot contouring INSIDER 0:58 Grandma's priceless reaction to Macy's parade birthday gift Rumble 2:19 Michelle Obama’s Best Looks ELLE 1:11 There are 2 kinds of people BuzzFeed 1:19 What 'business casual' actually means Business Insider 1:49 A total-body at-home workout for weight loss SELF 1:18 How to dress for fall with Marilyn Monroe Vanity Fair 1:21 London’s top fashionista shares her best style advice Allure 1:57 Female celebrities give advice to young women BuzzFeed 2:05 The Spider Dress Is Here to Protect Your Personal Space PopSugar 0:37 How To Create A Fishtail Braid SELF 1:04 Victoria’s Secret Angel Workout: 4 Moves For Angelic Abs SELF 0:43 Here's how a tea bag will fix a broken nail TODAY 1:00 UP NEXT Brocco changed his eating habits by loading up on healthy food-like vegetables, meat, sweet potatoes, steel-cut oatmeal, and quinoa-while cutting out junk food. He also modified his diet along the way as he discovered what foods were hurting his weight loss goals. "Once I figured out dairy was my downfall, I took it out of my diet, and instantly I started losing weight again," he told ABC News. © Instagram When I'm with the boys I talk s**t not to discourage them but to push them! We are competitive! Different strokes for different folks! I treat everyone differently because I know somethings that work for some people won't work for others! If your a motivator / trainer learn your clients!! #FullbodySundays 4rounds 1 min break at the end of each round! •20 deadlifts •20squats •20powercleans •sprint for .15 miles •20 crunches •20 push-ups •20 dumbbell rows!! Repeat heavier weight 15 reps Repeat heavier weight 12 reps Repeat heavier weight 8 reps And I know I didn't get low lol I was done after 3 rounds #sundayfunday #workharder #fitfam #weightloss #weightlossjourney #fatloss #motivation #inspire #fullbody #traindirty #lifestyle #nevergiveup (A video posted by Mr. Focus 6'8 280 11% Bf (@possiblepat) on Jul 10, 2016 at 5:13pm PDT) Within two years, he lost 200 pounds and began working out in a gym. Today, Brocco is a full 325 pounds lighter and wants to become a body builder, he wrote on his GoFundMe page. Just this week, he underwent surgery to remove the roughly 30 pounds of excess skin, which he paid for through a GoFundMe and with a discount from his doctor.  And now, "Possible Pat" is chronicling his healthy living, work outs, and meals through social media, making for some serious Instagram #Fitspo.  But his most important role at the moment? Being a role model for his one-year-old son. "I'm setting an example for my son so he can be Possible Pat, too," Brocco said to ABC News. 10 Secrets Nutritionists Tell Their Friends About Weight Loss Go to MSN Home More in Health & Fitness 25 Most Popular Pies—Ranked Eat This, Not That! 11 Airport Foods to Avoid at All Costs Eat This, Not That! 10 Ways to Avoid Holiday Overeating Cheapism 7 Doctor-Approved Ways to Boost Your Immunity Right Now Redbook These 37 celebrities never drink alcohol Spoon University 31 natural libido boosters to help you have better sex Reader's Digest Up Next The Drunkest City in Each State 24/7 Wall St. AdChoices AdChoices More from Delish The 11 Most Insane Calls To The Butterball Turkey Line Delish Starbucks Just Quietly Raised Its Prices, Yet Again Delish I Spent 6 Hours At Butterball's Turkey Hotline Boot Camp Delish Where To Find The Best Black Friday Deals On Kitchen Appliances Delish Delish Read more from Delish Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Disclaimer About Health
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse CNN's Paul La Monica Talks Target, E-Commerce And The Retail Sector With Benzinga Manikandan Raman , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} August 19, 2016 3:12pm   Comments Share: Related AMZN Analyst: Hewlett Packard Enterprise Has 'Zero Chance Of Remaining Relevant' Which FANG Stocks Should You Buy In the Trump Era? IBM And SoftLayer: Is A $3 Billion Write-Off Looming? (Seeking Alpha) Related DE 12 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Wednesday Mid-Day Market Update: Eli Lilly Tumbles After Alzheimer's Study Fails To Meet Goals; Euroseas Shares Rise Deere & Co: I Messed Up (Seeking Alpha) Target Corporation (NYSE: TGT) is losing momentum — both in brick-and-mortar stores and online — as it is bruised by Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN). But, Amazon isn't the only rival encroaching upon Target; the rebound of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) may further halt the growth at Target. "Investors have realized that Wal-Mart is turning things around," CNN digital correspondent Paul La Monica shared on Benzinga's PreMarket Prep. La Monica is also positive on the retail giant's acquisition of Jet.com and said investors are sensing that maybe Wal-Mart is a better digital bet than Target and could even give Amazon a run for its money. The executive also warned that Wal-Mart outright will not become a significant competitor in digital versus Amazon, which is also taking the "right steps." He attributed the recent gains in Wal-Mart to overselling last year as well as Amazon shares' recent "cooling off." Related Link: The Retail Earnings Season Roundup: All The Results In 1 Place La Monica, while commenting on the results of Deere & Company (NYSE: DE) and Foot Locker, Inc. (NYSE: FL), noted that Deere is gaining momentum due to Chinese demand and Footlocker is performing well despite slip-ups from Nike Inc (NYSE: NKE). Commenting on GDP trends, La Monica said if businesses don't start more investing, that may keep GDP in this kind of sluggish mode at 2 percent at best. "It is better than Europe or Japan obviously, still it doesn't feel great," he added. For more trading ideas and insight on day trading, check out PreMarket Prep LIVE every morning from 8–9:30 a.m. ET here. You can also listen to complete episodes on Soundcloud, iTunes and Stitcher. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Latest Ratings for AMZN Date Firm Action From To Nov 2016 Axiom Capital Maintains Buy Oct 2016 Goldman Sachs Maintains Buy Oct 2016 Credit Suisse Maintains Outperform View More Analyst Ratings for AMZN View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Jet.comAnalyst Color Earnings News Exclusives Analyst Ratings Trading Ideas Interview Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AMZN + DE) 12 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Wednesday Analyst: Hewlett Packard Enterprise Has 'Zero Chance Of Remaining Relevant' Mid-Day Market Update: Eli Lilly Tumbles After Alzheimer's Study Fails To Meet Goals; Euroseas Shares Rise Loosen the Belts: With Thanksgiving Ahead, Volume Could Be Tepid Benzinga's Volume Movers Stocks Hitting 52-Week Highs View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on AMZN Trending Recent 1 RXII, HMNY: 18 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 SIG, BECN: 12 Stocks You Should Be Watching Today 3 URBN, DEPO: 20 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 4 CTSH: Bank Of America Cuts Cognizant's Price Tar... 5 DRYS, LC: LendingClub Has Major Short Squeeze Pot... 6 PANW, CHKP: Palo Alto: This Cybersecurity... 7 AAPL, SCTY: President-Elect Tru... 1 LLY, BIIB: Eli Lilly's Solanezumab Failure: Alzheimer's Treatment Space... 2 PDLI, SKLN: 18 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Wednesday 3 CAL, VEEV: 12 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Wednesday 4 SIG: The Street Not Taking A Shine To Signet Jewelers... 5 SCTY, TSLA: The New Tesla Is Already Up To Great Th... 6 VEEV: Veeva Shares Remain In A Permanent... 7 TWMJF, ACBFF: Chris Christie Calls Ma... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Intel To Develop Autonomous Vehicle Solution To Compete Against Nvidia, Mobileye; CLSA Remains Unimpressed Mid-Afternoon Market Update: DeVry Education Rises Following Q1 Results; Pure Storage Shares Tumble

Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Target Shoppers Aren’t ‘Cautious,’ They’re Shopping At Walmart Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Target Shoppers Aren’t ‘Cautious,’ They’re Shopping At Walmart Image courtesy of Patrick August 19, 2016 12:46 pm EST By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup off target walmart nervous consumers consumer sentiment shoppers gonna shop This week, both Target and Walmart released their quarterly financial results. Based on the results and executives’ comments on those reults, it’s almost like they’re from two different quarters or years entirely, or at least not from two discount stores that are generally close competitors. Maybe it’s not that shoppers are clutching their wallets or spending on home renovations instead of everyday home goods, a Target speculated. Maybe Target’s shoppers are just heading to Walmart more often. The keen business minds over at Bloomberg noticed this trend and compared the stores’ narratives and performance. While Target’s stores are generally full of more affluent shoppers, the chains are still similar enough that it makes sense to compare them. When sharing its results, Target CEO Brian Cornell blamed lower sales on consumers in general being “cautious” and spending their money on home renovations and things that are definitely not groceries at Target. Walmart’s growth in sales and total transactions shows that consumers are doing just fine — or perhaps they’re seeking cheaper prices and a wider variety of groceries at the strip mall across the street rather than going to Target. Walmart also notes that low gas prices are helping, since it leaves more money in shoppers’ wallets. (The company does sell some gasoline at its Sam’s Club warehouse stores, but discounted gas for members is more of an inducement to shop at the store and not something that the chain is looking to make money from.) Walmart doesn’t just have 100% more monkeys rampaging in its parking lots. In the company’s quarterly earnings call, executives shared that sales are up, customer satisfaction scores are up, and shoppers are shopping. “The latest retail sales data show that consumers are somewhat cautious at the turn to the second half of the year, but they are not pulling back sharply,” an economist at Bloomberg Intelligence observed. Maybe the leaders of both companies are right: for American consumer as a whole, being “somewhat cautious” means shopping at Walmart instead of Target, rather than cutting back on their spending entirely? Wal-Mart Outlook Rebuts Target’s View of Jittery U.S. Shopper [Bloomberg] August 19, 2016 By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup off target walmart nervous consumers consumer sentiment shoppers gonna shop Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related it's pronounced groce-ray Two Reasons Target Is Having Trouble Selling Groceries off target Head Of Target’s Grocery Business Steps Down Amid Lackluster Results on target Target Will Price-Match 29 Competitors’ Websites being specific...kind of Target To Test Program That Gives More Specific Delivery Window For Online Orders Supermarket Takedown Consumers Turning To One-Stop-Shop Stores Rather Than Traditional Grocery Stores Previous SEC Fines California Health Insurer $340,000 For Breaking Whistleblower Protection Laws Next New Cluster Of Zika Cases Linked To Local Mosquitoes Reported In Miami Beach Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: New Cluster Of Zika Cases Linked To Local Mosquitoes Reported In Miami Beach Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate My Portfolios Resources Finance Collective Wal-Mart, Target face uncertain futures Before you go, we thought you'd like these... READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Share Daniel B. Kline Aug 19th 2016 1:16PM Target (NYSE: TGT) and Wal-Mart (NYSE: WMT) face significant challenges as American and global consumers change how they shop. Having physical stores in convenient locations has kept both companies relevant, but it has become increasingly clear that what worked in the past will not be enough to guarantee future success. Shoppers simply have different expectations, creating what Target called "a difficult retail environment" in its Q2 earnings release, and both companies have struggled to adapt to different degrees. In a world that has quickly gone digital -- where Amazon.com (NASDAQ: AMZN) has continually refined and improved its delivery options -- neither Wal-Mart nor Target has quite come up with an answer to the online leader. Efforts to mix technology into physical stores with ideas like curbside pickup, order online/pick up in store, and enabling apps to help with in-store shopping are bandages that do not close the wound. Target and Wal-Mart are tackling these problems from somewhat different places, but comments and moves made by each one show they understand that it's a changing retail world where what worked in the past may not carry the future. RELATED: 7 items you should ways buy at Target 8 PHOTOS 7 items you should always buy at Target See Gallery 7 items you should always buy at Target 1. Toys Photo credit: Getty 2. Kids' Bedding Photo credit: Getty 3. Video Games Photo credit: Getty 4. Makeup and Cosmetics Photo credit: Getty 5. Picture frames Photo credit: Getty 6. Household essentials Photo credit: Getty 7. Groceries Photo credit: Getty Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE SHOW CAPTION + HIDE CAPTION – How did Target do? Target, which reported results on Aug. 17, had a fairly bleak second quarter, with a comparable-sales decrease of 1.1% (its first drop since Q1 2015) and GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations of $1.07, a decrease of 11.6% from Q2 2015. If you adjust for $161 million of pre-tax early debt retirement losses, the numbers look a little better, coming in at EPS of $1.23, an increase of 0.5% over the same period last year. That's better, but the company's adjusted increase comes from careful spending controls, not increased sales, and the chain has adjusted its expected comparable-sales growth for the final two quarters of the year to between flat and a loss of 2%. Q2 sales actually dropped by 7.2% and fewer people visited its stores. On the positive side, comparable digital channel sales grew 16% and contributed 0.5 percentage points to comparable-sales growth. CEO Brian Cornell acknowledged "challenges" in his remarks in the earnings release while promising a turnaround eventually, just maybe not soon. "Looking ahead, we remain focused on our enterprise priorities as we continue to see the benefits of investing in Signature Categories, store experience, new flex-format stores and digital capabilities," he said. "Although we are planning for a challenging environment in the back half of the year, we believe we have the right strategy to restore traffic and sales growth over time." Wal-Mart bought Jet.com in the U.S. and sold its Chinese online business for a stake in JD.com in China. Image source: Wal-Mart. Wal-Mart has better news Wal-Mart has done a better job than its rival in managing its near-term affairs. On Aug. 17, The company reported Q2 2017 revenue of $120.9 billion, an increase of 0.5% (or 2.8% on a constant-currency level). U.S. stores saw positive comparative sales for the eighth straight quarter, rising 1.6%, which the company said was driven by its seventh straight quarter of increased traffic to its stores. Global sales were up 2.2% when you exclude currency impact. On a worldwide constant-currency basis, e-commerce sales and gross merchandise volume increased 11.8% and 13%, respectively, representing an acceleration from the first quarter. That's good news, certainly a better result than what Target delivered, but Wal-Mart still faces the same long-term problem as its rival: Amazon. Wal-Mart clearly understands that because it just spent $3.3 billion to buy e-commerce company Jet.com, a money-losing company with $1 billion in net sales, and placed its CEO, Marc Lore, in charge of its entire digital operation. The retailer also changed its digital strategy in China, selling its Yihaodian website to JD.com, the country's No. 2 online retailer. In exchange, Wal-Mart gets a 5% stake in JD.com, valued at roughly $1.5 billion at recent prices, and access to JD.com's delivery network and shoppers, The Wall Street Journal reported. An attempt to catch up For a long time, Wal-Mart and Target had an edge over Amazon simply because they had a network of stores. However, by building up its Prime membership, which offers free two-day shipping, and increasing its shipping capacity and options (including Sunday delivery), the online retailer has made that edge less relevant. If more customers go online, Wal-Mart and Target could be left behind. Wal-Mart had $14 billion in online sales in 2015, while Amazon's sales (which include its web services business) reached $107 billion, according to The Wall Street Journal. In FY 2016, only 3.4% of Target's $72 billion in sales were from digital operations, slightly higher than Wal-Mart's 3%. Even though Wal-Mart stands as No. 2 to Amazon in U.S. e-commerce sales, that's like saying that the Canadian Football League is the second-best professional football league in the world behind the NFL. It's true in a technical sense, but the distance between the two is so great, it's hard to imagine Wal-Mart ever catching up, and Target barely registers as a competitor. In May, Fortune cited eMarketer data showing that Wal-Mart notched $12.5 billion in online sales in the last year in the U.S. while Amazon pulled in $82.8 billion. Wal-Mart has done a better job than Target in meeting the challenge so far, but shopping in stores has become a less necessary activity that will only become less relevant as time goes on. Both companies either need to find a way to make people buck the trend impacting nearly all physical retailers or do more online business. Both have shown that's possible as digital sales are at least trending up, but long-term relevancy, maybe even survival, requires a lot more work. A secret billion-dollar stock opportunity The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here. More from Motley Fool: 3 Stocks with Better Dividends Than Procter & Gamble Co. Sam's Club Wants Customers to Skip the Line Hostess is Bringing Fried Twinkies to Your Freezer Tags Amazon AMZN Target TGT Walmart WMT Read Full Story Want more news like this? Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from business news to personal finance tips delivered directly to your inbox daily! Subscribe to our other newsletters Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time. Find your dream job jobs by From Our Partners Congress Gives Homeowners Who Owe Less Than $300-625K a Once-in-a-Lifetime Mortgage Bailout LowerMyBills The Latest from our Partners 1 - 6 of 15 A jaw-dropping 21-month 0% intro APR credit card 8 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 Top 7 credit cards for those with excellent credit Mortgage rates hit 2.75% APR (15 yr fixed). Are you eligible? Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits Reverse mortgages: Too good to be true? Obama urges homeowners to switch to 15 yr fixed If you owe less than $300k, use Obama's once-in-a-lifetime mortgage relief program Why aren't homeowners 62+ taking advantage of a Reverse Mortgage? One-stop approach to retirement investing Earn 10x the national average in your savings account CD Accounts can earn you up to 2% APY 30 U.S. Cities Where You Can Buy Affordable Homes Under $250k 12 Jobs That Prove the Early Bird Gets the Worm Return Policy: The Stores With the Best (and Worst) Refund Rules Has Trump Already Developed Amnesia About 'Forgotten Man and Woman' Investors? The Cost of Child Care in Every State 25 Ridiculously Weird Items Sold Through Amazon Recommended For You Facebook may be experimenting with software that censors posts These are the 10 highest-paying jobs in the US Amazon faces holiday shipping disaster as pilots go on strike Donald Trump's Foundation admits to 'self-dealing' in IRS filing: Report Heinz recalls gravy just days before Thanksgiving 8 things you shouldn't buy on Black Friday 5 things you should do to get ready for our new president Google helps determine the best time to travel for Thanksgiving Markets USGlobalsCurrencies S&P 5002,201.83-1.11-0.05% DJIA19,066.2642.390.22% NASDAQ5,368.75-17.60-0.33% DAX10,662.44-51.41-0.48% HANG SENG22,676.69-1.38-0.01% NIKKEI 22518,162.9456.920.31% USD (per EUR)1.06-0.01-0.68% USD (per CHF)1.020.010.58% JPY (per USD)112.461.461.31% GBP (per USD)1.250.000.32% All index data provided on a 15 minute delay. More to Explore From Our Partners Potential Treasury pick faces tough questionsCNNMoney Cuban MLB players 'kidnapped' at gunpointCNNMoney Brexit slashes U.K. household wealth by $1.5 trillionCNNMoney Ghostly pics of a dead mall tell an American storyCNNMoney Sanctuary cities risk billions in defiance of TrumpCNNMoney Entrepreneurs: Don't take away our ObamacareCNNMoney Trump will remake agency that ruled against Vegas hotelCNNMoney Trump 'came after me like a dog with a bone'CNNMoneyBy PubExchange Wed, Nov 23 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Sports Games Video Shop Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile © 2016  AOL Inc.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Wal-Mart Shares Could Grind Higher If This Happens Manikandan Raman , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} August 19, 2016 1:15pm   Comments Share: Related WMT Watch Stocks In Vogue Earnings Season Winds Down: Dollar Stores Prepare To Face Off Bloomberg reports aloe vera gel scam (Seeking Alpha) Baird has maintained its Outperform rating and $80 target price on Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) as it is encouraged by early signs of progress, thus adding to the defensive appeal of shares amid the tough retail environment. "[I]nvestments in employees/wages, customer service, merchandising, and digital/omni-channel capabilities appear to be striking a tone with consumers. While absolute valuation metrics appear stretched, relative reads are more in line with historical trends, so we believe shares can grind higher if these positive trends continue," analyst Peter Benedict wrote in a note. The retail giant's quarterly adjusted EPS of $1.07 beat expectations of $1.02 on stronger U.S. comps and a lower tax rate. Comps of +1.6 percent exceeded 1 percent plan, with traffic (+1.2 percent) the key driver. Related Link: This Wal-Mart Analyst Will Be Looking For Continued Capital Discipline Looking ahead, third quarter comps are seen growing 1–1.5 percent, a solid outlook given the struggles across many parts of retail. Further, the acquisition of Jet.com is expected to add additional upside. The company also raised its FY16 EPS guidance to $4.15–$4.35 (vs. prior $4.00–$4.30). Baird's FY16/FY17 EPS view go up by $0.05 to $4.30/$4.50 to reflect better core trends partially offset by assumed operating losses at Jet.com. At the time of writing, shares of Wal-Mart were down 1.64 percent at $73.08. Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Latest Ratings for WMT Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 PiperJaffray Initiates Coverage On Neutral Oct 2016 Deutsche Bank Maintains Hold Sep 2016 Guggenheim Initiates Coverage on Buy View More Analyst Ratings for WMT View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Earnings Long Ideas News Guidance Price Target Reiteration Analyst Ratings Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (WMT) Watch Stocks In Vogue Earnings Season Winds Down: Dollar Stores Prepare To Face Off Wal-Mart Remains Barclays' Top Pick Despite Mixed Results Wal-Mart's Soft Q4 Guidance Doesn't Rock Baird Analyst's Positive View 5 Good Things And 4 Bad From Wal-Mart's Earnings Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Children's Place Rises On Strong Q3 Results; DryShips Shares Tumble View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on WMT Trending Recent 1 SYMC, ACOR: 15 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 DRYS, HRL: 18 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 3 SINA, HRL: 12 Stocks You Should Be Watching Today 4 GWPH: What To Expect From GW Pharma's Upcoming Ro... 5 LC, DRYS: LendingClub Has Major Short Squeeze Potential 6 FEYE, CUDA: Palo Alto: This Cybersecurity... 7 FSLR, AAPL: President-Elect Trum... 1 ACHN, CSIQ: 10 Stocks With Lowest Close In Three Weeks 2 IEP, AMZN: 10 Stocks That Rallied Three Days On Increasing Volume 3 Economic Data Scheduled For Wednesday 4 CTRP, URBN: 7 Stocks To Watch For November 23, 2016 5 CTRP, GZT: Earnings Scheduled For November 23, 2016 6 AEO, TITN: Watch These 5 Huge Put Purchases... 7 AMTD, WLL: Watch These 7 Huge Call... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products 10 Stocks Analysts Were Most Interested In During The Rio Olympics Technical Alert: Applied Materials Approaches $30 For The First Time Since October 2000 After Q2 Beat
null
YOURERIE 42° Erie Few Clouds Sponsored By YOURERIE 42° Erie Few Clouds Sections News Weather Sections News Local News National News whYErie? On Our Air Made In AmERIca! Newsmakers Pay It Forward Video-Center Business News Entertainment News Flight Tracker Politics Weird News Ag News Weather Weather Pinpoint Doppler Lake Forecast SkyCam Weather Alerts Picture Perfect Weather Closings And Delays Map Center 7 Day Forecast Interactive Radar Forecast Pollen Almanac Ski Report Sports Local Sports Sports Play of the Night Athlete of the Week BayHawks SeaWolves Otters Friday Night Lights NFL NBA MLB NHL NCAA Golf Auto Racing The Mike Tomlin Show Outdoor Sports Nittany Nation Pittsburgh Steelers Graham Bensinger Cleveland Browns Sports Guide Locations Community Your Events See It, Shoot It, Send It Cards for Troops Contests Life Works Flu Shot Movies Get Connected & Volunteer NoTXTNWPA Games Erie Alternative Health Obituaries Lifestyle Your Wellness Network Digital Life Health News Lottery Movies About Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contact Us Stay Connected Advertise With Us Work for Us JET 50th Anniversary Closed Captioning Alerts Marketplace Ask the Professionals Business Directory Autos Coupons & Deals Free Classifieds 2017 YourErie.com Golf Pass YourErie 2Go Kings and Wings Labatt Blue Starter Pass Thrifty Thursday News Weather Community Business Directory Video Center Contests TV Schedule Don't Miss Site Relevance Date Search Site Relevance Date Search News Local News National News whYErie? On Our Air Made In AmERIca! Newsmakers Pay It Forward Video-Center Business News Entertainment News Flight Tracker Politics Weird News Ag News Weather Weather Pinpoint Doppler Lake Forecast SkyCam Weather Alerts Picture Perfect Weather Closings And Delays Map Center 7 Day Forecast Interactive Radar Forecast Pollen Almanac Ski Report Sports Local Sports Sports Play of the Night Athlete of the Week BayHawks SeaWolves Otters Friday Night Lights NFL NBA MLB NHL NCAA Golf Auto Racing The Mike Tomlin Show Outdoor Sports Nittany Nation Pittsburgh Steelers Graham Bensinger Cleveland Browns Sports Guide Locations Community Your Events See It, Shoot It, Send It Cards for Troops Contests Life Works Flu Shot Movies Get Connected & Volunteer NoTXTNWPA Games Erie Alternative Health Obituaries Lifestyle Your Wellness Network Digital Life Health News Lottery Movies About Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contact Us Stay Connected Advertise With Us Work for Us JET 50th Anniversary Closed Captioning Alerts Marketplace Ask the Professionals Business Directory Autos Coupons & Deals Free Classifieds 2017 YourErie.com Golf Pass YourErie 2Go Kings and Wings Labatt Blue Starter Pass Thrifty Thursday Man loses 300 pounds walking to Walmart every day Pat Brocco wants to be role model for son Published 08/19 2016 12:08PM Updated 08/19 2016 12:08PM Copyright 2016 Cable News Network/Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Pasquale "Pat" Brocco dropped more than half of his body weight by walking to Walmart when he needed a meal, according to ABC News. The Arizona man threw out all of his food and committed to walking to his local Walmart located 1 mile from his home, three times a day. In less than two years, Brocco said he lost 200 pounds. "You walk to Walmart three times a day, and you end up walking 6 miles," he said. "It's amazing because I never walked 6 miles in my life, and I was doing it every day." The inspiration for change came when his doctor told him that at 605 pounds, his life was in serious danger. He went home that day and took a photo of himself in the mirror. "I was disgusted," he said. Now Brocco incorporates healthy foods like vegetables and grains, took out foods that he knew were sabotaging his weight-loss efforts, and works out at a gym. He says he hopes his weight-loss journey will now set an example and be a role model for his 1-year-old son. These are Pat's pre- and post-weight-loss diets: Before weight loss (about 11,200 calories per day): Box of cereal 1/2 gallon whole milk 1 package peanut butter cups 1 candy bar 12-inch meatball and cheese submarine sandwich 100 fast food chicken nuggets 1 fast food apple pie 1 fast food milkshake 2 liters soda 4 doughnuts After weight loss (about 2,250 calories per day): 2 gallons water About 20 egg whites 1 cup oatmeal 24 ounces chicken breast Green beans 6 ounces ground lean bison 32 almonds 1/2 sweet potato embed Copyright 2016 Cable News Network/Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. More Stories Michigan cop on life support after he was shot in the head Man survives being hit by car, falling 50 feet into freezing water Park demolishing world's tallest water slide Don't Miss YourErie.com Golf Pass Bianchi Honda SkyCam Contests Ask the Professionals Your Wellness Network Connect with YourErie Community Calendar Latest News Local National Local National Taki's restaurant to close its doors 'Santa's helpers' create handmade toys for local families No injuries reported in Erie apartment fire Erie teen sentenced for firing gun at police officer Man taken for evaluation following standoff Michigan cop on life support after he was shot in the head Man survives being hit by car, falling 50 feet into freezing water Park demolishing world's tallest water slide Gravy recall issued days before Thanksgiving Shaggy dog's haircut goes viral Video Center Local News Local News Santa's helpers help local kids Erie County Farms forced to close Taki's to close its doors YourErie on Facebook YourErie on Twitter Jet PinPoint Weather on Facebook YourErie2Go iPhone App YourErie2Go Android App Up Next Michigan cop on life support after he was shot in the head Meet the Team Download Apps Alerts TV Schedule Nexstar Broadcasting Group Inc. © 1998 - YourErie.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads EEO Report WJET FCC Public File WFXP FCC Public File Nexstar CC Certification
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Walmart doubles down on digital for future growth BI Intelligence Aug. 19, 2016, 12:27 PM 1,144 facebook linkedin twitter email print BII See Also Amazon opens Prime shipping to all merchants Digital is mitigating in-store losses at Target Google's latest acquisition should boost Google Shopping This story was delivered to BI Intelligence "E-Commerce Briefing" subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. Walmart's Q2 2016 earnings revealed positive growth in the company's total U.S. sales. This growth was driven largely by its e-commerce business and investment in digital tools. The company's international revenue declined year-over-year (YoY) during Q2, but we expect better comparisons going forward, due to enhancements being made to Walmart's e-commerce sites and a key partnership with China-based e-tailer JD.com. As a whole, Walmart's business continues to thrive: Total revenue reached nearly $121 billion during Q2 2016, marking 0.5% YoY growth. Revenue from Walmart US alone totaled over $76 billion, growing 3% YoY. However, Walmart International revenue fell over 6% YoY, totaling $28 billion. The company's results were strongest in e-commerce: Global online sales on Walmart's e-commerce sites grew nearly 12% YoY. Walmart's online gross merchandise volume (GMV) grew 13% YoY. Walmart's strong digital performance was driven by a few key developments during Q2. Walmart focused on its grocery e-commerce business last quarter, with efforts aimed at building digital relationships with customers, scaling the assortment, and expanding online grocery, CEO Doug McMillan pointed out during the earnings call. Walmart also expanded its grocery click and collect service to 30 new markets. The pickup service is now available in 60 US markets at nearly 400 locations. In addition to grocery, Walmart's third-party marketplace continues to grow. Since the beginning of the year, the company has added nearly 7 million new items available for purchase to its marketplace. Walmart's third-party marketplace is vital to expanding its product offerings as it competes against major players like Amazon and eBay. Walmart's acquisition of Jet.com will help propel the company's digital growth even further. In the biggest e-commerce acquisition yet, Walmart acquired the two-year-old startup for $3 billion. Walmart will leverage Jet.com's existing business to help grow its online sales and customer base. Specifically, the company is focusing on customer engagement through Jet.com's technology that gives customers savings in real time based on the items in their shopping cart. This encourages shoppers to purchase multiple items at once rather than one at a time. "When customers build a basket of goods online rather than ordering one item at a time, shipping economics are in their favor and ours," noted McMillan. This will help steer customers toward larger purchases, while helping Walmart cut back on shipping costs associated with a higher volume of individual orders. A key partnership with JD.com will also help Walmart's e-commerce business, as well as its international performance. Walmart and Sam's Club will both be listed on JD.com as preferred retailers with items available for purchase through the China-based e-commerce site. This will help expand Walmart's presence in China significantly and could help grow its international revenue down the line. The partnership could also help drive shoppers to Walmart's physical store locations in China. CFO Brett Biggs specifically noted that this partnership will "better serve consumers through a powerful combination of e-commerce and retail." Leveraging JD.com's 188 million customers in China will likely raise visibility for Walmart as a go-to retailer in the country. To receive stories like this one directly to your inbox every morning, sign up for the E-Commerce Briefing newsletter.Click here to learn more about how you can gain risk-free access today. More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing E-Commerce Walmart facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Walmart doubles down on digital for future growth Walmart doubles down on digital for future growth This story was delivered to BI Intelligence... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
News ‘It’s troubling’: Alleged ‘pay-to-play’ Clinton donor also contributed to Trump Foundation Proposed Texas law would make targeting police officers a hate crime Watch: Megyn Kelly points out the hypocrisy of liberals praising the 'Hamilton' cast Politico editor resigns after publishing addresses, threatening alt-right leader on social media Channels Glenn Beck Dana Loesch Tomi Lahren Pat and Stu MyVoice Radio TV Login Join 0 www.theblaze.com Man Loses Over 300 Pounds Walking to Walmart and Back Every Time He Wanted a Meal Kate Scanlon August 19, 2016 12:35 pm 92 Follow Share Tweet An Arizona man says he lost more than 300 pounds by walking back and forth to his local Walmart each time he wanted a meal, according to ABC News. Image source: YouTube Pasquale “Pat” Brocco, 31, said he made a commitment to change his lifestyle three years ago when his doctor cautioned him that his weight of 605 pounds — in addition to his high blood pressure and high cholesterol — jeopardized his life. Brocco told ABC News that he went home from that appointment and looked at himself in the mirror. “My stomach was down to my thighs. My chest was hanging down here,” he said. “I was disgusted.” Image source: YouTube He decided that each time he wanted to eat, he would walk the 1 mile to Walmart and then back home to eat. He lost 200 pounds in under two years. “You walk to Walmart three times a day, and you end up walking 6 miles,” he said. “It’s amazing because I never walked 6 miles in my life, and I was doing it every day.” Brocco also significantly changed his diet, cutting his daily calorie intake from about 11,200 calories per day to about about 2,250 calories per day. He incorporataed more vegetables and lean meats into his diet. “Once I figured out dairy was my downfall, I took it out of my diet, and instantly I started losing weight again,” he said. Once he began to lose weight, he began going to the gym. “I mean, at 600 pounds, I couldn’t even go to the gym,” Brocco said. “I didn’t fit on the machines.” He said his friends have stopped calling him “Fat Pat” in favor of “Possible Pat.” He hopes his 1-year-old son learns from his example. Image source: YouTube “I’m setting an example for my son so he can be ‘Possible Pat’ too,” Brocco said. Brocco lost so much weight that he recently had to have 30 pounds of excess skin removed by a plastic surgeon. — Follow the author of this story on Twitter and Facebook: Follow @kgscanlon Share Tweet Rate this story Recommended from the Web 92 Comments Get TheBlaze Newsletters Sign Up Refer Friends, Earn Rewards! Menu × Radio TV Company Help Jobs Advertise Content Partners Tips Company Help Jobs Advertise Content Partners Get TheBlaze Newsletters Sign Up Refer Friends, Earn Rewards! © 2016 TheBlaze, Inc. Your use of or registration on this site constitutes your acceptance of our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy × Menu News Channels MyVoice Radio TV Logout Following Saved Content Help Invite Friends Contact Jobs Advertise Content Partners Terms Privacy × × Get TheBlaze Newsletters Sign Up Refer Friends, Earn Rewards! × × Community Rules Speak your mind. Please be respectful of our rules and community. Asking people to upvote you or your post are not allowed. No spam, abuse, obscenities, off-topic comments, racial or ethnic slurs, threats, hate, comments that incite violence or excessive use of flagging permitted. Please be respectful of our community and spread some love. Any of the following may result in a permanent ban: Spam Abusive Obscene language Obscene photos Off-topic comments Racial or ethnic slurs Threats of any kind Hate messages Excessive use or the flagging (report as spam) feature Asking people to upvote your comments or posts For more information, please see our Terms of Use. Now, go have fun and speak your mind!   × × ×
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Supermarket News Search: Buy SN Research Digital Edition About Contact Advertise Subscribe RSS Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close News Retail & Financial Online Retail Executive Changes Laws & Regulations Marketing Recommended Reading Store Design & Construction Issues & Trends The New Consumer Food Safety Health & Wellness Sustainability Organic & Natural Top Retailers Walmart Kroger Publix Ahold Delhaize Product Categories Bakery Beverage Center Store Dairy Deli Prepared Foods Meat Multicultural Nonfood & Pharmacy Private Label Produce & Floral Seafood Rankings & Research Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents Top 25 Global Retailers Disruptors 2015 SN Awards SN Research Upcoming Events White Papers & Studies Advertisement Home > News > Retailers launch Louisiana flood relief Retailers launch Louisiana flood relief Aug 19, 2016 EMAIL Tweet Comments 1 Advertisement Local grocers Rouses and Southeastern Grocers have announced support for customers and associates impacted by devastating flooding in Louisiana, while Walmart and Target have pledged donations to local relief efforts. All Rouses locations are accepting cash donations and donations of non-perishable food and cleaning supplies for Second Harvest and the Greater Baton Rouge Food Bank, the retailer announced. Customers can also donate online. Immediately after the storm, Rouses urged associates at the Denham Springs store, located in an area that was particularly hard hit, to contact store directors at a neighboring location to make sure all employees were accounted for. Rouses also posted a video to YouTube showing managing partner Donny Rouse assessing the damage at the Denham Springs store, with a promise to rebuild. Southeastern Grocers launched a weeklong donation-matching program through the Southeastern Grocers Foundation on Aug. 17. The retailer plans to match every dollar donated at any Winn-Dixie, Bi-Lo and Harveys store. “Winn-Dixie has been a part of the Louisiana community for 60 years. During that time, the strength and resilience of the community has been tried time and time again, and we are proud to have the people of Louisiana as our customers, our associates, and our neighbors, as their bravery and perseverance has been an inspiration as we begin our recovery efforts,” Southeastern president and CEO Ian McLeod said in a press release. “We are encouraging all our customers across the Southeast to rise up and support the great states and communities of Louisiana and Mississippi. We will continue to work tirelessly on the ground and with the American Red Cross to direct all available resources to help the people affected by the flooding.” Meanwhile, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation announced they would donate $500,000 in cash and in-kind donations, including truck loads of water sent to impacted areas. “We are deeply saddened by the devastating floods in Louisiana and the catastrophic effect it’s having on our associates and members of the community,” Mark Cooper, senior director of emergency management, Walmart, said in press release. “We are fully committed to the relief efforts and will continue to work closely with local officials to do everything we can.” Similarly, Target will donate $100,000 each to the Salvation Army and American Red Cross, as well as $30,000 to local schools. The retailer donated more than $100,000 of food to local food banks. It has partnered with local non-profits to distribute $20,000 in Target GiftCards for the purchase of supplies during recovery efforts. Target also plans to match donations to the American Red Cross from associates, up to $50,000. The retailer said its store teams in the affected area have been volunteering their time to contribute to relief efforts. “Communities where we have a presence don’t just represent a store to Target; these communities are home to many of our team members and countless valued guests,” said Laysha Ward, chief corporate social responsibility officer, Target. “We’re extremely proud of our team members’ efforts, not only as volunteers, but also in making sure our stores closest to the disaster areas are ready with needed supplies. We're honored to work with incredible partners like The American Red Cross and Salvation Army to provide relief and comfort during the response and recovery.” Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 1 Anonymoua (not verified) on Aug 22, 2016 They need to build anything in that area higher off the ground (sort of a fake unused basement type area which has good drainage and ventilation but no access for swatters human or animal to move in) Like every one of the houses on Jersey shore have done, build above the flood line. reply Log In or Register to post comments Post new comment Name: Sign In or register to use your Supermarket News ID Email: Your comment: * Advertisement Related Articles Wal-Mart Makes $600,000 Grant for Mexican Flood Relief   Sprouts Offers Colo. Flood Relief COUPONS FLOOD THE MARKET; WAL-MART REDEMPTION SOARS   Wal-Mart to Assist With Midwest Flood Recovery   Wal-Mart Donates $100,000 to Kansas Tornado Relief   Latest News All hands on deck for Smart & Final holiday push Harps CEO Collins resigns, Eskew promoted Dollar Tree beats estimates in 3Q Self-checkout app adds convenience at California Fresh Market  C&K Market closing 2 stores, selling headquarters  more Advertisement Top Retailers Walmart Kroger Albertsons Publix Ahold USA Delhaize America Editor's Choice New value concept sweeps Harveys overnight    Reimagining Center Store    Wegmans, Price Chopper see benefits in full-service restaurants    Value-added and natural offerings drive pork sales    Retailers play up citrus    Advertisement Connect With Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube LinkedIn RSS iPhone Featured Products SN Top 75 List 2016 PDF BRAND NEW - Download the 2016 SN Top 75 list. SN Fresh Foods Survey 2016 BRAND NEW - Download the 2016 SN Fresh Foods Survey. SN Center Store Survey 2016 BRAND NEW - Download the 2016 SN Center Store Survey. View CatalogView Shopping Cart Advertisement Navigate SupermarketNews.com News Top Retailers Product Categories Rankings & Research Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Contact Newsletters View Mobile Site Penton Magazine Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube LinkedIn RSS iPhone Search SupermarketNews.com Search: Supermarket News Penton Media Food Group and Related Sites NewHope360 MeetingsNet Nation's Restaurant News Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
null
null
  close wbur Here & Now About Meet The Staff Ways To Listen Full Broadcasts Archive Facebook Twitter Play Listen Live Explore Audio Schedule Programs + Sections Search Support Events About WBUR Contact Us On Point Here & Now Radio Boston Only A Game Modern Love CommonHealth Cognoscenti The ARTery Live: Here & NowPlay 15sRepeatPlay15sForward /00:00Playing Live Close Here & Now Value this story? Donate wbur Here & Now Donate Search Menu Support the news   Online Retail's Having A Good Year. So Is Cardboard.05:40 Play August 19, 2016 Share closemore Empty boxes are stacked in the packaging department at an Amazon Fulfillment Center in England on Nov. 28, 2013. (Andrew Yates/AFP/Getty Images) Walmart announced Thursday that its e-commerce business jumped nearly 12 percent in its latest quarter, a good sign just 10 days after it announced plans to buy online retailer Jet.com for $3.3 billion. Last year, Americans spent about $350 billion online, with Walmart's rival Amazon leading the pack. And as e-commerce increases, so does shipping and packaging. Specifically, cardboard. Here & Now's Peter O'Dowd speaks with Bob Gedert of the National Recycling Coalition about what the boom in online retail means for cardboard recycling. Guest Bob Gedert, president of the National Recycling Coalition and director of Austin Resource Recovery in Austin, Texas. Related: Department Stores Face Challenge From The Resale Market, Luxury And Otherwise Wal-Mart Offers Free Shipping Ahead Of Amazon Prime Day Houston Drops Glass Recycling Pickup +Join the discussion Share View comment(s) Support the news   Next Up Where to now? More Here & Now or Explore Audio. Support WBUR Donate Your Car Make A Donation Become A Member Programming Ways To Listen On-Air Schedule Download Our App Community Upcoming Events Volunteer Newsletters About WBUR Contact Us Meet The Staff Jobs & Internships © Copyright WBUR 2016 Connect with WBUR
null
null
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Wal-Mart, Target Face Uncertain Futures The two retail giants have struggled to compete with Amazon. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Aug 19, 2016 at 10:26AM Target (NYSE:TGT) and Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) face significant challenges as American and global consumers change how they shop. Having physical stores in convenient locations has kept both companies relevant, but it has become increasingly clear that what worked in the past will not be enough to guarantee future success. Shoppers simply have different expectations, creating what Target called "a difficult retail environment" in its Q2 earnings release, and both companies have struggled to adapt to different degrees.  In a world that has quickly gone digital -- where Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) has continually refined and improved its delivery options -- neither Wal-Mart nor Target has quite come up with an answer to the online leader. Efforts to mix technology into physical stores with ideas like curbside pickup, order online/pick up in store, and enabling apps to help with in-store shopping are bandages that do not close the wound. Target and Wal-Mart are tackling these problems from somewhat different places, but comments and moves made by each one show they understand that it's a changing retail world where what worked in the past may not carry the future. How did Target do?  Target, which reported results on Aug. 17, had a fairly bleak second quarter, with a comparable-sales decrease of 1.1% (its first drop since Q1 2015) and GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations of $1.07, a decrease of 11.6% from Q2 2015. If you adjust for $161 million of pre-tax early debt retirement losses, the numbers look a little better, coming in at EPS of $1.23, an increase of 0.5% over the same period last year. That's better, but the company's adjusted increase comes from careful spending controls, not increased sales, and the chain has adjusted its expected comparable-sales growth for the final two quarters of the year to between flat and a loss of 2%. Q2 sales actually dropped by 7.2% and fewer people visited its stores. On the positive side, comparable digital channel sales grew 16% and contributed 0.5 percentage points to comparable-sales growth.  CEO Brian Cornell acknowledged "challenges" in his remarks in the earnings release while promising a turnaround eventually, just maybe not soon. "Looking ahead, we remain focused on our enterprise priorities as we continue to see the benefits of investing in Signature Categories, store experience, new flex-format stores and digital capabilities," he said. "Although we are planning for a challenging environment in the back half of the year, we believe we have the right strategy to restore traffic and sales growth over time." Wal-Mart bought Jet.com in the U.S. and sold its Chinese online business for a stake in JD.com in China. Image source: Wal-Mart.  Wal-Mart has better news Wal-Mart has done a better job than its rival in managing its near-term affairs. On Aug. 17, The company reported Q2 2017 revenue of $120.9 billion, an increase of 0.5% (or 2.8% on a constant-currency level). U.S. stores saw positive comparative sales for the eighth straight quarter, rising 1.6%, which the company said was driven by its seventh straight quarter of increased traffic to its stores. Global sales were up 2.2% when you exclude currency impact. On a worldwide constant-currency basis, e-commerce sales and gross merchandise volume increased 11.8% and 13%, respectively, representing an acceleration from the first quarter. That's good news, certainly a better result than what Target delivered, but Wal-Mart still faces the same long-term problem as its rival: Amazon. Wal-Mart clearly understands that because it just spent $3.3 billion to buy e-commerce company Jet.com, a money-losing company with $1 billion in net sales, and placed its CEO, Marc Lore, in charge of its entire digital operation. The retailer also changed its digital strategy in China, selling its Yihaodian website to JD.com, the country's No. 2 online retailer. In exchange, Wal-Mart gets a 5% stake in JD.com, valued at roughly $1.5 billion at recent prices, and access to JD.com's delivery network and shoppers, The Wall Street Journal reported. An attempt to catch up For a long time, Wal-Mart and Target had an edge over Amazon simply because they had a network of stores. However, by building up its Prime membership, which offers free two-day shipping, and increasing its shipping capacity and options (including Sunday delivery), the online retailer has made that edge less relevant. If more customers go online, Wal-Mart and Target could be left behind. Wal-Mart had $14 billion in online sales in 2015, while Amazon's sales (which include its web services business) reached $107 billion, according to The Wall Street Journal. In FY 2016, only 3.4% of Target's $72 billion in sales were from digital operations, slightly higher than Wal-Mart's 3%. Even though Wal-Mart stands as No. 2 to Amazon in U.S. e-commerce sales, that's like saying that the Canadian Football League is the second-best professional football league in the world behind the NFL. It's true in a technical sense, but the distance between the two is so great, it's hard to imagine Wal-Mart ever catching up, and Target barely registers as a competitor. In May, Fortune cited eMarketer data showing that Wal-Mart notched $12.5 billion in online sales in the last year in the U.S. while Amazon pulled in $82.8 billion. Wal-Mart has done a better job than Target in meeting the challenge so far, but shopping in stores has become a less necessary activity that will only become less relevant as time goes on. Both companies either need to find a way to make people buck the trend impacting nearly all physical retailers or do more online business.  Both have shown that's possible as digital sales are at least trending up, but long-term relevancy, maybe even survival, requires a lot more work. Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. He shops at Target a lot, but uses Amazon even more. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info Aug 19, 2016 at 10:26AM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $779.98 down $-5.35 (-0.68%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $70.81 up $0.69 (0.98%) Target NYSE:TGT $78.74 up $0.87 (1.12%) Read More Better Buy: Whole Foods Market, Inc. vs. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Here's Why Most Retailers Should Open on Thanksgiving 2 Stocks that Turned $1,000 Into Millions Is It Time to Buy Wal-Mart and Sell Target? How Wal-Mart Has Changed in the Last Year Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
null
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Election 2016 Tracking Poll Commentary Election 2016 Columnists IBD/TIPP Poll Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Election 2016 Tracking Poll Commentary Election 2016 Columnists IBD/TIPP Poll Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? News Cisco, Home Depot, Wal-Mart, Tencent, Oil Lead Week In Review Cisco Systems topped quarterly forecasts, but it gave weak guidance and set plans to cut up to 5,500 jobs. (iStockphoto) IBD STAFF 8/19/2016 Reprints Stocks continue to grind sideways, while the latest run of retail earnings, including Home Depot (HD) and Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) didn't offer much clarity on consumers. Cisco Systems (CSCO) offered job cuts and a weak outlook. But Chinese internet stocks continue to deliver robust earnings, while oil made a strong advance. Stocks Hold Near Highs The major averages moved sideways, closing little changed. The Nasdaq rose 0.1%, grinding out its eighth straight weekly gain. The S&P 500 fell less than one point and the Dow lost 0.1%. Several Federal Reserve officials made hawkish hints, insisting a September hike was in play. While markets doubt that, the comments did have an effect. Energy stocks were strong as oil prices rallied. Retailers generally rose, led by Wal-Mart and Ross Stores (ROST), though TJX Cos. (TJX) was among the losers. Cisco Systems cut jobs and its outlook. Tencent (TCEHY) led a slew of  top-rated China internet stocks reporting earnings. Oil Prices Top $50 Again Brent crude futures, the international benchmark, rose above $50 a barrel. Meanwhile, U.S. crude prices shot up 9.1% for the week to $48.52 a barrel. Buzz about a new push for an oil production freeze among OPEC and large non-OPEC producers helped lift prices. But Saudi Arabia is raising production to meet domestic demand, and Iran hasn't made a decision on joining the informal freeze talks in September. Meanwhile, U.S. crude stockpiles fell for the first time in four weeks, with gasoline supplies also down. But U.S. production rose. The number of U.S. oil rigs in operation rose for an eighth straight week to a six-month high. Cisco Cuts Jobs, Outlook Cisco Systems said it will slash 5,500 jobs, or 7% of its workforce, as it continues to shift from hardware to software and services. Cisco topped fiscal Q4 views while sales edged higher. But Cisco's current-quarter EPS and revenue targets were below forecasts. Cisco stock on Monday had its highest close since late 2007, but it went on to fall 1.1% for the week. IBD'S TAKE: While Cisco revenue barely rises, fiber-optic component makers are booming amid strong demand from telecoms, internet giants and China. Acacia Communications shares have skyrocketed since their May IPO. Learn what Acacia CEO Raj Shanmugaraj has to say about the so-called fiber optic "super cycle" in a recent IBD interview. Wal-Mart Solid; Target Cuts Target Wal-Mart earned $1.07 a share, a penny below a year earlier but beating views. Revenue increased slightly as U.S. same-store rose again and e-commerce growth picked up. The brick-and-mortar retail giant emphasized digital marketing after buying Jet.com this month for $3.3 billion, as it tries to fend off Amazon (AMZN), Alibaba (BABA) and other online retailers. Rival discounter Target (TGT) beat profit views, but sales fell short as Apple (AAPL) product sales fell 20%. Target cut full-year EPS guidance, citing a "challenging environment" in the back half of the year. Wal-Mart shares hit a 14-month high on Thursday, but closed the week down 1.5%, back below the 50-day line, while Target lost 7.5%. IBD'S TAKE: Investors should focus on the true leaders. While brick and mortar retailers work hard to achieve sluggish growth, Amazon and Alibaba are delivering strong and accelerating revenue gains. For detailed chart analysis of these and a select group of top-rated stocks near buy points, take a free Leaderboard trial. Home Depot Sees Housing 'Tailwind' The home improvement giant reported in-line earnings and sales that just fell short of views. But Home Depot raised its full-year EPS view as it still benefits from a housing "tailwind." Meanwhile, smaller rival Lowe's (LOW) missed on the top and bottom lines. Lowe's same-store sales growth was just half of Home Depot's. Home Depot briefly topped a buy point closed the week off 0.8%. Lowe's tumbled 4.8%. Ross Stores, TJX Ross Stores late Thursday earned 71 cents a share, up 13%, while sales climbed 7% to $3.18 billion. Analysts had expected EPS of 71 cents and sales of $3.18 billion. Same-store sales rose 4%. The off-price apparel chain raised full-year EPS guidance. Meanwhile, off-price peer TJX on Tuesday topped Q2 EPS and sales views, but it gave cautious guidance. Ross Stores rose 3.5% to 65.06 on Friday and 3.1% for the week, becoming extended from a 59.78 buy point cleared last month. TJX is down 4.25% for the week, tumbling through a buy point that it cleared a month ago. Ford Plans Autonomous Vehicle By 2021 Ford Motor (F) said it hopes to have a fully autonomous vehicle in five years, echoing a similar 2021 target from a BMW (BMWYY), Mobileye (MBLY) and Intel (INTC) joint effort. Meanwhile, Uber later this month will offer ride-hailing services using self-driving Volvo SUVs, with a human driver ready at the wheel. It's part of a $300 million Uber-Volvo alliance. China Internet Earnings Strong NetEase (NTES) and Tencent Holdings, China's two largest internet gaming companies, both reported strong quarterly results that soundly beat estimates. Tencent, which is also a leader in mobile messaging, said revenue rose 52% to $5.38 billion, as EPS rose 45% to 17 cents. Tencent revenue growth accelerated to a three-year high. Its U.S. shares rose 8.3%, hitting fresh highs. NetEase reported revenue of $1.47 billion, up 96% in local currency year over year, as EPS rose 91% to $3.67. NetEase stock hit a high early in the week, but it fell Thursday after the results. It rose 1.9% for the week. China is now the world's largest online game market, but NetEase and Tencent have opportunities to expand further. China has the world's largest internet user population, at 686 million, yet the market is still estimated to be only about half penetrated, vs. roughly 90% for the U.S. China online discount retailer Vipshop (VIPS) turned in stronger-than-expected quarterly results. Vipshop revenue rose 49% to $2.02 billion, while EPS rose 30% to 17 cents a share. Shares rose 3%. China's Momo (MOMO), a provider of social networking and dating services, showed a tripling in revenue growth to $99 million, as EPS quadrupled to 12 cents. Momo shares rose 6.9% to 16.04 in volatile action, clearing a 15.39 buy point. In the previous week, Alibaba and JD.com, China's two largest e-commerce retailers, both posted double-digit growth in revenue and earnings that topped estimates. Youth Apparel Chains Strong Some youth-oriented apparel chains reported strong results. Children's Place (PLCE) posted a smaller-than-expected loss and a slim revenue gain. Children's Place also raised its full-year EPS outlook to $4.60-$4.70 from an earlier outlook of $4.17-$4.27. Shares rose 4.4%, hitting a record high. American Eagle Outfitters (AEO) delivered a 35% quarterly EPS jump, while sales' 3% gain edged past views. Same-store sales rose just 3% though. The teen retailer sees Q3 EPS roughly in line with Wall Street targets. American Eagle eked out a 0.5% weekly gain. Urban Outfitters (URBN) reported a stronger-than-expected EPS gain on rising same-store sales. Shares shot up 23% to a 15-month high. Intel Goes Virtual, Partners With ARM Intel (INTC) is throwing down the gauntlet with a "merged reality" headset that eliminates cords and controllers, rivaling efforts by Alphabet (GOOGL) unit Google, Facebook (FB) and HTC. The chipmaker announced the move during the annual Intel Developer Conference in San Francisco, Calif. The conference saw a record 6,000 in attendance and featured news that Intel is partnering with longtime rival ARM Holdings (ARMH) to make some of its mobile and Internet of Things chips. DOJ Prison Break Hits Geo Group, Corrections Corp. The Justice Department said it would phase out its use of privately run prisons, arguing that the government is better equipped for the job. Private prisons "do not provide the same level of correctional services, programs and resources; they do not save substantially on costs ... they do not maintain the same level of safety and security," Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates said in a memo. GEO Group (GEO) plunged nearly 40% on Thursday, and Corrections Corp. of America (CXW) 35%, both hitting multiyear lows. Sporting Goods Retailers Dick's Sporting Goods (DKS), Foot Locker (FL) and Hibbett Sports (HIBB) all beat quarterly earnings views, though Hibbett's sales fell short. Dick's and Hibbett are dealing with the fallout from the liquidation of rival Sports Authority. Dick's won a bankruptcy bidding war for some Sports Authority assets earlier this year. Dicks' stock hit a record high, up 7.5% for the week. Foot Locker rose 12%. Hibbett Sports fell 0.7% in a volatile week. Share this: Related news Hewlett Packard Enterprise is among companies that could benefit from a tax break on repatriated cash. (AP) Cisco, HPE View: Overseas Cash Trumps Cautious Outlooks 12:31 PM ET HPE and Cisco are in the same boat amid light 2017 guidance: Will Trump’s tax reform lets them bring back... 12:31 PM ET HPE and Cisco are in the same boat amid light... How Overtime Pay Ruling Affects Wal-Mart, Dollar Tree, Fast Food Amazon Spreads Its Tentacles Far Beyond 'World's Biggest Bookstore' HPE Earnings Edge Wall Street Views, But Revenue, EPS Outlook Light Existing-Home Sales Strongest Since 2007, But Here Come Higher Rates Burlington Stores Stock Nears Buy Zone As Q3 Earnings Crush Views Palo Alto Networks Dives Amid 'Lumpy, Unpredictable' Demand Stocks Turn Mixed After Dow Crosses 19,000; Retailers Shine Palo Alto Networks Revenue, Billings Miss; Stock Falls Late Today's Spotlight Join us in Los Angeles Get comprehensive training in this 2-day event from top portfolio managers and stock market experts! IBD is Live on Facebook! Follow us on Facebook and watch our live videos and get actionable insight on stocks, the market and more! Try MarketSmith Catch stocks before they make their big move. Take a 3-week trial for only $19.95. More News Shares of Apple, UPS and e.l.f. Beauty are in buy range while Macy's is nearing a breakout. (Apple) Apple, Amazon, Macy's Lead Investing Action Plan For Black Friday Eli Lilly's Alzheimer's drug disappointed in a key trial. (Kris Tripplaar/Sipa USA/Newscom) Eli Lilly Topples As Alzheimer's Darling Sola Fails; Biogen, Merck Down The Trader’s Brain: Gaining an Edge by Letting Your Emotions Run Amok Promoted Content By Simpler Trading Special Report Will Black Friday Be A Turkey? Which Retail Stocks Are Standouts? TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics TSLA AAPL Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Target Corporation: Can TGT Stock Move Past Bathroom Policy? A fringe issue is gaining unwanted attention, and TGT stock is taking the hit By Josh Enomoto, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  May 9, 2016, 6:00 am EST     Popular Posts: The 10 Best Pharma Stocks Under President Donald Trump The Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Stock Sign No One Is Talking About 3 Stocks to Sell Before Donald Trump Gets His Way Recent Posts: Black Friday Deals: 2 Stocks to Buy, 2 Stocks to Avoid 3 Stocks to Sell Before Donald Trump Gets His Way The Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Stock Sign No One Is Talking About View All Posts Like any politician not named Donald Trump, Target Corporation (TGT) could have easily sidestepped a thorny issue by “Pleading the Fifth.” Instead, TGT went in guns blazing. Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr (Modified) Two weeks ago, the big box retailer announced that its guests and team members can use restrooms or fitting rooms that correspond to their gender identity. According to the Associated Press, Target became the first major retailer to publicly stand up for so-called transgender rights. At the same time, they drew unwanted attention at a particularly sensitive time, potentially harming the Target brand and TGT stock. 7 Blue Chips That Are Getting Ugly in a Hurry Backlash for TGT Stock A Christian activist group called The American Family Association fired back at the retailer immediately, calling for a boycott of Target stores. In the week following the transgender policy announcement, the AFA collected more than 744,800 pledges. In its second week, the AFA tacked on nearly 430,000 additional signatures — nearly a 60% increase. This supports AFA’s claim that the boycott proposal is one of their most popular campaigns. It also puts TGT in a defensive position that doesn’t help the company in any way. The timing of the decision is certainly peculiar. After all, the economy isn’t exactly a cauldron of opportunity. Since 2013, annual revenue for TGT has been largely flat, whereas fierce rival Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) — despite recent hiccups — has generally shown modest growth. Long-term investors of Target stock have also noted rising inventory levels over the past several years. And while Wal-Mart’s head executive Doug McMillon has personally voiced opposition to conservative advocacy movements, WMT as an entity smartly avoided the transgender identity issue. From a business standpoint, it comes down to raw numbers. Admittedly, quantifying the transgender population in the U.S. is difficult due to fears of discrimination, according to the National Center for Transgender Equality. However, various research firms have produced rough estimates between 0.1% to 0.3% of the total population as being transgender. According to U.S. Census data, that amounts to less than one million people who identify that way. Consequently, this figure is outnumbered by just the AFA petitions. Understandably, TGT wants to protect its corporate message of inclusion and diversity. However, gender itself can be hard to define. For example, Facebook Inc (FB) offers an “extensive list of gender identities” for its users, which suggests gender as a preference as opposed to an existential right. Moreover, several TGT stores already offer unisex restrooms. The decision to weigh in so strongly on such a divisive issue has to be worrying for holders of Target stock. Since the retailer’s April 19 announcement, TGT stock has dropped 6.5%. Coincidence? I wouldn’t be too sure. First, there were no significant news items that would explain the sudden bearishness in TGT stock. Further, the announcement day also coincided with the company’s all-time closing high. The last time Target stock was this elevated was in July of last year. The negative impact isn’t just limited to angry evangelicals. According to marketing intelligence firm YouGov BrandIndex, the number of people that would consider TGT for their department store shopping needs fell from 42% to 38%. The study further indicated that a growing number of shoppers — especially women — heard negative comments about the company. Interestingly, brand perception of TGT is down to its lowest level in eight months. This is not to say that Target stock is going to collapse from here on out. But what smart investors will key in on is the wholly unnecessary drama that TGT executives created. How Target (TGT) Plans to Fix Its Supply Issues With unisex restrooms in tow, the retailer could have easily skirted controversy. Instead, they took a hard-line stance, promoting a very small social movement over the conservative sensibilities of millions of Americans. The decision not only hurt TGT stock, it’s risking the brand image Target purportedly wants to protect. As of this writing, Josh Enomoto did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. More From InvestorPlace 10 Stocks to Sell in May and Go Away 31 Index Funds That Are Robbing You Blind Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/05/target-tgt-stock-transgender-policy/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks That Wall Street's Smart Money Likes Right Now 7 Feast or Famine Stocks to Buy for Thanksgiving 3 Canadian Stocks to Buy for the New European Trade Deal The 3 Best REITs to Buy Under Trump 3 High-Dividend Stocks for 2017-Plus Apple Stock Is Shrugging Off the Trump Slump Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Stocks the Smart Money Likes Right Now The 3 Best REITs to Buy Under the Trump Presidency 7 Feast or Famine Stocks to Buy for Thanksgiving 3 Canadian Stocks to Buy for the New European Trade Deal 3 High-Dividend Stocks for 2017 and Beyond Most Popular Most Commented The 10 Best S&P 500 Blue-Chip Dividend Stocks to Buy Now 10 Stocks the Smart Money Likes Right Now 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Finally Snags SolarCity — Get Ready for the Heartbreak S&P 500: Enjoy a Rare Thanksgiving Bull Feast! Time for Profit Taking on the Dow Jones Industrial Average Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Finally Snags SolarCity — Get Ready for the Heartbreak Is Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) and SolarCity Corp (SCTY) a Bankruptcy in the Making? iShares Russell 2000 Index (ETF) (IWM): Our Year-End Target Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
null

Business Live BL Premium Business Live Sign In Register Sign In Register BL Premium Login Markets Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment Politics Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Economy Business World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Life Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear Video Calculators JSE Sens Futures end the day lower as Naspers weighs heavily on the JSE all share Thanks to market jitters about South Africa’s looming credit agency ratings, and Naspers pulling the JSE all share down, local futures ended the day weaker Most Read Dow Jones breaking 19,000 barrier may boost JSE 13 hours ago JSE back on track but rand falters 14 hours ago Rand weakens as consumer inflation disappoints 8 hours ago Columnists Editorials Letters EDITOR’S LUNCHBOX: Suffering from altitude sickness? Try Viagra While Herman Mashaba raises the ANC’s ire by ending ‘vanity projects’, and unemployment in SA hits 13-year high Most Read A hug for Fikile 'Razzmatazz' Mbalula 5 days ago BL PREMIUM Jacob Zuma: ‘I’m just watching’ 14 hours ago BL PREMIUM Wage report exposes SA’s inequality cogs 14 hours ago BL PREMIUM Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment Hotline for patients to expose poor treatment and shoddy hospitals, clinics People visiting hospitals and clinics will soon have a hotline to blow the whistle on negligence, long queues and shoddy facilities Most Read Fees report tells us nothing we do not already know, says DA’s Belinda Bozzoli 15 minutes ago Home Affairs converting millions of documents to digital records 17 minutes ago Zuma tackles Madonsela over state of capture ‘instruction’ 29 minutes ago NUCLEAR BUILD Stalled nuclear build exposes Zuma's waning power South Africa’s decision to stall plans championed by President Jacob Zuma to build nuclear plants has exposed his waning authority. News of the delay came Tuesday when the Department of Energy said ... Most Read Jacob Zuma: Liar-in-chief 2 days ago WATCH: Five things that Ajay Gupta said in THAT interview 9 hours ago Stalled nuclear build exposes Zuma's waning power 5 hours ago Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Hammond expects sharp slowdown for UK in 2017 The Chancellor of the Exchequer confirms corporate tax cuts, raises the minimum wage, and unveils a package of UK-wide investment projects Most Read Inept PetroSA team ‘caused record loss’ 2 days ago Nuclear power ‘not needed for 21 years’ 14 hours ago BL PREMIUM Tiger Brands’ profit trebles after ditching the Dangote millstone 12 hours ago Violence against children a heavy burden for SA’s economy — study Save the Children has launched a report on a study showing in rand terms the cost of widespread violence against children in South Africa Most Read Consumer inflation speeds up, led by food prices 10 hours ago Rise in jobless points to lack of growth 14 hours ago Consumer inflation speeds up, led by food prices 10 hours ago How much is he really worth? Africa's youngest billionaire, a messy divorce and a curious judge Ashish Thakkar, who co-founded Africa banking conglomerate Atlas Mara Ltd. with ex-Barclays Plc head Bob Diamond, is a 35-year-old "billionaire" whose divorce fight has been prolonged thanks to a ... Most Read WATCH: Dealing with cyber bullying and harassment in the workplace 6 hours ago Business and labour join hands to protest against cheap poultry imports 6 hours ago Three sets of traits to look for in spotting successful chief executives 1 day ago Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Satirical French weekly Charlie Hebdo to launch German edition Less than two years after a bloody terror attack that took 12 lives, France’s satirical weekly Charlie Hebdo is to start publishing in Germany Most Read Morocco quits Africa-Arab summit over Polisario delegation 1 hour ago Trump taps South Carolina governor Nikki Haley for UN ambassador 2 hours ago Extremist jailed for life in murder of British MP Jo Cox 3 hours ago Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Disciplinary hearing for Shakes Mashaba moved to next week Safa suspended the Bafana Bafana coach after he ranted about how the football body did not support him, after the team beat Senegal in a World Cup qualifier Most Read Faf, Australia’s public enemy number one 14 hours ago What was that David Warner used to shine the ball with? 14 hours ago Hold your horses, Cricket SA urges outraged Faf du Plessis 12 hours ago Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear BOKONI’S TERRACED LANDS ‘Primitive’ farm methods beat drought The Bakoni are one of the few societies in sub-Saharan Africa to have developed terraced farming Most Read WATCH: Stellenbosch at Summer Place showcases rare art 7 hours ago Montblanc rediscovers the art of handwriting 14 hours ago SARAH WILD: Technology helps to put new plants on the map 14 hours ago Jacob Zuma says banks’ move to close Gupta accounts is ‘suspicious’ 3 hours ago The President was answering questions in Parliament on Wednesday, which also included queries about the crisis in the higher education sector Stalled nuclear build exposes Zuma's waning power South Africa’s decision to stall plans championed by President Jacob Zuma to build nuclear plants has exposed his waning authority. News of the delay came ... Politics 5 hours ago ‘Save South Africa from President Jacob Zuma’ The Save SA campaign has launched what it calls the people’s motion of no confidence in President Jacob Zuma National 3 hours ago Deal allowing takeover of Edcon by creditors gets tribunal’s approval It is understood that government stakeholders and Edcon held last-minute discussions on Wednesday to discuss issues relating to employment Companies / Retail & Consumer 3 hours ago Africa's youngest billionaire, a messy divorce and a curious judge Ashish Thakkar, who co-founded Africa banking conglomerate Atlas Mara Ltd. with ex-Barclays Plc head Bob Diamond, is a 35-year-old "billionaire" whose divorce ... Business 4 hours ago Court sets aside caps on interest rates and fees for short-term credit The ruling is a victory for microlenders, as the court finds the minister and the National Credit Regulator failed to properly consider the effects of the caps National 8 hours ago Trump taps South Carolina governor Nikki Haley for UN ambassador If confirmed, Haley faces a tough challenge as a veto-wielding member of the UN’s Security Council at a time of great international uncertainty World / Americas 2 hours ago Hammond expects sharp slowdown for UK in 2017 The Chancellor of the Exchequer confirms corporate tax cuts, raises the minimum wage, and unveils a package of UK-wide investment projects Companies 3 hours ago Vusi Pikoli describes charges against Pravin Gordhan as mind-boggling Former head of the National Prosecuting Authority says an element of political interference is at play within the authority, similar to what he had experienced National 5 hours ago ANC lambasts DA Joburg mayor Mashaba for cancelling its projects The ANC says that DA Johannesburg mayor Herman Mashaba’s canning of its projects shows he is turning his back on the identified township economic nodes National 7 hours ago EDITOR’S LUNCHBOX: Suffering from altitude sickness? Try Viagra While Herman Mashaba raises the ANC’s ire by ending ‘vanity projects’, and unemployment in SA hits 13-year high Opinion / Columnists 6 hours ago WATCH: Five things that Ajay Gupta said in THAT interview These are extracts from Stephen Grootes's interview with Ajay Gupta. Politics 9 hours ago CoreShares’ new JSE-listed property fund makes the global connection The ETF, a first for the South African market, was listed on the JSE at the start of November Companies / Financial Services 6 hours ago SPONSORED Interest rates likely to remain on hold this week The South African Reserve Bank projects that inflation will return to its target by the second quarter of 2017 Economy 6 hours ago Business and labour join hands to protest against cheap poultry imports Management of poultry producers will march with Food and Allied Workers Union members to draw attention to the dire state of the industry Business 6 hours ago Hlaudi Motsoeneng’s friends are no friends of the court in DA’s High Court case The High Court in Cape Town has denied a bid by supporters of the SABC executive, who wanted to join his battle against the DA National 8 hours ago SA’s consumers still willing to spend on premium products Tough economic conditions have forced some consumers to adopt a frugal lifestyle, but some shoppers are not holding back on expensive products Economy 6 hours ago Ipid taking seriously death threats against officers The Independent Police Investigative Directorate (Ipid) is taking seriously death threats made against officers investigating acting national police ... National 7 hours ago Nuclear power ‘not needed for 21 years’ State releases its energy planning documents, with tender for nucear build still on the cards for December Companies / Energy 14 hours ago BL PREMIUM Family denies that Ajay Gupta lied in interview Guptas say appropriate steps will be taken against Stephen Grootes ‘in the appropriate forum’, invite the journalist to ‘substantiate his false, defamatory ... National 10 hours ago Load more BLPremium Need the best business news in SA? Register to try BL Premium at no cost until early 2017 – with content from Business Day, Financial Mail, Rand Daily Mail, Business Times, Financial Times and more. Most read 1. A hug for Fikile 'Razzmatazz' Mbalula Opinion / Columnists 2. Jacob Zuma: ‘I’m just watching’ Opinion / Columnists 3. Inept PetroSA team ‘caused record loss’ Companies / Energy 4. I am a benefit to the SABC, Hlaudi testifies National / Media 5. WATCH: Five things that Ajay Gupta said in THAT ... Politics Investors Monthly is a magazine published by Times Media, Media Division included in the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of the month. View all > Opinion views & analysis EDITOR’S LUNCHBOX: Suffering from altitude sickness? Try Viagra While Herman Mashaba raises the ANC’s ire by ending ‘vanity projects’, and unemployment in SA hits 13-year high Read More Why selling out to sell to China is not Mark Zuckerberg’s smartest move The social network is risking its reputation just as it tries to show it is serious about clamping down on fake news sites, writes Tim Culpan Read More Gareth van Onselen Columnist Jacob Zuma: ‘I’m just watching’ Corruption is not an ethical problem for the ANC, but a political weapon, writes Gareth van Onselen Read More View all > Markets & Economy data, indicators & analysis 1. Futures end the day lower as Naspers weighs heavily on the JSE all share Markets 2 hours ago 2. Gold slides to nine-month low as dollar rallies on US data Markets 2 hours ago 3. Oil prices ease on doubts Opec-led cut will end glut Markets 2 hours ago 4. JSE closes lower on market jitters ahead of ratings announcements Markets 2 hours ago 5. Bonds in stable range despite inflation spurt as focus shifts to repo rate Markets 3 hours ago View all > Video watch the news unfold PLENARY, National Assembly, 23 November 2016 Read Full Article PLENARY, National Assembly, 23 November 2016 5 things Ajay Gupta said in the interview 'that never happened' Master Class: Dealing with cyberbullying & harrasment The Business of the Arts: Stellenbosch at Summer Place Business Tools make your life easier Share Search GO Type in a share code or part of a company’s name in the Company Lookup box, then select the company name from the list of results and click Go to view its tearsheet with share data,news and more. Get the latest unit trust data Calendar JSE Sens Capital & Regional PLC - Disposal of The Mall, Camberley Index Change Advice – 20161121 Fairvest Property Hldgs Shares In Issue and Free Float Update City Lodge Hotels Ltd - Results of AGM Middle East Diamond Resources Ltd - Results of annual general meeting View all > BL Premium exclusively for our subscribers Why we talk about the minimum wage but ignore CEOs’ huge salaries Steven Friedman Critics of inequality in the private sector are not trying to destroy the market, they simply want our economy to resemble everyone else’s, writes Steven Friedman Read More Wage report exposes SA’s inequality cogs Hilary Joffe The report reveals just how low wages are for millions of working South Africans — and just how dysfunctional SA’s labour market is, writes Hilary Joffe Read More Trump flurry of activity sparks clashes with media and the UK Demetri Sevastopulo and David J Lynch The events suggest that after a victory speech in which he seemed to be heading towards governing in a more conventional manner, he will remain an unconventional president Read More Task-switching will not solve our woes Xhanti Payi SA cannot risk allowing its moral motivations to go the way of the US, writes Xhanti Payi Read More Top Stories editor’s news selection 1. Wage report exposes SA’s inequality cogs Opinion / Columnists 14 hours ago BL PREMIUM Hilary Joffe Editor-at-large 2. Costly, clunky aviation rules clip our wings, say drone operators Companies / Transport & Tourism 14 hours ago 3. Task-switching will not solve our woes Opinion / Columnists 13 hours ago BL PREMIUM Xhanti Payi Columnist 4. Africa's youngest billionaire, a messy divorce and a curious judge Business 4 hours ago 5. US ambassador Patrick Gaspard’s final message to SA: grab trade relations with both hands Opinion / Columnists 13 hours ago BL PREMIUM Hilary Joffe Editor-at-large 6. State snacking on tourism’s future Opinion 14 hours ago 7. Stalled nuclear build exposes Zuma's waning power Politics 5 hours ago 8. Spare us the farcical forums and pretend policy powwows Opinion / Columnists 13 hours ago BL PREMIUM Leon Louw Columnist Comments / top and trending articles by comments Top Trending View all > Sport results, opinions and personalities Sport / Soccer 7 hours ago Disciplinary hearing for Shakes Mashaba moved to next week For the Proteas, pink is the new white come Thursday in Australia Sport / Cricket 8 hours ago Ricky Ponting ‘open to discussions on taking up coaching role’ Sport / Cricket 11 hours ago Hold your horses, Cricket SA urges outraged Faf du Plessis Sport / Cricket 12 hours ago View all > Lifestyle art, culture, music and more Life 14 hours ago ‘Primitive’ farm methods beat drought WATCH: Stellenbosch at Summer Place showcases rare art Life / Arts & Entertainment 7 hours ago Montblanc rediscovers the art of handwriting Life / Gadgets & Gear 14 hours ago SARAH WILD: Technology helps to put new plants on the map Life 14 hours ago Politics National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Markets Business Economy Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Read More About us Contact us FAQs Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Privacy policy © 2016 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. © BusinessLIVE MMXVI
Jobs Cars Property Directory Announcements Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The South Yorkshire Times Search More Close ] News Transport Crime Education Business Politics Environment Health Your Say Offbeat Celebs Regional National News Transport Crime Education Business Politics Environment Health Your Say Offbeat Celebs Regional National Sport Football Rugby More Sport National Sport What's On Music Theatre & Comedy Arts & Screen Lifestyle THAT'S ASDA CRISIS: Sales slump after worst performance Asda sales down Ros Snowdon Email 10:46 Friday 19 August 2016 0 Have your say Asda has reported its worst ever fall in quarterly like-for-like sales, underlining the mammoth task facing new boss Sean Clarke as he attempts to lure back shoppers from the discounters. Asda said like-for-like sales fell 7.5 per cent in the three months to June 30, which was a lot worse than the 5.7 per cent fall in the three months to March 30. This will be a major disappointment to the firm at a time when arch rivals Tesco, Sainsbury’s and Morrisons have reported improving underlying sales. Doug McMillon, CEO of Asda’s parent company Wal-Mart said: “In the UK, the competitive environment and food deflation continued to challenge the market, significantly impacting traffic and comp sales. Our strategy to turn things around is focused on improving the retail basics. We are simplifying and strengthening our offering through improved availability and assortment discipline, reducing costs and driving sales through strategic price investments. While our turn-around will take time, I’m confident in the new leadership team there and want to assure you we’re addressing this with urgency.” Wal-Mart’s CFO Brett Biggs added: “In the UK, fierce competition and food deflation continue to challenge the market, significantly impacting traffic and comp sales trends. “During the quarter, comp sales, excluding fuel, decreased 7.5 per cent. Our strategy remains focused on improving retail basics; simplifying and strengthening the offer through improved availability and assortment discipline, reducing costs through our cost analytics program and driving sales through strategic price investments where we remain committed to the previously announced five year £1.5bn price investment.” Asda reported a 5.8 per cent decline over Christmas, which had been its worst ever quarterly performance. In an attempt to turn the firm around, Asda’s parent company Wal-Mart has shipped in retail veteran Sean Clarke, a former Asda director, who took over as CEO​ on July 11 replacing Andy Clarke. Prior to this, Sean Clarke ​was head of Wal-Mart’s Chinese operations. Worryingly, ​Asda is seeing ​a five per cent​ drop in the number of shoppers visiting its stores​, signalling a failure to stem the rush to Aldi and Lidl. ​Asda usually comes top out of the big four in terms of basket prices, but shoppers on a budget can get goods for around 10 per cent less at Aldi and Lidl.​ The latest Kantar Worldpanel data shows that Asda is the worst performer out of the big four supermarkets. This is at a time when Aldi and Lidl are seeing sales increases of over 10 per cent as shoppers continue to desert Asda in favour of the discounters. Fraser McKevitt, head of retail and consumer insight at Kantar Worldpanel, said: “It’s not good news for Sean Clarke. Asda needs to look at the weapons in its armoury. They will be thinking very hard about price.” Asda is rumoured to be mulling a big new wave of price cuts in order to win back customers. Asda is focusing on a revival plan, dubbed Project Renewal. It is on track with moves to slash costs, having announced in January it would cut hundreds of UK jobs, largely impacting its head office, which employs 3,000 people.Wal-Mart, the world’s biggest retailer, has confirmed that ​Dewsbury-born ​Roger Burnley will be named deputy CEO and chief operating officer at Asda when he rejoins the business in October. Trending Yorkshire Day: 47 words and phrases you would only ever hear in Yorkshire VIDEO: Doncaster tent city resident hopes camp will be 'safe haven' for town's homeless BREAKING: Serious traffic delays in Sheffield after two car collision on Mansfield Road Comedian John Bishop blasts Ed Miliband for only opposing HS2 over Doncaster route Doncaster branch of Sainsbury's to be 'closed until further notice' due to flood Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with South Yorkshire Times means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to South Yorkshire Times You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to South Yorkshire Times Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Join Us On Explore News Sport Lifestyle What's On More from the South Yorkshire Times Announcements Bingo Buy a Photo Cars Directory Dating Jobs Local Guide Property Public Notices Useful Links Contact us Advertise My Business Place your ads Subscribe © 2016 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy

ROS LBoard 1 Family cremates wrong body after hospital mix-up FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US AirAsia a Walmart in the sky, says Fernandes August 19, 2016 We are the Walmart in the sky, we just happened to be at 35,000 feet above, says AirAsia Group CEO. PUTRAJAYA: AirAsia, an airline that is well known to often break new ground, is keen to turn itself into “a Walmart in the sky”, a move to push its ancillary income to be a major contributor to its revenue. “We are the Walmart in the sky, we just happened to be at 35,000 feet above,” its group chief executive Tony Fernandes said. Walmart, the world’s largest company by revenue, is an American multinational retail corporation that operates a chain of hypermarkets, discount department stores and grocery stores. “While you’re walking through 7-eleven in the ground, there’s no reason we can’t be a consumer company up in the sky. Selling duty free, food, foreign exchange and insurance,” he told Bernama recently. However, the effort to boost its ancillary income is not something new, it has been a work in progress for sometime now, Fernandes said. “Right now, profitability from ancillary services almost matches profitability from our airline. We have a very strong airline business which is generating about 15 per cent margin, and a very strong ancillary income business which is generating far greater in margin,” he said. These are the things that would drive the business high, while AirAsia continues the effort to create new routes and increase frequencies. “Right now ancillary income makes up 23 per cent of our revenue, but almost 50 per cent of our profit,” he said. Asked on AirAsia India’s shareholding, Fernandes said it continued to cruise smoothly. AirAsia India started operations in June 2014 via a joint-venture between AirAsia Bhd, Tata Sons and businessman Arun Bhatia’s Telestra Tradeplace, with a 41.06 per cent, 49 per cent and 9.94 per cent shareholding respectively. Now, AirAsia Bhd has 49 per cent stake in AirAsia India, while Tata Sons Ltd and its executives hold the remaining 51 per cent. “Amar (Abrol, Chief Executive Officer of AirAsia India) is planning what we are going to do in the next 15-16 months. We have six aircraft now and we hope to ramp it up to 10,” he commented on the expansion plan. AirAsia India has recently announced that its seventh aircraft will joint operations next month, which marks the start of its growth phase in India. “While our competitors spend a lot of time suing us, they don’t realise they giving us free publicity. And so, we are a big brand in India. They saved me a lot of money,” he said. India needs more tourists and connectivity with its population of 1.25 billion, and it is a market with abundant opportunities for AirAsia India, he said. On the recent AirAsia 15-day roadshow, he said it received good response from investors as they were able to see how undervalued the airline was. “Our share price obviously had a good run. We’re at about RM3 (now). We were down at 78 sen. People are beginning to see our value,” he said. As at 12.30pm, AirAsia share price was up two sen at RM3.27. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Bilik gerakan pantau jerebu diaktifkan, kata menteri Nawawi lodges police report, denies saying Agong is MO1 Explore topics AirAsia, Tony Fernandes, Top News, Walmart in the sky ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Family cremates wrong body after hospital mix-up Mahathir: Obama was talking about 1MDB Briefing for MPs on Act 355 had fiery start, says DPM IGP: Maria held under Sosma because of document IGP: Burning candles at night also requires notice Nazri: Umno ministers can’t count? Well, Dr M is like… Salleh: ‘Delusional’ to think Obama was… IGP, minister again fail to strike out Nurul Izzah… JPJ officer on duty dies after being hit by lorry Is this how to defend Malay dignity? ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB The Maria that I know is a patriot Detention without trial biggest obstacle to transformation Classic case of ‘thief shouting thief’ Apabila Melayu keliru budaya dan agama Is this how to defend Malay dignity? Zaid pens open letter to MPs over amendments to Shariah law More... FMT Bahasa PAS: RUU 355 dipinda sebelum dibentangkan Hadi esok Taklimat RUU 355 ‘hangat’ pada mulanya, kata Zahid Halau wartawan: NUJ harap MB, Umno Pahang baiki kesilapan Malaysia-Filipina tingkat rondaan, kawal keselamatan perairan Khalid: Jangan cabar polis, bila ambil tindakan semua meraung Jamal: Saya wangi, mungkin hidung Dr M bernanah More... Misc Ads – Movie Content FMT Borneo Plus S’wak CM tells MPs to oppose shariah bill Headmaster denies barring students from SPM Maths paper DAP’s Chong wants to be a martyr, says S’wak minister S’wak opposition says motions not about devolution Protest held outside S’wk assembly on Chong’s suspension Musa challenged to repeat allegations against Shafie More... Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Moderate gains for US stocks at Wall Street Capital Market |  Aug 19, 2016 11:14 AM IST Big gains in crude boost energy stocks U.S. stocks ended almost on a flat note on Thursday, 18 August 2016. Indices logged a modest return in a trading session marked by relatively muted moves for the main benchmarks as investors pored over a batch of upbeat economic data and digested signs that the Federal Reserve remains divided about the timing of the next interest-rate hike. A rise in oil prices, which pushed West Texas Intermediate crude trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange , the U.S. benchmark, helped nudge energy stocks up. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 23.76 points, or 0.1%, at 18,597.70. The S&P 500 index was up 4.80 points, or 0.2%, to close at 2,187.02. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index was up 11.49 points, or 0.2%, at 5,240.15. The S&P 500 index was up 4.80 points, or 0.2%, to close at 2,187.02. Seven out of the S&P 500's 10 sectors finished in the green, with a decline in telecommunications, limiting the run-up in oil-and-gas stocks. Dow component Wal-Mart Stores was up 1.9%, giving the blue-chip gauge a lift, while a 1.2% slide in Caterpillar shares limited the benchmark's advance. Wal-Mart reported better-than-expected profit and revenues on Thursday. Shares in Cisco Systems fell after the maker of networking equipment late Wednesday reported better-than-expected earnings and said that it plans to cut 5,500 jobs. Dow components Exxon Mobil and Chevron ended with gains of 0.9% and 1.3%, respectively. Equity indices struggled for direction as investors continued to adjust rate hike expectations for the year. Yesterday's release of the FOMC minutes for July indicated that Fed officials were divided on whether or not an interest rate hike would be appropriate in coming months. Specifically, concerns about the sustainability of recent hiring trends and consistently weak inflation readings compelled some members to hold off on raising rates. The stock market ended a range-bound day on a flat note as caution prevailed despite yesterday's dovish FOMC minutes from the July meeting. Equity indices struggled for direction as investors continued to adjust rate hike expectations for the year. Yesterday's release of the FOMC minutes for July indicated that Fed officials were divided on whether or not an interest rate hike would be appropriate in coming months. Specifically, concerns about the sustainability of recent hiring trends and consistently weak inflation readings compelled some members to hold off on raising rates. On Thursday, San Francisco Fed President John Williams said he would like to see another interest rate increase sooner rather than later. Among other Fed speakers, New York Fed President William Dudley on Thursday was upbeat about the outlook for jobs and growth, adding that time for a rate increase is edging closer. He spoke at a morning briefing for reporters at the regional Fed's bank headquarters on Wall Street. On the economic front, jobless claims last week fell by 4,000 to 262,000, representing a one-month low, and marking the 76th straight week that claims have been below 300,000. Meanwhile, the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia's barometer of regional manufacturing activity rebounded slightly into positive territory in August. The Conference Board on Thursday said its index of leading economic indicators rose 0.4% in July, signaling that moderate but steady growth could continue for the remainder of 2016. Oil futures stretched their streak of gains to a sixth session in a row Thursday to settle at their highest level in nearly two monthslifting crude into a bull market. September West Texas Intermediate crude rose $1.43, or 3.1%, to settle at $48.22 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Data from the Energy Information Administration Wednesday showed weekly declines for both crude and gasoline inventories, prompting prices that day to settle higher for a fifth session. Treasuries ended the day on a higher note as the short-end of the curve enjoyed a decent bid. The yield on the 2-yr note settled lower by two basis points (0.71%) while the yield on the benchmark 10-yr note slipped one basis point to 1.53%. Today's participation was below the recent average as fewer than 737 million shares changed hands at the NYSE floor. Powered by Capital Market - Live News Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Ratan Tata's ego caused financial mess for group firms: Cyrus Mistry Demonetisation: Problem of plenty for RBI as banks park record Rs 4.32 lakh crore Demonetisation: Union Minister latest victim as hospital declines to accept old notes Supreme Court refuses to stay petitions against demonetisation No transaction charges on debit card payments: Govt More From Current Affairs HPL Electric & Power gets revision in credit ratings Bannari Amman Sugars gets High Court approval for scheme of amalgamation Pricol fixes record date for scheme of amalgamation Board of Bannari Amman Sugars announced recommends dividend Bodal Chemicals gets High Court approval for scheme of amalgamation [ more ] Top Stories ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim SBI cuts bulk deposit rates by 1.25-1.9% [ more ] Markets ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Fall below 7,900 could take Nifty to 7,500-7,600 levels Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Sesame output likely to fall 40% due to unfavourable climate Impact of demonetisation largely priced in: Ridham Desai [ more ] Companies Wadia sends third notice to Tata Sons Mistry knows where all the bodies are buried in Tata Group: Kumar Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim Azim Premji-backed FSS plans to raise $250 million [ more ] Opinion Gujarat Gas results set off downgrades Expect lower growth at Eicher Reliance Industries valuation at 10-yr low Don't revive inspector raj Resolving a disagreement [ more ] Latest News ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Fall below 7,900 could take Nifty to 7,500-7,600 levels Finders can't be keepers Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Sesame output likely to fall 40% due to unfavourable climate [ more ] Today's Paper Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster Zara's recipe for success: More data, fewer bosses Debit card charges dropped, farmers to get easier cash access We should have 5 million customers by 2020: David Mcmillan, Aviva Europe Pakistan's jihad makers [ more ] News you can use Demonetisation: Stricter norms for NRIs Spread equity investments over three-four months Deposits above Rs 2.5 lakh: Don't panic if you receive the I-T notice Expect your household budget to shoot up: Going cashless comes at a cost Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TGuCI0 Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
null
null
   English | Malay | Mandarin | | Español ABOUT BERNAMA Organisation Management Committee Who's who BERNAMA Services Client's Charter Helpdesk Organisation Chart Map to BERNAMA GENERAL General Main News List State News 1Malaysia Perspectives On Current Issues POLITICS Politic Main News List BUSINESS Business Main News List Markets SPORTS Sports Main News List FEATURES Features Main News List WORLD World Main NAM News Network (NNN) News List E-NEWSLETTER WEB TV ARCHIVED INFOGRAPHICS Microsite ›› Banking & Finance   • Auto   • Aviation   • Maritime   • Education   • Property   • Youth   • eBiz  S News Who's Who BUSINESS › NEWS AirAsia 'A Walmart In The Sky', Says Fernandes By Zairina Zainudin PUTRAJAYA, Aug 19 (Bernama) - AirAsia, an airline that is well known to often break new ground, is keen to turn itself into 'a Walmart in the sky', a move to push its ancillary income to be a major contributor to its revenue. "We are the Walmart in the sky, we just happened to be at 35,000 feet above," its group chief executive, Tan Sri Tony Fernandes said. Walmart, the world's largest company by revenue, is an American multinational retail corporation that operates a chain of hypermarkets, discount department stores and grocery stores. "While you're walking through 7-eleven in the ground, there's no reason we can't be a consumer company up in the sky. Selling duty free, food, foreign exchange and insurance," he told Bernama recently. However, the effort to boost its ancillary income is not something new, it has been work in progress for sometimes now, Fernandes said. "Right now, profitability from ancillary services almost matches profitability from our airline. We have a very strong airline business which is generating about 15 per cent margin, and a very strong ancillary income business which is generating far greater in margin," he said. These are the things that would drive the business high, while AirAsia continues the effort to create new routes and increase frequencies. "Right now ancillary income makes up 23 per cent of our revenue, but almost 50 per cent of our profit," he said. Asked on AirAsia India's shareholding, Fernandes said it continued to cruise smoothly. AirAsia India started operations in June 2014 via a joint-venture between AirAsia Bhd, Tata Sons and businessman Arun Bhatia's Telestra Tradeplace, with a 41.06 per cent, 49 per cent and 9.94 per cent shareholding, respective. Now, AirAsia Bhd has 49 per cent stake in AirAsia India, while Tata Sons and its executives hold the remaining 51 per cent. "Amar (Abrol Chief Executive Officer of AirAsia India) is planning what we are going to do in the next 15-16 months. We have six aircraft now and we hope to ramp it up to 10," he commented on the expansion plan. AirAsia India has recently announced that its seventh fleet will joint operations next month, which marks the start of its growth phase in India. "While our competitor spend a lot of time suing us, they don't realise they giving us a free publicity. And so, we are a big brand in India. They saved me a lot of money," he said. India needs more tourists and connectivity with its population of 1.25 billion, and it is a market with abundance opportunities for AirAsia India, he said. On the recent AirAsia 15-day roadshow, he said it received good response from investors as they were able to see how undervalued the airline was. "Our share price obviously had a good run. We're at about RM3 (now). We were down at 78 sen. People are beginning to see our value," he said. As at 12.30pm, AirAsia share price was up two sen at RM3.27. -- BERNAMA >> Newslist Previous Top Stories Petronas Benefits From Blue Ocean Strategy Ahmad Zahid Urges UMNO Members To Close Ranks With Those Outside Party PM Wants Ministries To Prepare Detailed Plans For Budget 2017 Allocations Other News Headlines UGA 2016: Main Focus Is Sosio-economy Of Rakyat, Not Politics- politic Petronas Able To Reduce Costs With Blue Ocean Strategy, Says Chairman- business Malaysian Top Men's Doubles Pairs Advance To Second Round Of Hong Kong Open- sports EPF Ensures Better Retirment Benefits- features Nikki Haley Leads Trump's Pick For US Ambassador To UN: Report- world Most Read News Petronas Benefits From Blue Ocean Strategy Ahmad Zahid Urges UMNO Members To Close Ranks With Those Outside Party Malaysian 'Drug Mule' Serving Sentence Outside Peruvian Prison - Wisma Putra Home | Sitemap | Contact Us | General | Politics | Business | Sports | Features | World | Full News List | Archived News | RSS Feeds © 2016 BERNAMA. All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer | Privacy Policy| Security Policy This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form except with the prior written permission of BERNAMA. Best viewed in Firefox 35.0.1 & Internet Explorer 8.0 with 1024 x 768 resolution Contact us 03-26939933 | E-mail helpdesk@bernama.com
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Thursday, November 24, 2016 12:29 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Malaysia AirAsia ‘a Walmart in the sky’, says Tony Fernandes Friday August 19, 2016 01:51 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Man United to extend Ibrahimovic deal by one year, says Mourinho The Edit: Six things about Barron, the youngest Trump kid Khairy: Harimau Malaysia’s fate in Suzuki Cup for Cabinet to decide Perak Health Dept: Malaria on the rise in Gerik’s Orang Asli settlement Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Tan Sri Tony Fernandes says AirAsia is keen to turn itself into ‘a Walmart in the sky’, to push its ancillary income to be a major contributor to its revenue. — Reuters picPUTRAJAYA, Aug 19 ― AirAsia, an airline that is well known to often break new ground, is keen to turn itself into “a Walmart in the sky”, a move to push its ancillary income to be a major contributor to its revenue. “We are the Walmart in the sky, we just happened to be at 35,000 feet above,” its group chief executive, Tan Sri Tony Fernandes said. Walmart, the world's largest company by revenue, is an American multinational retail corporation that operates a chain of hypermarkets, discount department stores and grocery stores. “While you're walking through 7-eleven in the ground, there's no reason we can't be a consumer company up in the sky. Selling duty free, food, foreign exchange and insurance,” he told Bernama recently. However, the effort to boost its ancillary income is not something new, it has been work in progress for sometimes now, Fernandes said. “Right now, profitability from ancillary services almost matches profitability from our airline. We have a very strong airline business which is generating about 15 per cent margin, and a very strong ancillary income business which is generating far greater in margin,” he said. These are the things that would drive the business high, while AirAsia continues the effort to create new routes and increase frequencies. “Right now ancillary income makes up 23 per cent of our revenue, but almost 50 per cent of our profit,” he said. Asked on AirAsia India's shareholding, Fernandes said it continued to cruise smoothly. AirAsia India started operations in June 2014 via a joint-venture between AirAsia Bhd, Tata Sons and businessman Arun Bhatia's Telestra Tradeplace, with a 41.06 per cent, 49 per cent and 9.94 per cent shareholding, respective. Now, AirAsia Bhd has 49 per cent stake in AirAsia India, while Tata Sons and its executives hold the remaining 51 per cent. “Amar (Abrol Chief Executive Officer of AirAsia India) is planning what we are going to do in the next 15-16 months. We have six aircraft now and we hope to ramp it up to 10,” he commented on the expansion plan. AirAsia India has recently announced that its seventh fleet will joint operations next month, which marks the start of its growth phase in India. “While our competitor spend a lot of time suing us, they don't realise they giving us a free publicity. And so, we are a big brand in India. They saved me a lot of money,” he said. India needs more tourists and connectivity with its population of 1.25 billion, and it is a market with abundance opportunities for AirAsia India, he said. On the recent AirAsia 15-day roadshow, he said it received good response from investors as they were able to see how undervalued the airline was. “Our share price obviously had a good run. We're at about RM3 (now). We were down at 78 sen. People are beginning to see our value,” he said. As at 12.30pm, AirAsia share price was up two sen at RM3.27. ― Bernama                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week IGP: Maria could have asked for mattress but did not Malaysia mulls AFF Cup snub over Myanmar’s Rohingya violence Lawyer: Kazim also sent legal letter to Wardina, Syed Azmi over sexual abuse claim DAP: MCA, MIC, Gerakan, SUPP should quit BN over Hadi’s Bill Maria candlelight vigils illegal, IGP says Malaysia mulls AFF Cup snub over Myanmar’s Rohingya violence High Court: Duty of police to prevent clash between Bersih 5, Red Shirts 10 things about: Maria Chin Abdullah, social activist Say sorry or pay RM8m, preacher Kazim Elias tells woman after sexual abuse claim At Bersih 5, biggest cheer for Muhyiddin Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: China goes global as Trump puts America first Reuters Video: Facebook crafts censorship tool to re-enter China, says NYT Kids and parents react to 'Beauty and the Beast' MMOTV: Mahathir, Siti Hasmah head to KLCC by car MMOTV: Red Shirts heckle yellow-shirted Bersih participants MMOTV: A Red Shirts supporter hurls abuse at Bersih supporters Related Articles Apologise to Japanese man over 2014 wheelchair check-in refusal, AirAsia X told Despite AirAsia, Lion Air, top investor sees gap for ‘truly low-cost’ airlines in Asia AirAsia launches Santan Combo Meal Airlines launch special post-US election fares for disillusioned travellers AirAsia introduces two new routes to Indonesia Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
null

The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Thu,  24 November 2016 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 5.00   0.10 2.04%   1STPRIMFMF 9.20   0.30 3.37%   AAMRATECH 28.50   0.00 0.00%   ABB1STMF 5.00   0.10 2.04%   ABBANK 23.50   0.90 3.98%   ACI   -1.40   ACIFORMULA 163.00   2.20 1.37%   ACMELAB 101.20   0.10 0.10%   ACTIVEFINE 38.90   -0.20 -0.51%   AFCAGRO 45.50   -1.00 -2.15%   AFTABAUTO 54.70   -0.10 -0.18%   AGNISYSL 18.10   0.00 0.00%   AGRANINS 18.60   0.20 1.09%   AIBL1STIMF 7.90   -0.10 -1.25%   AL-HAJTEX 97.00   -1.90 -1.92%   ALARABANK 15.30   0.10 0.66%   ALLTEX 9.90   0.10 1.02%   AMANFEED 67.40   -0.70 -1.03%   AMBEEPHA 403.90   -31.70 -7.28%   AMCL(PRAN) 198.40   -0.60 -0.30%   ANLIMAYARN 27.30   0.70 2.63%   ANWARGALV 69.10   -1.60 -2.26%   APEXFOODS 139.00   -0.40 -0.29%   APEXFOOT 351.90   -5.30 -1.48%   APEXSPINN 113.60   -1.60 -1.39%   APEXTANRY 128.10   -1.80 -1.39%   APOLOISPAT 14.70   0.10 0.68%   ARAMIT 359.70   -8.20 -2.23%   ARAMITCEM 31.80   -1.00 -3.05%   ARGONDENIM 27.00   -0.30 -1.10%   ASIAINS 18.10   0.90 5.23%   ASIAPACINS 18.00   0.70 4.05%   ATCSLGF 10.30   0.00 0.00%   ATLASBANG 116.00   -0.10 -0.09%   AZIZPIPES 62.80   0.50 0.80%   BANGAS 130.00   -4.10 -3.06%   BANKASIA 18.40   0.20 1.10%   BARKAPOWER 27.50   -0.50 -1.79%   BATASHOE 1180.00   4.30 0.37%   BATBC   14.20   BAYLEASING 21.50   0.50 2.38%   BDAUTOCA 73.20   5.60 8.28%   BDCOM   -0.30   BDFINANCE 10.70   0.30 2.88%   BDLAMPS 176.50   -4.40 -2.43%   BDTHAI 22.30   -0.10 -0.45%   BDWELDING 9.30   0.20 2.20%   BEACONPHAR 18.70   -0.20 -1.06%   BENGALWTL 40.30   -0.90 -2.18%   BERGERPBL 2400.00   29.30 1.24%   BEXIMCO 24.60   0.80 3.36%   BGIC   0.40   BIFC   0.00   BNICL   0.50   BRACBANK 65.60   0.30 0.46%   BSC   -5.90   BSCCL   -0.60   BSRMLTD 139.90   -1.50 -1.06%   BSRMSTEEL 92.10   -0.30 -0.32%   BXPHARMA 84.00   0.70 0.84%   BXSYNTH 6.00   0.10 1.69%   CENTRALINS 17.60   0.50 2.92%   CENTRALPHL 14.30   0.70 5.15%   CITYBANK 24.80   0.40 1.64%   CITYGENINS 15.50   0.40 2.65%   CMCKAMAL 16.30   0.10 0.62%   CNATEX 8.50   0.10 1.19%   CONFIDCEM 110.00   0.00 0.00%   CONTININS 17.80   0.70 4.09%   CVOPRL 194.80   -1.10 -0.56%   DACCADYE 6.80   -0.10 -1.45%   DAFODILCOM 33.50   -0.20 -0.59%   DBH   -1.00   DBH1STMF 7.10   0.20 2.90%   DELTALIFE 97.30   0.20 0.21%   DELTASPINN 8.10   0.10 1.25%   DESCO   0.30   DESHBANDHU 8.60   0.00 0.00%   DHAKABANK 17.40   0.70 4.19%   DHAKAINS 22.20   1.00 4.72%   DOREENPWR 115.00   3.50 3.14%   DSHGARME 300.50   -1.00 -0.33%   DSSL   1.30   DULAMIACOT 7.10   -0.20 -2.74%   DUTCHBANGL 106.40   0.10 0.09%   EASTERNINS 25.50   1.10 4.51%   EASTLAND 21.20   0.50 2.42%   EASTRNLUB 895.00   -17.40 -1.91%   EBL   0.00   EBL1STMF 5.00   0.00 0.00%   EBLNRBMF 4.90   0.20 4.26%   ECABLES 142.20   -2.90 -2.00%   EHL   -0.40   EMERALDOIL 36.00   -1.20 -3.23%   ENVOYTEX 37.30   0.00 0.00%   ETL   -0.20   EXIM1STMF 6.70   -0.10 -1.47%   EXIMBANK 11.10   0.20 1.83%   FAMILYTEX 9.00   0.10 1.12%   FARCHEM 20.50   0.20 0.99%   FAREASTFIN 10.40   0.30 2.97%   FAREASTLIF 65.00   0.90 1.40%   FASFIN 12.20   0.50 4.27%   FBFIF   0.00   FEDERALINS 11.00   0.20 1.85%   FEKDIL 22.10   -0.20 -0.90%   FINEFOODS 18.00   0.10 0.56%   FIRSTFIN 7.60   0.40 5.56%   FIRSTSBANK 12.60   0.00 0.00%   FORTUNE 46.90   -0.10 -0.21%   FUWANGCER 15.90   0.90 6.00%   FUWANGFOOD 12.70   -0.20 -1.55%   GBBPOWER 15.60   0.00 0.00%   GEMINISEA 765.50   -2.40 -0.31%   GENNEXT 7.90   0.70 9.72%   GHAIL   0.30   GHCL   -1.70   GLAXOSMITH 1593.00   6.30 0.40%   GLOBALINS 14.30   0.80 5.93%   GOLDENSON 16.70   -0.40 -2.34%   GP   0.00   GPHISPAT 28.00   -0.40 -1.41%   GQBALLPEN 69.10   -0.70 -1.00%   GRAMEENS2 10.40   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELMF 7.00   0.10 1.45%   GREENDELT 49.10   0.10 0.20%   GSPFINANCE 21.40   0.10 0.47%   HAKKANIPUL 46.80   -0.20 -0.43%   HEIDELBCEM 549.90   1.10 0.20%   HFL   0.10   HRTEX   0.20   HWAWELLTEX 34.70   -0.30 -0.86%   IBBLPBOND 980.00   -10.00 -1.01%   IBNSINA 211.40   2.00 0.96%   ICB   1.40   ICB1STNRB 18.60   0.10 0.54%   ICB2NDNRB 7.90   0.10 1.28%   ICB3RDNRB 4.60   0.10 2.22%   ICBAMCL2ND 5.30   0.00 0.00%   ICBEPMF1S1 5.90   -0.10 -1.67%   ICBIBANK 4.00   0.00 0.00%   ICBSONALI1 6.20   0.20 3.33%   IDLC   -2.30   IFADAUTOS 78.10   0.80 1.03%   IFIC   -0.20   IFIC1STMF 4.80   0.00 0.00%   IFILISLMF1 6.60   0.00 0.00%   ILFSL   0.30   IMAMBUTTON 10.80   -0.30 -2.70%   INTECH 12.00   -0.10 -0.83%   IPDC   -0.50   ISLAMIBANK 30.10   0.20 0.67%   ISLAMICFIN 16.10   0.30 1.90%   ISLAMIINS 17.60   0.70 4.14%   ISNLTD 12.00   0.00 0.00%   ITC   -1.40   JAMUNABANK 15.10   0.20 1.34%   JAMUNAOIL 194.10   0.60 0.31%   JANATAINS 12.60   0.10 0.80%   JMISMDL 159.00   -7.30 -4.39%   JUTESPINN 53.50   -0.40 -0.74%   KARNAPHULI 15.00   0.50 3.45%   KAY&QUE 26.70   0.50 1.91%   KBPPWBIL 16.90   -0.10 -0.59%   KDSALTD 67.00   -1.20 -1.76%   KEYACOSMET 10.60   0.70 7.07%   KOHINOOR 448.50   -7.10 -1.56%   KPCL   -0.10   LAFSURCEML 74.10   -0.30 -0.40%   LANKABAFIN 28.20   -0.20 -0.70%   LEGACYFOOT 18.50   -0.10 -0.54%   LIBRAINFU 477.00   -3.50 -0.73%   LINDEBD 1342.10   -5.70 -0.42%   LRGLOBMF1 6.60   0.00 0.00%   MAKSONSPIN 7.20   0.10 1.41%   MALEKSPIN 15.80   -0.10 -0.63%   MARICO 1198.00   -2.00 -0.17%   MATINSPINN 38.50   0.00 0.00%   MBL1STMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   MEGCONMILK 6.80   0.00 0.00%   MEGHNACEM 96.50   0.00 0.00%   MEGHNALIFE 53.60   1.00 1.90%   MEGHNAPET 5.40   0.10 1.89%   MERCANBANK 14.70   0.40 2.80%   MERCINS 14.80   0.30 2.07%   METROSPIN 6.60   0.20 3.12%   MHSML   -0.30   MICEMENT 74.90   -0.10 -0.13%   MIDASFIN 22.20   -0.60 -2.63%   MIRACLEIND 45.50   3.40 8.08%   MITHUNKNIT 70.80   0.50 0.71%   MJLBD   -1.20   MODERNDYE 171.10   -11.50 -6.30%   MONNOCERA 38.00   0.00 0.00%   MONNOSTAF 535.40   -30.20 -5.34%   MPETROLEUM 182.00   0.00 0.00%   MTB   0.20   NATLIFEINS 186.70   1.80 0.97%   NAVANACNG 54.30   -0.10 -0.18%   NBL   0.20   NCCBANK 10.90   0.10 0.93%   NCCBLMF1 6.80   0.00 0.00%   NFML   0.50   NHFIL   0.40   NITOLINS 22.20   0.70 3.26%   NLI1STMF 12.70   0.00 0.00%   NORTHERN 221.70   -4.10 -1.82%   NORTHRNINS 20.30   0.70 3.57%   NPOLYMAR 72.00   0.10 0.14%   NTC   -20.40   NTLTUBES 118.50   -11.50 -8.85%   OAL   0.40   OLYMPIC 292.20   -0.40 -0.14%   ONEBANKLTD 15.60   0.20 1.30%   ORIONINFU 58.60   0.10 0.17%   ORIONPHARM 40.10   0.20 0.50%   PADMALIFE 24.00   0.00 0.00%   PADMAOIL 190.50   3.70 1.98%   PARAMOUNT 21.90   0.70 3.30%   PENINSULA 25.10   0.10 0.40%   PEOPLESINS 18.00   0.70 4.05%   PF1STMF 4.70   0.20 4.44%   PHARMAID 244.40   -3.40 -1.37%   PHENIXINS 24.00   1.40 6.19%   PHOENIXFIN 26.80   -0.30 -1.11%   PHPMF1 4.50   0.10 2.27%   PIONEERINS 30.40   0.70 2.36%   PLFSL   0.00   POPULAR1MF 4.40   0.00 0.00%   POPULARLIF 68.50   0.50 0.74%   POWERGRID 56.20   0.80 1.44%   PRAGATIINS 27.00   1.10 4.25%   PRAGATILIF 89.40   2.70 3.11%   PREMIERBAN 9.10   0.00 0.00%   PREMIERCEM 83.70   -2.20 -2.56%   PREMIERLEA 10.30   0.20 1.98%   PRIME1ICBA 5.10   0.00 0.00%   PRIMEBANK 16.10   0.00 0.00%   PRIMEFIN 8.10   0.10 1.25%   PRIMEINSUR 18.40   1.30 7.60%   PRIMELIFE 58.00   0.80 1.40%   PRIMETEX 21.30   -0.50 -2.29%   PROVATIINS 15.30   -0.10 -0.65%   PTL   -0.30   PUBALIBANK 20.70   0.20 0.98%   PURABIGEN 16.20   0.50 3.18%   QSMDRYCELL 95.30   -0.20 -0.21%   RAHIMAFOOD 99.10   3.00 3.12%   RAHIMTEXT 236.00   -7.30 -3.00%   RAKCERAMIC 59.60   0.00 0.00%   RANFOUNDRY 105.00   0.00 0.00%   RDFOOD 15.40   -0.10 -0.65%   RECKITTBEN 1552.00   -7.80 -0.50%   REGENTTEX 13.40   -0.10 -0.74%   RELIANCE1 8.00   0.00 0.00%   RELIANCINS 47.00   0.40 0.86%   RENATA 1088.90   -1.50 -0.14%   RENWICKJA 576.00   -27.30 -4.53%   REPUBLIC 18.60   1.00 5.68%   RNSPIN 17.30   0.00 0.00%   RSRMSTEEL 46.90   0.40 0.86%   RUPALIBANK 27.00   0.10 0.37%   RUPALIINS 18.10   0.50 2.84%   RUPALILIFE 35.90   -0.40 -1.10%   SAFKOSPINN 11.90   0.00 0.00%   SAIFPOWER 46.80   -0.10 -0.21%   SAIHAMCOT 15.00   0.20 1.35%   SAIHAMTEX 13.70   0.00 0.00%   SALAMCRST 28.10   -0.20 -0.71%   SALVOCHEM 14.60   0.40 2.82%   SAMATALETH 24.00   -0.10 -0.41%   SAMORITA 64.30   0.60 0.94%   SANDHANINS 30.50   0.00 0.00%   SAPORTL 41.50   0.50 1.22%   SEBL1STMF 11.70   -0.10 -0.85%   SEMLLECMF 9.70   -0.10 -1.02%   SHAHJABANK 14.50   0.00 0.00%   SHASHADNIM 60.30   2.40 4.15%   SHURWID 9.40   0.80 9.30%   SHYAMPSUG 11.00   -0.20 -1.79%   SIBL   0.00   SIMTEX 20.70   0.20 0.98%   SINGERBD 187.60   -0.10 -0.05%   SINOBANGLA 24.00   0.40 1.69%   SONALIANSH 197.00   -3.40 -1.70%   SONARBAINS 16.60   0.30 1.84%   SONARGAON 8.70   0.10 1.16%   SOUTHEASTB 17.70   -0.10 -0.56%   SPCERAMICS 8.40   0.20 2.44%   SPCL   -2.40   SQUARETEXT 68.50   3.20 4.90%   SQURPHARMA 243.00   -1.00 -0.41%   STANCERAM 54.00   0.30 0.56%   STANDARINS 18.80   0.70 3.87%   STANDBANKL 10.80   0.20 1.89%   STYLECRAFT 1522.10   -62.40 -3.94%   SUMITPOWER 34.30   0.10 0.29%   SUNLIFEINS 18.10   0.10 0.56%   TAKAFULINS 18.20   0.20 1.11%   TALLUSPIN 9.20   0.20 2.22%   TITASGAS 46.80   -0.20 -0.43%   TOSRIFA 18.20   0.60 3.41%   TRUSTB1MF 5.00   0.10 2.04%   TRUSTBANK 23.60   0.20 0.85%   TUNGHAI 11.20   0.10 0.90%   UCB   0.20   UNIONCAP 13.50   0.10 0.75%   UNIQUEHRL 40.40   -0.30 -0.74%   UNITEDAIR 5.00   0.10 2.04%   UNITEDFIN 22.00   0.00 0.00%   UNITEDINS 26.00   0.80 3.17%   UPGDCL 140.50   -1.20 -0.85%   USMANIAGL 90.80   -1.70 -1.84%   UTTARABANK 24.20   0.10 0.41%   UTTARAFIN 58.10   -0.40 -0.68%   VAMLBDMF1 9.00   0.00 0.00%   WATACHEM 160.50   1.90 1.20%   WMSHIPYARD 25.00   0.20 0.81%   YPL   -0.20   ZAHEENSPIN 16.20   0.40 2.53%   ZAHINTEX 16.40   0.10 0.61%   ZEALBANGLA 16.70   0.70 4.38%   Breaking News Savar gas lighter factory catches fire, 8 fire service units fighting, 21 taken to DMCH in critical condition TIME - 12:46 am National Revised pension scheme for govt servants gets PM's Economy 'Bangladesh gains remarkable MDG achievement' World Obama's not-so-secret admirer: Donald Trump Stock BSEC to set new provision for use of Hold credible polls in N'ganj, President tells EC TOP NEWS Ambee Pharma recommends 26pc div Shakhawat seeks level playing field Minister’s domestic help found dead 3 Indian soldiers die in border firing Trump backs off Clinton probe Samsung raided again in S Korea Oil prices edge up  One of Ashulia burn victims dies Judge blocks Obama’s overtime rule Asian stocks rise  Women-run SMEs face 60pc finance gap: Study November 24, 2016, 12:40 am Despite improvements in policy support to women entrepreneurs in small and medium enterprises (SMEs), the financing gap between the demand and supply of loans remains as high as 60 per cent, according to a new study. It showed that women's increased Read more Renewable energy as viable power source November 24, 2016, 12:39 am Bangladesh has the potential to become a viable, modern and sustainable electricity-generation expansion hub, a research conducted by the Institute for Energy Economics and Financial Analysis (IEEFA), Australia said. It said the country, by redoubling its efforts in deploying solar home Read more Economy Reform key to double-digit growth: BIDA chief Reforms in several areas are necessary for achieving double-digit growth, says the Bangladesh Investment Development Authority (BIDA) chief, reports bdnews24.com. BIDA Executive Chairman Kazi M Aminul Islam told the Business Initiative BBA seeks extra time, cost hike for support project November 23, 2016, 12:21 am RCBC staff face money laundering complaint November 23, 2016, 12:16 am Country witnesses multidimensional dev: Kamal November 22, 2016, 10:21 pm UK wealth drops $1.5tr November 22, 2016, 12:28 pm ECNEC approves three new projects November 22, 2016, 3:21 pm Finance Law minister leads team to Manila Saturday A high-powered delegation headed by Law Minister Anisul Huq is scheduled to leave for Manila Saturday to expedite efforts with the Philippines to retrieve the remaining $65.75 million of Bangladesh's heisted foreign-exchange reserves. During the November 28-30 visit, the five-member delegation India doubles limit of prepaid wallet ECB seeks to lend out more bonds to avert market freeze NBR to honor 517 highest, longtime taxpayers LoGIC project launched with initial $ 20m fund Editorial Standardising workplace safety Even the loss of as many as 3,400 lives to Standardising workplace safety Even the loss of as many as 3,400 lives to Op-Ed Saving power consumption A Rajshahi-datelined report of the November 22, 2016 issue of Saving power consumption A Rajshahi-datelined report of the November 22, 2016 issue of About the condition of roads in our locality WE are the inhabitants of greater Ramchandrapur-Bangara of Muradnagar upazilla About the condition of roads in our locality WE are the inhabitants of greater Ramchandrapur-Bangara of Muradnagar upazilla Youth leadership The youth has large potential for leadership and all they Youth leadership The youth has large potential for leadership and all they Stock Turnover hits five-year high Turnover on the premier bourse crossed Tk 14.50 billion-mark after more than five years Wednesday riding on block transaction of DSE Brokers’ Assoc elects Ahmad Rashid president Power sector takes market to record high National Tubes tops DSE transaction chart DSE turnover crosses Tk 14b mark after 5 years World stocks edge up SE Asian stocks mostly higher Stocks edge up for second session Hong Kong shares climb  National BD fairly finishes halfway through achieving MDGs Bangladesh has outshone many others in accomplishing many of the MDGs tasks with national poverty cut to 24.8 per cent against the targeted 29 per cent by 2015, government evaluation report said Wednesday. The progress report, however, recognizes that the country still needed some more attention to fulfilling all the targets under the eight MDGs or Millennium Development Goals as many Govt to set up separate body to coordinate SDG work Malaysia promoting 2nd home programme for Bangladeshis JS body highlights achievement in water management at UNSC HC order on ACC petition today Stay alert to face threats: PM to army Bangladesh summons Myanmar envoy over Rohingya crisis ‘KSA wants to recruit 1,000 Bangladesh doctors’ Tampaco owner given a week to surrender Trade and Market Products for trade under APTA likely to double The number of products for low-tariff trading under the Asia-Pacific Trade Agreement (APTA), previously known as the Bangkok Agreement, may more than double as the member-countries finally agreed to conclude soon the fourth-round negotiations, officials said. Trade ministers of the six-nation bloc will sit for Ministerial Council in Bangkok mid-January to endorse the decisions taken in the expert-level negotiations, they added. London copper holds gains Agro-based industry fails to make breakthrough in global market Alliance rejects report of rights groups, says it's firm on ensuring worker safety PMO asks ministries to decide fate of incomplete projects Int'l tourism conference begins in Cox's Bazar today Play active role in boosting revenue earnings UK uses ‘Autumn statement to prepare economy for new chapter’ US grants second Airbus license to sell planes to Iran World Pakistan says death toll from Indian shelling rises to 11 MUZAFFARABAD, Nov 23 (AP): Artillery fire and shelling from India targeted several villages and struck a passenger bus near the Saudi-led airstrikes kill 12 Yemeni civilians Experts urge Hillary to call for vote recount Iran warns of retaliation if US breaches nuclear deal Sci-tech Half of world’s population will use internet by end of 2016 Almost half of the world's population will be using the internet by the end of 2016, as mobile networks grow Customers send mobile operators on dock Citycell employees stage sit-in, 'besiege' CEO iPhone is less reliable than Android phones: Study Education Flower improves socio-economic condition of many Rajshahi poor people RAJSHAHI, Nov 23 (BSS): Many farmers in the region including Godagari Upazila of the district have attained tremendous success in cultivation of flower commercially for the last couple of years as an alternative crop. They cultivated gladiolus sticks on around 30 decimals of land in Kodomshohar, Bijoynagar, Kadipur and Amanatpur areas. Under its Second Crop Diversification Project, the Department of Agriculture Extension (DAE) extended requisite training facilities to the farmers along with tubers to encourage flower farming. Talking to the news agency, farmer ... Reclaiming rights of pedestrians A platform for newMUNers Solving the refugee crisis Sports Muktijoddha beat MSC CHITTAGONG, Nov 23 (UNB): Muktijoddha Sangsad KC defeated Dhaka Mohammedan Sporting Club by 2-0 goals in the JB Bangladesh Premier BD emerge group champions crushing Macau 13-0 BKSP Cup Archery meet begins Spurs knocked out of UCL Health Draft policy on diabetes prevention in cold storage The draft policy on diabetes prevention has been lying in cold storage with the health ministry for the past five years, experts said in Dhaka Tuesday. About 52 per cent out of the total 7.1 million diabetics in the country still remain undiagnosed and untreated as they are not aware of the disease, they said. According to the International Diabetes Federation (IDF), in Bangladesh 1,29,000 patients died in 2015 due to diabetes which is a high burden. At present, one in every 11 ... Misuse of antibiotics causes harmful impact on human health: Experts ‘Physicians need to attain people’s confidence’ Zika emergency over: WHO Entertainment Tokyo holds its first fashion show for Muslim women Models wearing an array of colourful hijabs walked down a Tokyo catwalk on Tuesday in what organisers said was the Bengal Classical Music Fest begins Thursday Zayn Malik wins AMA new artist award Wedding solutions under one roof at bridal fest Politics AL local govt nomination board meets today Awami League (AL) will hold a meeting of its Local Government Nomination Board at Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina's official residence Ganabhaban at 6:30 pm today (Thursday), reports BSS. Party President and Local Government Nomination Board President Sheikh Hasina will chair the meeting, said a press release on Wednesday. AL General Secretary and Road Transport and Bridges Minister Obaidul Quader requested all concerned to remain present at the meeting in time. ... Ganabhaban meeting breached electoral code: BNP N’ganj mayor candidate Shajahan for putting BNP, Jamaat arsonists on trial Shakhawat to run NCC mayoral race from BNP Country Khulna Bar Assoc election on November 27 KHULNA, Nov 23 (BSS): The election to the Khulna Bar Association will be held in the auditorium of the association on November 27. A total of 28 aspirants-- divided into two panels-- are vying for 14 posts of the committee of the association. Sarder Anisur Rahman Poplu, incumbent president of the association, and Bijon Krishna Mondal are contesting for the posts of president and general secretary respectively of the bar association from Awami League-backed Sammilitya Ainjibi Samannay Parishad. ... High rate lures growers in Sylhet division Peasants bring more Char lands under cotton farming in Rangpur agri zone Harvest of T-Aman going on in Gaibandha PHOTO GALLERY Detective Branch (South) members of Dhaka Metropolitan Police (DMP) arrest two suspects over theft of handbag of Netherlands’ ambassador in Dhaka and recover stolen handbag on Wednesday. –FE Photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina offers special prayers at the shrine of Hazrat Shahjalal (RA) in Sylhet on Wednesday. –PID Photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina signs the visitors’ book during flag-raising ceremony of the newly-established Headquarter 11 Infantry Brigade of Bangladesh Army at Jalalabad Cantonment in Sylhet on Wednesday. –Focus Bangla Photo A fire originated at a warehouse of ‘Colour Gas Match’ at Zerabo-Fulbagan in Savar on Tuesday. -UNB Photo State Minister for Children and Women Affairs Meher Afroz Chumki hands over Vulnerable Group Development (VGD) cards to some 2,950 women at Dashiarchhara, a former enclave, in Fulbari upazila of Kurigram on Tuesday. –UNB Photo more news Malaysia promoting 2nd home programme for Bangladeshis November 24, 2016, 12:33 am JS body highlights achievement in water management at UNSC November 24, 2016, 12:29 am HC order on ACC petition today November 24, 2016, 12:27 am Agro-based industry fails to make breakthrough in global market November 23, 2016, 9:53 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 127 ISSUES DECLINED 102 Most popular AL local govt nomination board meets today November 24, 2016, 12:28 am Khulna Bar Assoc election on November 27 November 24, 2016, 12:26 am JS body highlights achievement in water management at UNSC November 24, 2016, 12:29 am HC order on ACC petition today November 24, 2016, 12:27 am Law minister leads team to Manila Saturday November 24, 2016, 12:32 am Govt to set up separate body to coordinate SDG work November 24, 2016, 12:35 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG GENNEXT 7.20 7.90 7.30 7.90 9.72 DSSL 13.40 14.70 13.70 14.70 9.70 MIRACLEIND 42.10 45.90 42.50 45.30 7.60 FUWANGCER 15.00 16.20 15.20 16.10 7.33 KEYACOSMET 9.90 10.60 9.90 10.50 6.06 EASTERNINS 24.40 26.70 24.00 25.80 5.74 SQUARETEXT 65.30 69.40 66.20 68.80 5.36 PRAGATIINS 25.90 27.20 25.70 27.20 5.02 SHASHADNIM 57.90 61.50 57.30 60.80 5.01 PHENIXINS 22.60 24.00 22.60 23.70 4.87 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation PRIMEINSUR 16.10 18.40 16.00 18.40 14.29 REPUBLIC 16.60 18.60 16.60 18.60 12.05 GENNEXT 7.30 7.90 7.30 7.90 8.22 KEYACOSMET 9.90 10.60 9.90 10.60 7.07 GLOBALINS 13.40 14.30 13.40 14.30 6.72 DSSL 13.80 14.70 13.70 14.70 6.52 MIRACLEIND 42.80 45.90 42.50 45.50 6.31 EASTERNINS 24.00 26.70 24.00 25.50 6.25 PHENIXINS 22.60 24.00 22.60 24.00 6.20 FUWANGFOOD 12.00 12.70 12.00 12.70 5.83 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG NTLTUBES 130.00 122.90 115.60 117.50 -9.62 AMBEEPHA 435.60 420.00 391.00 403.10 -7.46 IDLC 59.10 59.30 55.70 56.60 -4.23 GHCL 39.40 39.70 37.70 37.80 -4.06 EMERALDOIL 37.20 38.00 35.30 35.70 -4.03 MONNOSTAF 565.60 578.10 530.10 543.70 -3.87 JMISMDL 166.30 164.70 159.00 160.30 -3.61 BANGAS 134.10 135.80 128.30 129.40 -3.51 NTC 697.50 704.20 665.00 676.20 -3.05 STYLECRAFT 1584.50 1620.00 1522.00 1537.30 -2.98 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation MODERNDYE 185.10 185.10 171.10 171.10 -7.56 MONNOSTAF 578.10 578.10 530.10 535.40 -7.39 STYLECRAFT 1620.00 1620.00 1522.00 1522.10 -6.04 NORTHERN 234.70 234.70 218.20 221.70 -5.54 GHCL 39.70 39.70 37.70 37.70 -5.04 RENWICKJA 605.00 605.00 575.00 576.00 -4.79 MIDASFIN 23.30 23.50 22.20 22.20 -4.72 ZEALBANGLA 17.50 17.50 16.00 16.70 -4.57 EMERALDOIL 37.70 38.00 35.30 36.00 -4.51 IMAMBUTTON 11.30 11.30 10.80 10.80 -4.43 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 2007200820092010201120122013201420152016 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved Powered by :
Menu Menu Welcome! Membership About Morningstar > Logout Login Subscribe Register Premium Site Search Search Symbols Search The Site Join Membership Home Portfolio Stocks Bonds Funds ETFs CEFs Markets Tools Personal Finance Discuss Page No Longer Available We’re sorry, this news item is no longer available on Morningstar.com. We offer news from several external newsfeed providers, and some of those providers require that news items expire from our website after a certain time period. For the latest news, please check Morningstar.com’s news archive or the News & Events section of any security’s quote page. Helpful Links Glossary Privacy Policy Premium User Agreement Free User Agreement Copyright Agreement Discuss Terms of Use Reprints Contact Us Premium Members Have questions about Premium Membership or would like to change/cancel your subscription?   Call us toll-free at 1.866.229.9449 or 1.312.384.3838 if you are calling from outside the U.S. We’re available to assist you Monday through Thursday 7am to 6pm CST and Fridays, 7am to 5pm CST. Corrections  Help  Advertising Opportunities  Licensing  MorningstarAdvisor  Glossary  RSS  Store  Careers  Company Site International Sites Australia Canada China France Germany Hong Kong Italy The Netherlands Norway Spain U.K. Switzerland India Finland Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers. © Copyright 2015 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time.
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article 3 Stocks Billionaires Are Buying A closer look at what the richest are investing in Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article 30 Sneaky Expenses You Forgot About This Holiday Season Don't get taken by surprise My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Home > Stock Market News Today's Stock Market News & Analysis Trump's FCC Appointments Cast Doubts Over Net Neutrality By Zacks.com The appointments look good for telecoms, but bad for consumers. 3 Stocks Billionaires Are Buying By Motley Fool A closer look at what the most successful money managers are buying. 5 Top Stocks Under $10 By Motley Fool Add some cheap stocks to your portfolio. Is OPEC Playing The Oil Markets Again? By Oilprice.com Oil prices moved back up closer to $50 per barrel on the sudden surge in optimism surrounding an OPEC deal. Latest News Videos Art Laffer Sees Economic Benefits i... Trades gone 'fowl': Big losers in l... Unusual activity: Aggressive buying... Hammond's Autumn Statement unpicked Latest News Health Care Sector Update for 11/23/2016: CLRB,MDGS,JUNO 11/23/2016 1:28 PM - MT Newswires Appears In: US Markets Technology Sector Update for 11/23/2016: HPE,QADA,NMBL 11/23/2016 1:21 PM - MT Newswires Appears In: Commodities House Democrats Warn of Trump's Potential Conflicts with Deutsche Bank 11/23/2016 1:21:00 PM - Dow Jones Business News Appears In: Politics Mid-Day ETF Update: ETFs, Stocks Mixed Ahead of FOMC Meeting Minutes; Wall Street Digests Mixed Economic Data 11/23/2016 1:18 PM - MT Newswires Appears In: ETFs European Equity Benchmarks Close Lower; U.K. Lowers Economic Forecast 11/23/2016 1:17 PM - MT Newswires Appears In: Stocks WSJ.com What's News - Worldwide News Briefs For Nov 23 11/23/2016 1:15:00 PM - Dow Jones Business News Appears In: US Markets GE Appliance Workers Reject Contract Offer From Chinese Owner -- Update 11/23/2016 1:11:00 PM - Dow Jones Business News Appears In: US Markets Consumer Sector Update for 11/23/2016: GME,CAL,URBN 11/23/2016 1:10 PM - MT Newswires Appears In: Commodities U.S. ECONOMIC INDICATORS: Housing Data, Latest 6 Months 11/23/2016 1:08:00 PM - Dow Jones Business News Appears In: US Markets U.S. New Home Sales-Nov 23 -2- 11/23/2016 1:06:00 PM - Dow Jones Business News Appears In: US Markets U.S. New Home Sales-Nov 23 11/23/2016 1:06:00 PM - Dow Jones Business News Appears In: US Markets Rita Barberá , ''Mayoress of Spain,'' Dies 11/23/2016 1:05:00 PM - Dow Jones Business News Appears In: US Markets Rita Barberá , 'Mayoress of Spain,' Dies 11/23/2016 1:05:00 PM - Dow Jones Business News Appears In: US Markets Baker Hughes US oil rig count 474 vs 471 prior 11/23/2016 1:01 PM - ForexLive Appears In: Forex U.S. Government Bond Selloff Resumes 11/23/2016 1:01:00 PM - Dow Jones Business News Appears In: Interest Rates 1 Way Qualcomm Inc. Is Leaving Intel Corporation in the Dust 11/23/2016 1:00 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Why PDL BioPharma Inc. Is Down 14.8% Today 11/23/2016 12:57 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Financial Sector Update for 11/23/2016: FBNK,IRS,PNNT 11/23/2016 12:53 PM - MT Newswires Appears In: Banking and loans Midday Update: Dow Anchored to Record High; Healthcare, Tech Weakness Weighs on S&P and Nasdaq 11/23/2016 12:52 PM - MT Newswires Appears In: Stocks Election Didn't Turn Off Voters to Political Memoirs 11/23/2016 12:49:00 PM - Dow Jones Business News Appears In: Politics View More Headlines Browse News by Category ETFs Mid-Day ETF Update: ETFs, Stocks Mixed Ahead of FOMC Meeting Minutes;... European Equity Benchmarks Close Lower; U.K. Lowers Economic Forecast Transportation ETFs Trek Higher More ETFs Technology 20 Things We Did Right in Our First Year as an Airbnb Host Commodities Made Simple: There's An App For That How Blockchain Can Help Reduce Money Laundering More Technology Commodities Technology Sector Update for 11/23/2016: HPE,QADA,NMBL Consumer Sector Update for 11/23/2016: GME,CAL,URBN Mid-Day Market Update: Eli Lilly Tumbles After Alzheimer's Study... More Commodities Investing ideas S&P 500 Analyst Moves: HON Don't Be Spooked, This Industry Leader Will Bounce Right Back Oversold Conditions For Globant (GLOB) More Investing ideas Today's Market Activity NASDAQ 5367.68 -18.67  ▼  0.35% DJIA 19062.29 38.42  ▲  0.20% S&P 500 2201.44 -1.50  ▼  0.07% Data as of Nov 23, 2016 | 1:44PM Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform View All Market Intelligence Stay ahead of the markets with these must-read articles How Blockchain Can Help Reduce Money Laundering Prableen Bajpai Is This Apple's Big Push into Augmented Reality? Chris Ciaccia The Invisible Hand Will Lead to the Next Recession Trevir Nath Compare Rates Mortgages Autos CDs Loan Type Rate Change APR 30 yr fixed mtg 3.95% ▲ 4.07% 15 yr fixed mtg 3.10% ▲ 3.31% 30 yr FHA mtg 3.63% ▲ 3.73% 5/1 ARM 3.36% ▲ 6.06% View rates in your area   Search   Overnight Avg Rate Latest Change 48 month new car loan 3.03% ▲ 36 month new car loan 2.86% ▲ 60 month new car loan 3.07% ▲ 36 month used car loan 3.31% ▲ 72 month new car loan 3.34% ▲ View rates in your area   Search   Overnight Avg Rate Latest Change APY 3 month CD 0.36% ▼ 6 month CD 0.74% ▲ 1 yr CD 1.17% - 5 yr CD 1.76% ▲ 1 yr jumbo CD 0.87% - View more rates   Search   Rate Data Provided by Bankrate.com Latest Articles by Martin Tillier Martin Tiller's new must-read column on the markets Enlightening. Entertaining. Every day. Only at NASDAQ.com. Three Things to Give Thanks For: The Market Version 11/23/2016 10:49 AM Oil's Rise Has Helped Stocks But Now Looks Fragile 11/22/2016 9:17 AM Week Ahead: One Market To Watch Despite The Holiday 11/21/2016 9:40 AM An Analysis of Wal-Mart (WMT)'s Earnings 11/17/2016 9:05 AM Why DryShips (DRYS) is Up Over 2500 Percent 11/16/2016 10:29 AM More Martin Tillier NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX We have a favor to ask Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St little changed; Wal-Mart up after results By Reuters Published: 10:00 EST, 18 August 2016 | Updated: 10:00 EST, 18 August 2016 e-mail By Tanya Agrawal Aug 18 (Reuters) - Wall Street was little changed in early trading on Thursday as the impact of a rise in oil prices and strong results at Wal-Mart was offset by weakness in consumer discretionary and financial stocks. Dow component Wal-Mart rose as much as 3.1 percent to $75.19 - a more than 14-month high - after the retailer posted a better-than-expected quarterly profit. The stock provided the biggest boost to the Dow and the S&P 500. Oil stocks rose as Brent crude touched $50 a barrel for the first time in six weeks after major producers prepared to discuss a possible freeze in output. U.S. crude was trading near $47. Investors also weighed up minutes of the Federal Reserve's July meeting that showed policymakers were divided over whether to raise interest rates in the near-term. Officials were generally upbeat about the U.S. economy but some expressed the need to keep their options open in the need of more data pointing to strength, the minutes showed. While traders have almost completely ruled out a hike in September, they have priced in a 41.7 percent chance for a move in December - down from 45.1 percent on Wednesday, according to CME Group's FedWatch tool. "The market has reached a comfortable level and needs a fresh catalyst to send stocks higher," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities in New York. "The Fed was less hawkish than the market had expected. They would like to get one rate hike behind them this year because they've been too low for too long." The S&P 500 has been higher in six of the last eight weeks and the market has touched new records on the back of better-than-expected corporate earnings, supportive monetary policy and a robust labor market. At 9:49 a.m. ET (1349 GMT) the Dow Jones industrial average was down 9.59 points, or 0.05 percent, at 18,564.35, the S&P 500 was down 0.48 points, or 0.02 percent, at 2,181.74 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 3.36 points, or 0.06 percent, at 5,225.30. Six of the 10 major S&P sectors were higher, with the energy index's 0.48 percent rise leading the advancers. New York Fed President William Dudley, who on Tuesday unnerved the markets by saying a rate hike was possible in September, is scheduled to give a press briefing at 10:00 a.m. San Francisco Fed President John Williams speaks on economic outlook in Anchorage, Alaska at 4:00 p.m. ET. Data showed the number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits fell more than expected last week, with initial claims for state unemployment benefits dropping to 262,000. Economists polled by Reuters had forecast claims slipping to 265,000. Twitter fell 3.6 percent to $19.44 after Evercore downgraded its stock to "sell" from "hold". Cisco was off 1.6 percent at $30.23, after the company reported a 1.6 percent drop in revenue and said it would cut jobs. Valeant Pharma's U.S.-listed shares were up 2.8 percent at $30.81 after the drugmaker said it received approval from a lender to amend its credit facility. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,641 to 977. On the Nasdaq, 1,245 issues rose and 1,006 fell. The S&P 500 index showed eight new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 26 new highs and 13 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan and Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angry and upset Justin Bieber has a heated exchange with his security team a minute after he 'punched' a fan in the face Has Brian Friedman confirmed Cheryl's 'pregnancy'? X Factor choreographer claims star is 'having a baby' with Liam Payne That's awkward... My days as a lingerie model! Kelly Brook shows off stunning figure in throwback underwear snap taken 20 years ago  Still a knockout 'Any exercise is better than no exercise': MIC's Louise Thompson gets up close and personal with trainer boyfriend Ryan Libbey in bizarre workout video Catherine Zeta-Jones, 47, sizzles in VERY plunging swimsuit with husband Michael Douglas, 72, as the pair put problems behind them for Mexican break Stuck for Christmas shopping inspo? From a rose gold private plane to an Island in the South Pacific, 10 of the most amazing presents money can buy! SPONSORED Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly and his cute son Teddy arrive in Australia as friends and family of I'm A Celeb stars prepare for the show's first eviction  'He'll never say I look fat': Sophie Kasaei shows off her curves in racy lingerie for steamy shoot with Joel Corry... as she gushes about her supportive boyfriend 'It's difficult to talk about': Mariah Carey speaks about James Packer split while putting on a VERY busty display on Ellen Very contentious split She's morphing into Kim Kardashian! Blac Chyna looks like Rob's sister with lighter makeup and long raven locks in new video Keeping up with Kim 'Have a little dignity!': Sam Faiers sparks mixed reaction from fans by sharing sweet snap of herself breastfeeding baby Paul at the table 'I've lost all respect for you': Katie Price faces fan backlash as the animal lover poses in a real raccoon fur coat padded with duck down feathers  Braless Marnie Simpson is seen out for the first time since EPIC meltdown... as she parties with Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei in very sexy mini dress 'It's not even 9pm yet!' EastEnders viewers left squirming at Whitney and Lee's pre-watershed 'cringiest sex scene ever' Uncomfortable viewing  'Happiest birthday to my favorite little angel!' Liam Hemsworth gives Miley Cyrus a quirky rainbow ring after she revealed she doesn't like her diamond Leggy blonde! Charlize Theron flaunts lean limbs in plaid mini dress as she slims down after gaining 35lbs for upcoming comedy Tully Back to her best EXCLUSIVE 'There's never a bad intention with her': MIC newcomer Julius Cowdrey says he never meant to come between Binky Felstead and her beau JP I'm A Celebrity's Scarlett Moffatt reveals she's paid off her parents' mortgage... as show bosses face accusations of 'fix' over her airtime 'I felt like a bully': Emmerdale's Gillian Kearney reveals even SHE was upset at her character's distressing scene with dementia-sufferer Ashley Cosy knitwear like Kendall or fab faux fur like Kate Moss: The snuggliest - and most stylish - ways to keep warm this winter! SPONSORED Look away, Chloe! Marty McKenna packs on the PDA with Geordie Shore newbie Elettra Lamborghini as they hit the town with his former flame Oversharing? Dancing With The Stars judge Julianne Hough posts photo of herself on the TOILET while wearing her massive ball gown Behind the scenes Who's that girl? Cristiano Ronaldo's stunning new girlfriend is a 'Spanish Gucci employee'... and she's already been invited to watch him play 'I was abused when I was EIGHT': Rebecca Ferguson reveals she was attacked in a children's home leaving her feeling 'dirty and wrong' Harry's bagged a great deal! Prince's new girlfriend Meghan Markle was once a glamorous assistant on the US version of Deal or No Deal  James Norton is back in his dog collar as he films scenes for Grantchester series three with co-star Robson Green in Cambridgeshire Sexy mama! George Clooney's ex Stacy Keibler flaunts cleavage in cut-out top while on date with millionaire husband in LA Looking good lNick and Joe Jonas' younger brother Frankie, 16, is cited for possession of marijuana in Nashville Stopped outside a store in Nashville TOWIE's Chloe Lewis enjoys dog walk with her co-stars as she films scenes for Christmas special amid Luke Pasqualino romance rumours Business before the brother-in-law? Rob Kardashian ignores Kanye West's 'psychotic break' and promote his new festive range of socks Brooklyn swoops in on pal Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull for a giggly lunch... as Madonna's son is arrested for possessing cannabis Looks like someone is getting grounded': Stony-faced Guy Ritchie steps out after son Rocco, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis Won't be impressed 'I don't understand why it is not okay to be plus-size': Size 22 model Tess Holliday says she has no problem with the phrase as she discusses baby weight  Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, 'hangs around with teens from a council estate and tries to get served in pubs,' neighbours reveal after his cannabis arrest She can't stop, and won't stop changing her hair! As Miley Cyrus celebrates turning 24, FEMAIL charts her most drastic hair make-overs Chameleon  Lauren Goodger works her poses like a pro as she flaunts her 'bigger and better' bum in skin-tight leggings before heading to a work out Her cheekiest look yet 'I've finally admitted it': Susanna Reid declares her love for Piers Morgan... as she's reunited with Bill Turnbull in 'tense' encounter on GMB sofa  Justin Bieber 'PUNCHES fan in the face and leaves him bloodied' in new violent outburst... as it's claimed 'the minor is considering suing him' Suits you! Katie Piper looks chic in an elegant teal velvet trouser suit as she opens the Ideal Home Show It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas 'You are not an honest man': Judge slams Marco Pierre-White Jr after he admits going on a £2,500 spending spree with his ex girlfriend's bank card Chloe Ferry copies her idol Kylie Jenner as she flashes double nipple piercings on night out... as her ex co-star Chantelle Connelly labels her a '2 faced ****' Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley poses NAKED in the bath... before showing off her toned bikini body in a sizzling throwback snap  Making waves Cristiano Ronaldo puts on a smitten display with stunning new girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez as he goes incognito at Disneyland Paris in a bizarre wig Adele announces two huge gigs at Wembley Stadium in 2017 as a finale to her epic world tour... after announcing plans to have another baby during break All the fun of the fair! Tamara Ecclestone takes adorable daughter Sophia for a very merry day out at Winter Wonderland Festive fun 'They are loving it!' Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield bake up a storm inside This Morning's EDIBLE gingerbread kitchen as viewers go wild 'I feel like a new man': I'm A Celebrity star Martin Roberts reveals how £6k hair transplant transformed his life   Proud of his new crowning glory Former Apprentice star Nick Hewer claims show is manipulated by producers who deliberately pick sexy contestants and those with ridiculous CVs He's got a type! Underworld director Len Wiseman steps out with beautiful brunette... who is estranged wife Kate Beckinsale's doppelgänger It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in November: Festivities come early for Sharon Osbourne and Holly Willoughby as they decorate 5 WEEKS early Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis after wealthy Primrose Hill 'neighbours complained about him smoking drugs'  'She is being amazing': Kim Kardashian 'very supportive' of husband Kanye West while in hospital... as it's claimed Paris robbery a factor in his 'mental breakdown' Uh-oh! Brooklyn Beckham, 17, can't hide his dismay as he finds a parking ticket slapped on his flashy Mercedes He'll have no problem paying Davinia Taylor auctions contents of her lavish Grade II listed Tudor home - and the incredible private collection includes works by Banksy 'I've grown up in my own skin': Rita Ora flashes her bra and toned tum in leather and faux fur as she reveals the inspiration behind her new album 'I'm not going to sit back': Leah Remini talks fighting Scientology 'bullies' with new docu-series and claims she's been followed since leaving Church Busty Rhian Sugden sheds all inhibitions as she shows off her eye-popping assets by going totally TOPLESS in sizzling video Daring to bare Cha-cha-charming! Busty Amber Rose shows off her famous curves as she returns to Dancing With The Stars with Maksim Chmerkovskiy 'How not to cut butternut squash': Viewers in shock after GBBO's Andrew Smyth almost cuts off his FINGERS while chopping vegetables on Lorraine Michelle Collins has a less than glamorous end to her evening as she has a run-in with homeless man on her way home from London event Throwing the towel-ling: Leggy Sam Faiers wears a dressing gown as a coat on a night out... after falling out with her family over LA move Not her usual gown Holy smokes! Joaquin Phoenix puffs on a cigarette as he relaxes on set with Rooney Mara during a break from playing Jesus Christ in Mary Magdalene Rosamund Pike looks pretty in a shimmering pink jumper as she discusses new film A United Kingdom on Lorraine Moving new role Olympia Valance showcases her stunning curves in sexy lace lingerie and sheer suspender and stockings in VERY revealing photo shoot Kylie Minogue and her matching fiancé Joshua Sasse give empowering message about same-sex marriage as they take to the stage at Aussie music awards Hello, is it tum-me you're looking for! Sofia Richie flashes her abs in stylish crop top as she steps out for dinner with close friend Nicole Peltz Out and about 'They got the perfect angle': John Legend blames red carpet PHOTOGRAPHERS for Chrissy Teigen's major wardrobe malfunction despite her racy dress 'Hey baby, do those legs go all the way up?' Chrissy Teigen laughs off her epic AMAs wardrobe malfunction with hilarious Family Guy meme Ellen DeGeneres comforted by Robert De Niro as she cries after receiving Presidential Medal Of Freedom at star-studded White House ceremony Phil Collins' ex buys the house next door to her for $4m MORE than asking price because she was worried it would be torn down and replaced by a mansion Newly engaged Pixie Lott shows off her incredible figure in extreme plunging green swimsuit and oversized vintage frames in Jamaica   Breast display ever! The Veronicas put on a busty display as they sing TOPLESS and covered in glitter at 2016 ARIA Awards One way to shine The Veronica's Lisa Origliasso reveals INTIMATE details about her sister's relationship with Ruby Rose...while hosting the 2016 ARIA Awards 'Multitasking!': Jeff Lewis does housework while cradling newborn daughter Monroe... as housekeeper Zoila puts her feet up Family time 'We can't get complacent!' Troye Sivan vows to keep fighting for same-sex marriage at ARIAs... as he dedicates his award to 'every LGBTQ kid'  'You just train like an absolute psycho for 20 minutes': Body Coach Joe Wicks reveals how you CAN eat what you want and get the body of your dreams Claudia Schiffer reaches out of court settlement with millionaire neighbour who sued her for cutting down two of his trees in Majorca  Is this to get rid of Ed? Strictly bosses add tricky extra dance to Saturday's show 'in plot to get comedy act Balls booted out' Has fans behind him Horrified Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman are covered in critters in I'm A Celeb task... as poisonous snake attacks camp while they sleep I'm a Celebrity... I've got this! Vicky Pattison poses with baby crocodile at an animal sanctuary... before gushing over beau John Noble in sweet snap 'What are we doing here?' Charlize Theron gets emotional in first trailer for her ex boyfriend Sean Penn's dramatic new film The Last Face  Charli XCX rated! British pop star flashes her bottom in ridiculously short white skirt as stars dare to bare on red carpet at Aussie music awards Is he single? Orlando Bloom is seen with a female friend in Malibu amid rumours he has split from girlfriend of 10 months Katy Perry In good spirits Eugenie and her very happy ring: Princess dons emoji jewellery - but still no engagement band - as she steps out with boyfriend Jack Brooksbank She's a beautiful creature! Lady Amelia Windsor shows off her wild side at the Animal Ball in a lime green feathered mask Looked royally good 'Sorry about the weird end to the show!': Ant and Dec experience awkward technical issue during live I'm A Celebrity broadcast  Cringeworthy moment James Jordan arrives Down Under to support Ola on I'm A Celebrity... as he admits he wants jungle life to get 'hardcore' for his wife Living luxury close by Shirtless Jordan Banjo displays his athletic physique and rippling abs in I'm A Celeb jungle shower... after mum speaks out on his 7st weight loss 'Is Martin okay?' Viewers voice their concern for property expert Roberts as he hilariously 'comes out' as a tree hugger on I'm A Celeb Kylie Jenner, 19, and beau Tyga, 27, smooch on camera as teen reality star throws a Friendsgiving dinner for pals Amid Kanye drama 'I had to do that as a mum!' The Duchess of Cambridge puts a comforting arm around mother as son, 13, told Kate of his struggle with autism at charity event Robbie Williams puts on a cheeky display at 2016 ARIA Awards... after admitting that despite being sober for 17 years the event might 'break him' Feeling nippy? Actress Sophie Monk suffers an unfortunate nip-slip in semi-sheer bejewelled silver frock at 2016 ARIA Awards red carpet Sheer faux pas Hitched! Corey Feldman marries girlfriend Courtney Anne in Vegas ceremony... two weeks after popping the question due to deportation fears How low can you go? Sarah Jessica Parker dares to bare in flouncy off-the-shoulder frock for Jimmy Fallon appearance Would Carrie approve? What Kanye crisis? Khloe Kardashian reunites with NBA beau Tristan Thompson in Cleveland to hand out turkey dinners Life carrying on 'Rob and his daughter make me want to cry': Kylie Jenner gushes over snaps of Dream whose mother is her boyfriend's ex One big happy family Bye-bye NY! Kourtney, Khloe and Kris rush back to LA to be with Kim and Kanye as rapper is hospitalized following 'psychiatric emergency' Kardashian clan rush back to L.A. for Kanye's 'psychiatric emergency': Doctors 'feared he'd attack cops who came to hospitalize rapper in cuffs'  Peep show! Mariah Carey flashes her cleavage in Instagram promo for Ellen DeGeneres spot Mock-flashed the camera on the show Elizabeth Hurley, 51, wows in plunging silk gown with eagle-inspired fascinator for Animal Ball... yet BFF Patrick Cox is a feathered fail in face-obscuring hat Zoo's that girl? Olivia Grant, Liz Hurley, Lily Cole and Anna Friel get wild in elaborate headgear as The Animal Ball descends on 40 venues across London Cheap thrills! Multi-millionaire Gwen Stefani shops at affordable retail chain Target with her sons One of the biggest rock stars on the planet FBI closes child abuse investigation of Brad Pitt following review of private jet incident with son Maddox and 'will not pursue further' Cleared Dolly Parton looks colourful in tight holiday inspired outfit for premiere of Christmas Of Many Colours in Tennessee Bright young thing Retail therapy! Kylie Jenner shares lingerie snap as she shops for luxury cars while Kanye West remains hospitalized Stunning Baby, it's cold outside! Jessica Biel takes one-year-old son Silas shopping for winter coats in chilly New York Made sure to be prepared for winter She's got a flare for fashion! Lady Gaga resurrects the '70s in bell bottoms and platforms while out and about in New York Retro vibe Oh deer: Danish royals Princess Mary and Prince Frederik bring their five-year-old twins to inspect slain deer at annual hunting parade  Part of their tradition Tears of terror: I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek and Jordan Banjo are overcome with emotion as stars are locked into boxes full of snakes, rats and bugs Crop at the shops! Emily Ratajkowski shows off flat stomach in skimpy top as she goes on spree in Beverly Hills More clothes than usual 'Things are really heating up': Louis Smith has been secretly 'dating Lucy Mecklenburgh lookalike and Strictly tour dancer Florence Edge' Learning from the best! Miley's little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first music video for Make Me (Cry) Her dad did have an achy breaky heart Chantelle Connelly flaunts her enviably toned body in a sexy bandeau bikini as she enjoys a day of pampering... following fiery Geordie Shore exit Real Housewives of New York star Bethenny Frankel says she's the victim of fraud and malpractice in suit over botched trust with ex Jason Hoppy  'Actually I prefer Batman': Spider-Man Tom Holland laughs off criticism from a young fan as he joins Zendaya to visit children's hospital The big cover up! Jennifer Aniston touches down in LA under a large floppy hat and coat...after talking sex toys on UK television American rapper Mos Def FINALLY allowed to leave South Africa after being detained TEN MONTHS ago for using 'World Passport' Broke immigration laws 'He's not flirty': Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly defends I'm A Celeb star against claims he's getting close to model Lisa Snowdon in the jungle Double nipple rings! Kylie Jenner slyly exposes her new piercings in sheer lace bra as she copies sister Kendall Racy shoot Free Mason! Scott Disick lets his boy off the leash as they go for casual meal together in Beverly Hills A son always sees his father of as a role model Engaged! Rapper Gucci Mane pops the question to girlfriend of six years Keyshia Ka'oir with a 25 CARAT diamond ring on NBA kiss cam 'He's an angel baby': Pregnant Ciara weeps at bedside of terminally ill toddler during hospital visit with NFL star husband Russell Wilson Overcome with emotion Carrie Fisher bundles up for the cold as she arrives at book signing... after revealing she was sent to FAT FARM to play Princess Leia in 1977's Star Wars That's one way to show support! Kourtney Kardashian arrives back in LA wearing Yeezus harem pants as Kanye West remains hospitalised Scarlet siren Myleene Klass stuns in floor-length gown as she goes hand-in-hand with boyfriend Simon Motson at star-studded Save the Children Winter Gala The seldom-seen Delevingne! Poppy rocks neon lace while spotlight-shunning sister Chloe wows in sexy plunging gown at Save the Children gala Braiding love! Leona Lewis goes make-up free with sleek dual plaits as she indulges in retail therapy in Beverly Hills She's a natural beauty Jodie Kidd shows off her slim figure in a cream laser-cut skater dress as she celebrates Fundraiser Of The Year accolade at Just Giving Awards EXCLUSIVE: Leonardo DiCaprio's model ex Kendal Lee Schuler  is pregnant with first child... after unveiling baby bump during sunbathing session Jeremy McConnell makes rare public appearance at Allied screening... days after vowing to NEVER get back with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis Kanye West gives strange interview with Surface magazine ahead of being hospitalized for exhaustion and cancelling concert dates Where are North and Saint? Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's children 'under care of nannies' amid rapper's mental health emergency 'I want to be back here!' Ireland Baldwin shares racy swimsuit snap as she waxes nostalgic over Hawaiian photoshoot Sunny climes  It's a boy! Peter Andre and his wife Emily MacDonagh are 'extremely happy' after welcoming a healthy son into their growing family Good news Anna Friel is regal in an extravagant bird headpiece and ivory gown as she joins Ellie Goulding and Princess Eugenie at The Animal Ball 2016 Pregnant Marion Cotillard masks her burgeoning baby bump in plunging black gown as she joins Allied co-star Brad Pitt at Madrid premiere SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I say, there's a Bentley in the bath! Made in Chelsea's Olivia shares a naked picture of herself Racy Make-up free Alessandra Ambrosio works up a healthy sweat as she shows off her toned tummy in a sports bra after a workout in Los Angeles November 30 Rita Ora rocks a leather jacket and ripped jeans as she makes a low-key landing into Heathrow fresh from the set of her new movie Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna 'hurls a BOTTLE at crowd of rowdy revellers' as he's jeered off stage during appearance at Newcastle nightclub Ellie the elephant! Goulding sports a lavish pom pom embellished headdress and plunging gold gown at star-studded Animal Ball 2016 in London 'I think he's exhausted': Kris Jenner talks of 'tired' Kanye West... as it's revealed rapper 'hadn't been himself for a while' before hospitalization Separate addresses? Kim Kardashian 'moved into mother Kris Jenner's Hidden Hills mansion when Kanye began his Pablo tour' What's going on? Jo Wood and burly builder ex Paul Scarborough continue to fuel rumours of romantic reunion as they get cosy while attending bash together The real stars of The Crown: No, not the actors but the 20,000 costumes designed with obsessive attention to historic detail - and cost be damned Petra Nemcova cuts a flirty figure as in a perilously plunging top and feathered skirt as she party hops in London Model behaviour Charlotte McKinney shows off her ample cleavage in high waisted jeans and skintight top as she catches a flight out of LAX Simple style So good she bought it twice! Duchess of Cambridge dazzles in £995 cocktail dress at children's charity (SAME one she wore in red on in Canada)  Are they or aren't they? Bachelor vet Ben Higgins talks wedding plans with Lauren Bushnell AFTER announcing their engagement is off Anaïs Gallagher shows off her rock chick credentials in bold neon pink shirt with studded biker jacket at Design Museum bash  Edgy style Lily Cole makes extremely rare red carpet appearance with partner Kwame Ferreira in support of The Animal Ball 2016 Date night 'My big crush was Alyssa Milano': Justin Timberlake reveals he had a poster of the Who's the Boss star on his wall as a kid during new interview  Harry's girl Meghan Markle says she wants to smash glass ceilings rather than having 'glass slippers' - even though she is dating a prince Jenni Falconer shows off her sensational curves in bold fuchsia gown as she wows at star-studded hair extensions bash Think pink 'I feel like it was our version of The Notebook': Jennifer Lawrence reveals she and BFF Emma Stone texted every day for a year Foxy Lady! Vogue Williams shows off her peachy posterior in a tiny black bikini... after 'going public with thespian beau Lawrence Fox' Back to work! Original Heathers star Shannen Doherty shares first photo on the set of the TV reboot as she continues to battle cancer Donna Air is dazzling in a pleated gold lamé gown as she joins beau James Middleton at The Animal Ball... after admitting she wants more children 'Nothing compares to you': Sofia Vergara celebrates first anniversary to Joe Manganiello with photos from their lavish wedding Is Adele's Australian tour in jeopardy? As tickets are refunded and the singer announces she is 'going to have another baby' fans begin to worry Suits you! Olga Kurylenko opts for flirty and feminine lace dress while Eva Herzigova nails masculine chic as they attend star-studded museum bash Jade Fur-wall! Little Mix singer steals the limelight from bandmates in tiny gold dress and luxurious red coat as she arrives for radio interview in Paris Hot to trot! Make-up free Kaley Cuoco leaves yoga class wearing a towel as a skirt and Uggs ahead of first Thanksgiving with equestrian beau The way we were! Shia LaBeouf swings by Jimmy Kimmel Live! where he is gifted commemorative plates depicting all his past appearances Carrie Fisher reveals she was sent to a FAT FARM before appearing in 1977's Star Wars because 'they didn't want all of me, just part of me' 'It's my embarrassment, not his!' Martine McCutcheon insists she DID vomit in Mick Hucknall's hair during disasterous date 'No one was a fan of the theme song': Jennifer Aniston reveals Friends cast disliked I'll Be There for You... as she admits dancing in fountain felt 'odd' Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian stop by Tommy Hilfiger's NYC offices day after their brother-in-law Kanye West is hospitalized Business as usual 'My dad was way more strict than my mom': Kendall Jenner shares flashback photo when Caitlyn was Bruce while revealing parenting styles 'Fading fast': Lightning McQueen crashes and flips in new teaser for Pixar's big budget upcoming animated sequel Cars 3 Coming soon Louise Redknapp jokes she's feeling the pressure to have a baby after dancing with Strictly's 'fertility king' Kevin Clifton    Takes two to tango Namaste! Jennifer Garner looks refreshed while leaving a yoga class in LA after more claims she is back with Ben Affleck Happy and healthy 'I used to resent them but now I feel extremely empowered': Anastacia reveals her mastectomy scars for the first time as she poses naked for stunning new shoot A natural! Rihanna has fun as she gets behind a long lens camera on the New York set of all-female Ocean's Eight film  Picking up tips Lostprophets singer Ian Watkins 'tweets from prison' where he is serving 35 years for hideous sex offences including trying to rape an 11-month-old baby Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Latest News Dow 19,063 +38.80 +0.20% Nasdaq 5,367 -19.48 -0.36% S&P 500 2,201 -1.71 -0.08% 1:42 P.M. ET Updated T-Mobile’s accounting slammed by investor group in letter to SEC 1:34 P.M. ET Opinion Why President-elect Trump may not be able to gut the EPA 1:29 P.M. ET Tesla’s SolarCity deal offers ‘zero value,’ Morgan Stanley says 1:28 P.M. ET Updated European stocks end topsy-turvy session slightly lower as banks decline 1:21 P.M. ET The charts say hot air is pushing these markets higher and little else 1:21 P.M. ET Bank of America's stock jumps in active trade to an 8-year high 1:18 P.M. ET Baker Hughes reports rise in weekly U.S. oil-rig count 1:11 P.M. ET Jan. WTI oil trades up 7 cents, or 0.2%, at $48.10/bbl on Nymex 1:11 P.M. ET Baker Hughes: U.S. total weekly active drilling-rig count up 5 at 593 1:11 P.M. ET Baker Hughes: U.S. weekly active oil-rig count up 3 to 474 1:09 P.M. ET Urban Outfitters earnings suggest the company is a fashion victim 1:06 P.M. ET Classic car sales lose some speed 1:00 P.M. ET Updated How an OPEC output deal could catapult U.S. producers back to stardom 12:48 P.M. ET Natural-gas futures continue higher after EIA reports 2 billion-cubic-foot fall in U.S. supplies 12:48 P.M. ET Opinion China’s economic problems will come to a head in 2017 12:42 P.M. ET Opinion This revolution will continue to hammer energy prices 12:41 P.M. ET Dec. natural gas up 5.4 cents, or 1.8%, at $3.036/mln Btus 12:41 P.M. ET Natural-gas futures continues higher as EIA reports modest fall in U.S. supplies 12:41 P.M. ET U.S. natural-gas supplies down 2 bln cubic feet last week: EIA 12:39 P.M. ET Updated Stock market’s record November shouldn’t scare off Santa Claus Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Market Snapshot Get email alerts Stocks eke out tepid gains as oil re-enters bull-market territory By Mark DeCambre Published: Aug 18, 2016 4:39 p.m. ET Share WTI crude is now up about 21% since its Aug. 2 low Bloomberg A pump jack operates in the foreground of a crude oil drilling rig outside Williston, North Dakota. By MarkDeCambre U.S. stocks on Thursday logged a modest return in a trading session marked by relatively muted moves for the main benchmarks as investors pored over a batch of upbeat economic data and digested signs that the Federal Reserve remains divided about the timing of the next interest-rate hike. A rise in oil prices, which pushed West Texas Intermediate crude trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange — the U.S. benchmark — into bull-market territory, helped nudge energy stocks up. A bull market is defined as a 20% rise from a recent low. Read: Why oil prices just stampeded into bull-market territory The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.20% rose 23.76 points, or 0.1%, at 18,597.70, with much of that gain coming within the last few minutes of the session in an up-and-down trading day. Dow component Wal-Mart Stores Inc. WMT, +0.86%  was up 1.9%, giving the blue-chip gauge a lift, while a 1.2% slide in Caterpillar Inc. CAT, +2.51% shares limited the benchmark’s advance. Wal-Mart reported better-than-expected profit and revenues on Thursday. The S&P 500 index SPX, -0.08%  was up 4.80 points, or 0.2%, to close at 2,187.02, supported by a 1.8% rally in energy shares. Seven out of the S&P 500’s 10 sectors finished in the green, with a 0.8% decline in telecommunications, limiting the run-up in oil-and-gas stocks. “If crude oil is able to sustain its gains, then this should obviously be good news for energy stocks, which could help to lift the Dow into new uncharted territories soon,” said Fawad Razaqzada, technical analyst at Forex.com. On the economic front, jobless claims last week fell by 4,000 to 262,000, representing a one-month low, and marking the 76th straight week that claims have been below 300,000. Meanwhile, the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia’s barometer of regional manufacturing activity rebounded slightly into positive territory in August. Discussing the relatively lackluster trading moves, Kim Caughey Forrest, senior portfolio manager at Fort Pitt Capital Group said, “I don’t understand why the market isn’t taking this [data] and doing something with it today.” “I don’t know what Mr. Market is waiting for,” she said Forrest said seasonally light trading volume might be contributing to what has been relatively muted trading. Meanwhile, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.36%   was up 11.49 points, or 0.2%, at 5,240.15 Other market participants believe that the market has become too focused on ultraloose monetary policy and the Fed’s moves. “The obsession with low interest rates has brainwashed investors,” said Peter Boockvar, managing director at economic advisory firm The Lindsey Group. Boockvar said the market isn’t eager for a rate increase because of weak corporate earnings and a domestic economy that has been sputtering. “I think [U.S. GDP is] going to grow at less than 2% this year and we know where earnings are going; they’re going down ’cause profit margins are shrinking,” Boockvar said. Authorities attempt to aid Louisiana flood victims(1:34) Rescue and recovery efforts are under way in southern Louisiana, days after heavy rains brought massive flooding to the region. At least 40,000 homes have been damaged and at authorities say 11 people have died. Photo: AP On Wednesday, U.S. stocks closed slightly higher, shaking off losses as minutes from the Federal Reserve’s July meeting showed that some policy makers were eager to raise rates but members were split on when and under what circumstance a rate raise would be most appropriate. Read: Fed was split in July over whether an interest-rate increase would be needed soon, minutes show On Thursday, San Francisco Fed President John Williams said he would like to see another interest rate increase “sooner rather than later.” “The broader national economy is in good shape,” Williams said in a speech prepared for delivery to a business group in Anchorage, Alaska. Movers and shakers: Wal-Mart shares climbed as the retailing heavyweight’s second-quarter earnings and same-store sales came in ahead of Wall Street’s expectations. Shares in Cisco Systems Inc. CSCO, -0.80%    fell after the maker of networking equipment late Wednesday reported better-than-expected earnings and said that it plans to cut 5,500 jobs. Shares of prison operators Corrections Corp. of America CXW, +1.81% tanked 47% and GEO Corp. Inc. GEO, +1.31%  plunged 40% on Thursday after a report said the Justice Department plans to phase out its use of privately owned facilities. Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. VRX, -4.96% shares dropped 2.7% after T. Rowe Price Group Inc. TROW, +0.04% filed suit against the Canadian drug company, alleging it was involved in “a fraudulent scheme.” Hormel Foods Corp. CSCO, -0.80% rose 1.9% after posting third-quarter profit that beat estimates. The company behind the Spam and Jennie-O brands also raised its yearly earnings forecast. Other markets: Oil futures US:CLU6  ended up, rallying more than 20% above the Aug. 2 low of $39.51 a barrel, driving it back into bull-market territory. Brent crude UK:LCOV6 pivoted up, topping $50 a barrel. Europe’s main stock benchmark SXXP, -0.07% posted gains for the first time in five sessions, while Asian markets closed mixed. Gold futures GCZ6, -1.73%  settled higher as a key dollar index DXY, +0.56% lost ground. Economic news: The Conference Board on Thursday said its index of leading economic indicators rose 0.4% in July, signaling that moderate but steady growth could continue for the remainder of 2016. Check out: MarketWatch’s Economic Calendar Among other Fed speakers, New York Fed President William Dudley on Thursday was upbeat about the outlook for jobs and growth, adding that time for a rate increase “is edging closer.” He spoke at a morning briefing for reporters at the regional Fed’s bank headquarters on Wall Street. —Victor Reklaitis contributed to this article More from MarketWatch Apple faces decade of uncertainty after next year’s iPhone 'Hamilton' Cast Delivers Message to Mike Pence Dow 19,000 is no cause for celebration Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Mark DeCambre Mark DeCambre is MarketWatch's markets editor. He is based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @mdecambre. MarketWatch Partner Center Mark DeCambre Mark DeCambre is MarketWatch's markets editor. He is based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @mdecambre. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Billionaire Ron Burkle is buyer behind Bob Hope’s iconic Palm Springs mansion View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate News Melania Trump may be right: Moving in middle of school year could mess up kids View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 19,062.71 +38.84 (+0.20%) Volume 36.8M Open 19,016 High 19,075 Low 19,000 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $70.72 +0.60 (+0.86%) Volume 4.1M Open $70.22 High $70.85 Low $70.18 P/E Ratio 15.38 Div Yield 2.83 Market Cap 216.9B Caterpillar Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CAT $95.97 +2.35 (+2.51%) Volume 4.4M Open $94.81 High $96.26 Low $94.22 P/E Ratio 55.89 Div Yield 3.2 Market Cap 54.8B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,201.24 -1.70 (-0.08%) Volume 259.0M Open 2,199 High 2,203 Low 2,195 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 5,366.87 -19.48 (-0.36%) Volume 0 Open 5,367 High 5,373 Low 5,351 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Cisco Systems Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: CSCO $29.65 -0.24 (-0.80%) Volume 13.3M Open $29.83 High $29.95 Low $29.56 P/E Ratio 14.11 Div Yield 3.51 Market Cap 150.2B CoreCivic Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CXW $22.50 +0.40 (+1.81%) Volume 1.3M Open $22.14 High $22.57 Low $21.55 P/E Ratio 12.82 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.6B GEO Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GEO $32.51 +0.42 (+1.31%) Volume 371.4K Open $32.00 High $32.61 Low $31.71 P/E Ratio 16.84 Div Yield 8 Market Cap 2.4B Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: VRX $16.95 -0.88 (-4.96%) Volume 11.8M Open $17.24 High $17.48 Low $16.76 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 8.2B T. Rowe Price Group Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: TROW $74.08 +0.03 (+0.04%) Volume 501.5K Open $73.85 High $74.47 Low $73.50 P/E Ratio 16.97 Div Yield 2.92 Market Cap 18.0B Cisco Systems Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: CSCO $29.65 -0.24 (-0.80%) Volume 13.3M Open $29.83 High $29.95 Low $29.56 P/E Ratio 14.11 Div Yield 3.51 Market Cap 150.2B : () : () STOXX Europe 600 Index EUR STOXX: SXXP 340.77 -0.25 (-0.07%) Volume 0 Open 340.77 High 341.81 Low 338.95 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Gold - Electronic Dec 2016 U.S.: Comex: GCZ6 $1,190.30 -20.90 (-1.73%) Volume 330.8K Open $1,213 High $1,215 Low $1,181 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. Dollar Index (DXY) U.S.: ICE Futures U.S.: DXY 101.57 +0.57 (+0.56%) Volume 0 Open 100.95 High 101.91 Low 100.89 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
MarketWatch Markets Stream Days Active Updates 1694 55950 Share Tweet   Markets Stream gives you a single place to follow live updates of markets moves and commentary, plus relevant insight from the web and social media. Here’s how it works. (Photo: Getty Images) Copyright ©2012 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Right Reserved ACAP ENABLED Last Updated: September 1, 9:30 AM Load More Select Content All Cancel Apply
Lifestyle People Chicken Charlie’s great Twinkie fry-off Karla PetersonContact Reporter When Charlie Boghosian heard that Hostess was bringing prepackaged deep-fried Twinkies to 4,000 Walmart stores this week, the man whose Chicken Charlie’s stand introduced San Diego County Fairgoers to the belly-busting wonders of the deep-fried Twinkie did not get his intestines in a bunch. While he may be the king of the hot-oil universe, Boghosian is a lover, not a fighter. What he loves is finding new things to fry and watching people eat them. Some of these things include Oreos, Klondike bars, bacon-wrapped pickles, s’mores and SlimFast bars. Boghosian lives to fry, and his philosophy about deep-fried food competition is the same as his philosophy about deep-fried food. Which is basically, more is better. In fact, more is best. “Here’s what comes to my mind,” Boghosian said this week. “I love this country because of our freedom to choose. You can choose to eat a deep-fried Twinkie from me. You can choose to eat a deep-fried Twinkie from somewhere else. I love it. I think it’s great.” The deep-fried Twinkie is jumping from the state fair to an oven near you. Hostess has launched packaged Deep Fried Twinkies, which are being sold at Walmart stores nationwide. Mary Altaffer The deep-fried Twinkie is jumping from the state fair to an oven near you. Hostess has launched packaged Deep Fried Twinkies, which are being sold at Walmart stores nationwide. The deep-fried Twinkie is jumping from the state fair to an oven near you. Hostess has launched packaged Deep Fried Twinkies, which are being sold at Walmart stores nationwide. (Mary Altaffer) On the day after the frozen deep-fried Twinkies made their Walmart debut, Boghosian was in his Chicken Charlie’s FryBQ restaurant on Balboa Avenue doing the thing he does most and the thing he does best. The thing he does the most this time of year is juggle, as he runs the restaurant and ferries his Chicken Charlie’s trailers from the San Diego County Fair to the Orange County Fair, to the Los Angeles County Fair, which opens Sept. 2. The thing he does best is throw weird and/or unlikely items into his fryers and see what sticks. Just a brief conversation about his fair schedule leads to the top-secret revelation that he is debuting two items at the L.A. County Fair: deep-fried hot sauce and deep-fried bacon guacamole. “They’re amazing,” Boghosian says, his green eyes gleaming. The Syrian-born kid who was crazy about his mother’s deep-fried eggplant has grown into a man who has sold Americans on the Instagram-worthy, Facebook-friendly, bucket-list ready concept of deep-fried indulgence. And it all started with a Twinkie. “When I first came to America in 1980, I went into a 7-Eleven in Massachusetts. I walked in and saw these cakes on the shelf, and I asked, ‘What is this?’ And it was my first Twinkie. The Twinkie is America to me.” His first American love was the Twinkie, but his first deep-fried success story was the Oreo. It happened sometime in the 1990s, when Boghosian was looking for an item that would distinguish his Del Mar Fairgrounds food stand from all of the food stands. Inspired by his favorite McDonald’s meal (Big Mac and an apple pie), Boghosian decided he needed a deep-fried dessert. He experimented on all manner of Hostess items, but when his brother’s package of Oreos caught his eye, he tossed a few in the fryer, and a coronary classic was born. Boghosian did not create deep-fried Twinkies (that honor goes to a Brit named Christopher Sell), and while they are among his most popular fair items, he does not sell them in his restaurant. But the idea that they were coming to freezer cases nationwide got the gears turning. He would take me into his FryBQ kitchen and show me how to make a great deep-fried Twinkie, he said, but it wouldn’t be just any deep-fried Twinkie. It would be a deep-fried Twinkie rolled in bacon, Chicken Charlie’s-style. It starts with a Twinkie right out of the box. You roll the Twinkie in dry flour, then you dunk it in batter. Then you drop it in a fryer full of bubbling 360-degree vegetable oil. Let it bob around in there for a minute (tops) until it puffs into a golden ball of sin. Take it out, drizzle it with chocolate, roll it in chopped bacon and finish it with powdered sugar. Take a bite. Admit that, yes, you might just be an evil food genius. The deep-fried Twinkie covered with chocolate, powdered sugar, and crushed bacon will be available at Chicken Charlie’s FryBQ restaurant from Aug. 19-21 only. Eduardo Contreras The deep-fried Twinkie covered with chocolate, powdered sugar, and crushed bacon will be available at Chicken Charlie’s FryBQ restaurant from Aug. 19-21 only. The deep-fried Twinkie covered with chocolate, powdered sugar, and crushed bacon will be available at Chicken Charlie’s FryBQ restaurant from Aug. 19-21 only. (Eduardo Contreras) “Oh my God, that is good,” Boghosian said of his creation, which turned out to be a singularly sublime combination of fluffy Twinkie, comfort-food grease, warm creamy filling and savory bacon, for that final nail in your dietary coffin. The deep-fried Twinkie with bacon was so good, in fact, that Boghosian decided to put it on the FryBQ menu today through Sunday. You could call it the Revenge is Sweet Special, but Boghosian won’t. The idea that corporate America would attempt to bring the fairground to your freezer does not bother him one bit. He fully intends to give this prefab treat a try, and failure is not his idea of an option. “I just hope they know what they’re doing,” he said soberly. “Because it has to taste good.” The next day, I picked up a box of Hostess Deep Fried Twinkies at the Walmart Supercenter Store in Oak Park. I baked one in the toaster oven for nine minutes, cooled it for two minutes, and regretted it almost immediately. It wasn’t terrible, but it wasn’t good, either. Where Boghosian’s Twinkie was full of flavors and textures, this one was a ball of sweet mush wrapped in a brittle shell of disappointment. It needed bacon. It needed love. It needed Charlie. Copyright © 2016, The San Diego Union-Tribune US Politics Latest Most Popular Jobs Homes Cars Customer Help Today's Paper 65°
null
ADVERTISEMENT▼ Home New York - News - Sports - Things to Do - Events - Real Estate - Weather Boston - News - Sports - Things to Do - Events Philadelphia - News - Sports - Things to Do - Events - Real Estate - Weather Latest News - National - International - Politics - Business - Science - Technology - Viral - Photos Election 2016 - Social Buzz Entertainment - Celebrities - Television - Movies - Jenna Busch - Music - Arts - Truth Facts - The Word Sports - New York - Boston - Philly - MLB - NFL - NHL - NBA - Soccer - Fantasy Sports Lifestyle - Career - Health - Fashion - Food - Dating - Home - Parenting - Education - Gadgets - Travel - Horoscope Education Games - Crossword - Sudoku - News Quiz About Metro - Advertise - Contact Us - Newsletters - Digital Edition Wall St. inches up with energy gain, Wal-Mart By Caroline Valetkevitch Wall St. inches up with energy gain, Wal-Mart By Caroline Valetkevitch ADVERTISEMENT▼ August 18 By Caroline Valetkevitch NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended up slightly on Thursday as Brent oil's rise above $50 a barrel boosted energy shares and an upbeat outlook lifted Wal-Mart <WMT.N> to a 14-month high. Wal-Mart rose 1.9 percent to end at $74.30 after the retailer reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit and raised its fiscal-year outlook. The upbeat forecast followed disappointing outlooks from Target <TGT.N> and Lowe's Companies <LOW.N> the previous day. The energy index <.SPNY> jumped 1.8 percent after Brent crude <LCOc1> topped $50 for the first time in six weeks as major producers prepared to discuss a possible output freeze. Late-session gains pushed the indexes out of flat territory where they had traded for much of the session, with the S&P 500 index up just 0.1 percent for the week so far. "With commodities rebounding and the economy remaining surprisingly resilient, with just a little bit more Fed-speak about rising interest rates, that could create a pause. On the other hand, it's been a good year, especially for value investors," said Bryant Evans, investment adviser and portfolio manager at Cozad Asset Management, in Champaign, Illinois. The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> gained 23.76 points, or 0.13 percent, to 18,597.7, the S&P 500 <.SPX> added 4.8 points, or 0.22 percent, to 2,187.02 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> rose 11.49 points, or 0.22 percent, to 5,240.15. The benchmark S&P index is up 7 percent since Dec. 31. Its recent run to record highs has been partly supported by expectations the Fed will continue to keep rates low, as well as some upbeat earnings and economic news. Data on Thursday showed the number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits fell more than expected last week. Investors expect more insight on the rate outlook at an annual meeting of central bankers from around the world in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, next week. Among the day's decliners, the telecommunications index <.SPLRCL> fell 0.8 percent, leading sector losses. Cisco <CSCO.O> shares fell 0.8 percent to $30.48 after the network equipment provider said it would cut 5,500 jobs and gave a disappointing forecast. NetApp <NTAP.O> jumped 17.4 percent to $33.88 after its quarterly results beat expectations. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.39-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 19 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 27 new lows. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.39-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 19 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 27 new lows. About 5.9 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.4 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days, according to Thomson Reuters data. (Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Dan Grebler) Related Links The Gardner Museum's 'Composite Landscapes' exhibit looks at the art of landscaping - Metro.us Tori Stafford's family says they have 'suspicions' about composite sketch Fashion with a Capital F: SUNO - Metro.us U.S. Rep. Chaka Fattah's son's luxury home raided Show Comments   ADVERTISEMENT▼ Business After Barroso row, Juncker proposes tighter EU ethics rules/_internal/cimg!0/ql00su4o0qtezt0g90kungejo74hu36/LYNXMPECAM1BX.jpeg 1:39 pm By Alastair Macdonald BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission has proposed... Politics Elton John denies he will play at Trump inauguration/_internal/cimg!0/qw1up96suz6ohu6sqwroj93ergcx64r/LYNXMPECAM1BQ.jpeg 1:33 pm (Reuters) - Britain's Sir Elton John will not perform at the inauguration of Donald... Sports NHL rookie diary: Why Flyers' Travis Konecny is thankful/_internal/cimg!0/rqss8ax1niztkqmbboa1ib4vfbei8lq/GettyImages-614926184.jpeg Yesterday 1:40 pm Canadians celebrate Thanksgiving, but not on the same as day as those in the states... Politics Trump taps Michigan Republican DeVos for education secretary: reports/_internal/cimg!0/g0ea6yftuenm5orbevoc06l2v3kbd7r/LYNXMPECAM1B5.jpeg 1:20 pm WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has tapped... Entertainment No, Elton John will NOT be Trump's gay friend at the inauguration/_internal/cimg!0/lnujrh90hxe2b4xesdsfmbm339aclpm/ENT_EltonJohn_1123%20for%20web.jpeg 1:23 pm Don’t you hate when someone uses this rhetoric: I can’t be homophobic, I... Politics Haley lends Trump team diversity but little diplomatic heft 1:04 pm WASHINGTON (Reuters) - By picking fellow Republican South Carolina Governor... International West voices growing concern at Myanmar's handling of crisis: sources/_internal/cimg!0/78pb0dixl5t51iaio4zekj98fg82dm6/LYNXMPECAM1AC.jpeg 1:00 pm By Antoni Slodkowski and Michelle Nichols YANGON/UNITED NATIONS... Business UK must avoid post-Brexit banking barriers to EU: Business Secretary/_internal/cimg!0/pssr0i72rgdhx0yxqivm2m3ru8clwf8/LYNXMPECAM19Z.jpeg 12:50 pm By William James LONDON (Reuters) - A Brexit deal that weakens London's... Photos Turkeys gone wild in Boston/_internal/cimg!0/7pqfcuxem98x5c5win1bzm56186u7ob/unspecified-3.jpeg 10Photos 1:43 pm It was the last hurrah for a gang of turkeys roaming Brookline early Wednesday morning. The indiginous birds... International Peru slams U.N. agency for hiring former first lady under investigation/_internal/cimg!0/31n56vad66oiyfjuid74699f4t9fwix/LYNXMPECAM19T.jpeg 12:43 pm LIMA (Reuters) - Peru rebuked the United Nations Food and... Advertise with Metro! Apps - FB: BOS NYC PHL US Twitter: BOS NYC PHL  US Insta: BOS NYC PHL Newsletters Print Edition: BOS NYC PHL © Copyright 2016 Metro International - All rights reserved ADVERTISEMENT▼
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St inches up with energy gain, Wal-Mart By Reuters Published: 16:43 EST, 18 August 2016 | Updated: 16:43 EST, 18 August 2016 e-mail By Caroline Valetkevitch NEW YORK, Aug 18 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended up slightly on Thursday as Brent oil's rise above $50 a barrel boosted energy shares and an upbeat outlook lifted Wal-Mart to a 14-month high. Wal-Mart rose 1.9 percent to end at $74.30 after the retailer reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit and raised its fiscal-year outlook. The upbeat forecast followed disappointing outlooks from Target and Lowe's Companies the previous day. The energy index jumped 1.8 percent after Brent crude topped $50 for the first time in six weeks as major producers prepared to discuss a possible output freeze. Late-session gains pushed the indexes out of flat territory where they had traded for much of the session, with the S&P 500 index up just 0.1 percent for the week so far. "With commodities rebounding and the economy remaining surprisingly resilient, with just a little bit more Fed-speak about rising interest rates, that could create a pause. On the other hand, it's been a good year, especially for value investors," said Bryant Evans, investment adviser and portfolio manager at Cozad Asset Management, in Champaign, Illinois. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 23.76 points, or 0.13 percent, to 18,597.7, the S&P 500 added 4.8 points, or 0.22 percent, to 2,187.02 and the Nasdaq Composite rose 11.49 points, or 0.22 percent, to 5,240.15. The benchmark S&P index is up 7 percent since Dec. 31. Its recent run to record highs has been partly supported by expectations the Fed will continue to keep rates low, as well as some upbeat earnings and economic news. Data on Thursday showed the number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits fell more than expected last week. Investors expect more insight on the rate outlook at an annual meeting of central bankers from around the world in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, next week. Among the day's decliners, the telecommunications index fell 0.8 percent, leading sector losses. Cisco shares fell 0.8 percent to $30.48 after the network equipment provider said it would cut 5,500 jobs and gave a disappointing forecast. NetApp jumped 17.4 percent to $33.88 after its quarterly results beat expectations. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.39-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 19 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 27 new lows. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.39-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 19 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 27 new lows. About 5.9 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.4 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days, according to Thomson Reuters data. (Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Dan Grebler) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angry and upset Justin Bieber has a heated exchange with his security team a minute after he 'punched' a fan in the face Has Brian Friedman confirmed Cheryl's 'pregnancy'? X Factor choreographer claims star is 'having a baby' with Liam Payne That's awkward... My days as a lingerie model! Kelly Brook shows off stunning figure in throwback underwear snap taken 20 years ago  Still a knockout 'Any exercise is better than no exercise': MIC's Louise Thompson gets up close and personal with trainer boyfriend Ryan Libbey in bizarre workout video Catherine Zeta-Jones, 47, sizzles in VERY plunging swimsuit with husband Michael Douglas, 72, as the pair put problems behind them for Mexican break Stuck for Christmas shopping inspo? From a rose gold private plane to an Island in the South Pacific, 10 of the most amazing presents money can buy! SPONSORED Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly and his cute son Teddy arrive in Australia as friends and family of I'm A Celeb stars prepare for the show's first eviction  'He'll never say I look fat': Sophie Kasaei shows off her curves in racy lingerie for steamy shoot with Joel Corry... as she gushes about her supportive boyfriend 'It's difficult to talk about': Mariah Carey speaks about James Packer split while putting on a VERY busty display on Ellen Very contentious split She's morphing into Kim Kardashian! Blac Chyna looks like Rob's sister with lighter makeup and long raven locks in new video Keeping up with Kim 'Have a little dignity!': Sam Faiers sparks mixed reaction from fans by sharing sweet snap of herself breastfeeding baby Paul at the table 'I've lost all respect for you': Katie Price faces fan backlash as the animal lover poses in a real raccoon fur coat padded with duck down feathers  Braless Marnie Simpson is seen out for the first time since EPIC meltdown... as she parties with Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei in very sexy mini dress 'It's not even 9pm yet!' EastEnders viewers left squirming at Whitney and Lee's pre-watershed 'cringiest sex scene ever' Uncomfortable viewing  'Happiest birthday to my favorite little angel!' Liam Hemsworth gives Miley Cyrus a quirky rainbow ring after she revealed she doesn't like her diamond Leggy blonde! Charlize Theron flaunts lean limbs in plaid mini dress as she slims down after gaining 35lbs for upcoming comedy Tully Back to her best EXCLUSIVE 'There's never a bad intention with her': MIC newcomer Julius Cowdrey says he never meant to come between Binky Felstead and her beau JP I'm A Celebrity's Scarlett Moffatt reveals she's paid off her parents' mortgage... as show bosses face accusations of 'fix' over her airtime 'I felt like a bully': Emmerdale's Gillian Kearney reveals even SHE was upset at her character's distressing scene with dementia-sufferer Ashley Cosy knitwear like Kendall or fab faux fur like Kate Moss: The snuggliest - and most stylish - ways to keep warm this winter! SPONSORED Look away, Chloe! Marty McKenna packs on the PDA with Geordie Shore newbie Elettra Lamborghini as they hit the town with his former flame Oversharing? Dancing With The Stars judge Julianne Hough posts photo of herself on the TOILET while wearing her massive ball gown Behind the scenes Who's that girl? Cristiano Ronaldo's stunning new girlfriend is a 'Spanish Gucci employee'... and she's already been invited to watch him play 'I was abused when I was EIGHT': Rebecca Ferguson reveals she was attacked in a children's home leaving her feeling 'dirty and wrong' Harry's bagged a great deal! Prince's new girlfriend Meghan Markle was once a glamorous assistant on the US version of Deal or No Deal  James Norton is back in his dog collar as he films scenes for Grantchester series three with co-star Robson Green in Cambridgeshire Sexy mama! George Clooney's ex Stacy Keibler flaunts cleavage in cut-out top while on date with millionaire husband in LA Looking good lNick and Joe Jonas' younger brother Frankie, 16, is cited for possession of marijuana in Nashville Stopped outside a store in Nashville TOWIE's Chloe Lewis enjoys dog walk with her co-stars as she films scenes for Christmas special amid Luke Pasqualino romance rumours Business before the brother-in-law? Rob Kardashian ignores Kanye West's 'psychotic break' and promote his new festive range of socks Brooklyn swoops in on pal Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull for a giggly lunch... as Madonna's son is arrested for possessing cannabis Looks like someone is getting grounded': Stony-faced Guy Ritchie steps out after son Rocco, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis Won't be impressed 'I don't understand why it is not okay to be plus-size': Size 22 model Tess Holliday says she has no problem with the phrase as she discusses baby weight  Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, 'hangs around with teens from a council estate and tries to get served in pubs,' neighbours reveal after his cannabis arrest She can't stop, and won't stop changing her hair! As Miley Cyrus celebrates turning 24, FEMAIL charts her most drastic hair make-overs Chameleon  Lauren Goodger works her poses like a pro as she flaunts her 'bigger and better' bum in skin-tight leggings before heading to a work out Her cheekiest look yet 'I've finally admitted it': Susanna Reid declares her love for Piers Morgan... as she's reunited with Bill Turnbull in 'tense' encounter on GMB sofa  Justin Bieber 'PUNCHES fan in the face and leaves him bloodied' in new violent outburst... as it's claimed 'the minor is considering suing him' Suits you! Katie Piper looks chic in an elegant teal velvet trouser suit as she opens the Ideal Home Show It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas 'You are not an honest man': Judge slams Marco Pierre-White Jr after he admits going on a £2,500 spending spree with his ex girlfriend's bank card Chloe Ferry copies her idol Kylie Jenner as she flashes double nipple piercings on night out... as her ex co-star Chantelle Connelly labels her a '2 faced ****' Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley poses NAKED in the bath... before showing off her toned bikini body in a sizzling throwback snap  Making waves Cristiano Ronaldo puts on a smitten display with stunning new girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez as he goes incognito at Disneyland Paris in a bizarre wig Adele announces two huge gigs at Wembley Stadium in 2017 as a finale to her epic world tour... after announcing plans to have another baby during break All the fun of the fair! Tamara Ecclestone takes adorable daughter Sophia for a very merry day out at Winter Wonderland Festive fun 'They are loving it!' Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield bake up a storm inside This Morning's EDIBLE gingerbread kitchen as viewers go wild 'I feel like a new man': I'm A Celebrity star Martin Roberts reveals how £6k hair transplant transformed his life   Proud of his new crowning glory Former Apprentice star Nick Hewer claims show is manipulated by producers who deliberately pick sexy contestants and those with ridiculous CVs He's got a type! Underworld director Len Wiseman steps out with beautiful brunette... who is estranged wife Kate Beckinsale's doppelgänger It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in November: Festivities come early for Sharon Osbourne and Holly Willoughby as they decorate 5 WEEKS early Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis after wealthy Primrose Hill 'neighbours complained about him smoking drugs'  'She is being amazing': Kim Kardashian 'very supportive' of husband Kanye West while in hospital... as it's claimed Paris robbery a factor in his 'mental breakdown' Uh-oh! Brooklyn Beckham, 17, can't hide his dismay as he finds a parking ticket slapped on his flashy Mercedes He'll have no problem paying Davinia Taylor auctions contents of her lavish Grade II listed Tudor home - and the incredible private collection includes works by Banksy 'I've grown up in my own skin': Rita Ora flashes her bra and toned tum in leather and faux fur as she reveals the inspiration behind her new album 'I'm not going to sit back': Leah Remini talks fighting Scientology 'bullies' with new docu-series and claims she's been followed since leaving Church Busty Rhian Sugden sheds all inhibitions as she shows off her eye-popping assets by going totally TOPLESS in sizzling video Daring to bare Cha-cha-charming! Busty Amber Rose shows off her famous curves as she returns to Dancing With The Stars with Maksim Chmerkovskiy 'How not to cut butternut squash': Viewers in shock after GBBO's Andrew Smyth almost cuts off his FINGERS while chopping vegetables on Lorraine Michelle Collins has a less than glamorous end to her evening as she has a run-in with homeless man on her way home from London event Throwing the towel-ling: Leggy Sam Faiers wears a dressing gown as a coat on a night out... after falling out with her family over LA move Not her usual gown Holy smokes! Joaquin Phoenix puffs on a cigarette as he relaxes on set with Rooney Mara during a break from playing Jesus Christ in Mary Magdalene Rosamund Pike looks pretty in a shimmering pink jumper as she discusses new film A United Kingdom on Lorraine Moving new role Olympia Valance showcases her stunning curves in sexy lace lingerie and sheer suspender and stockings in VERY revealing photo shoot Kylie Minogue and her matching fiancé Joshua Sasse give empowering message about same-sex marriage as they take to the stage at Aussie music awards Hello, is it tum-me you're looking for! Sofia Richie flashes her abs in stylish crop top as she steps out for dinner with close friend Nicole Peltz Out and about 'They got the perfect angle': John Legend blames red carpet PHOTOGRAPHERS for Chrissy Teigen's major wardrobe malfunction despite her racy dress 'Hey baby, do those legs go all the way up?' Chrissy Teigen laughs off her epic AMAs wardrobe malfunction with hilarious Family Guy meme Ellen DeGeneres comforted by Robert De Niro as she cries after receiving Presidential Medal Of Freedom at star-studded White House ceremony Phil Collins' ex buys the house next door to her for $4m MORE than asking price because she was worried it would be torn down and replaced by a mansion Newly engaged Pixie Lott shows off her incredible figure in extreme plunging green swimsuit and oversized vintage frames in Jamaica   Breast display ever! The Veronicas put on a busty display as they sing TOPLESS and covered in glitter at 2016 ARIA Awards One way to shine The Veronica's Lisa Origliasso reveals INTIMATE details about her sister's relationship with Ruby Rose...while hosting the 2016 ARIA Awards 'Multitasking!': Jeff Lewis does housework while cradling newborn daughter Monroe... as housekeeper Zoila puts her feet up Family time 'We can't get complacent!' Troye Sivan vows to keep fighting for same-sex marriage at ARIAs... as he dedicates his award to 'every LGBTQ kid'  'You just train like an absolute psycho for 20 minutes': Body Coach Joe Wicks reveals how you CAN eat what you want and get the body of your dreams Claudia Schiffer reaches out of court settlement with millionaire neighbour who sued her for cutting down two of his trees in Majorca  Is this to get rid of Ed? Strictly bosses add tricky extra dance to Saturday's show 'in plot to get comedy act Balls booted out' Has fans behind him Horrified Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman are covered in critters in I'm A Celeb task... as poisonous snake attacks camp while they sleep I'm a Celebrity... I've got this! Vicky Pattison poses with baby crocodile at an animal sanctuary... before gushing over beau John Noble in sweet snap 'What are we doing here?' Charlize Theron gets emotional in first trailer for her ex boyfriend Sean Penn's dramatic new film The Last Face  Charli XCX rated! British pop star flashes her bottom in ridiculously short white skirt as stars dare to bare on red carpet at Aussie music awards Is he single? Orlando Bloom is seen with a female friend in Malibu amid rumours he has split from girlfriend of 10 months Katy Perry In good spirits Eugenie and her very happy ring: Princess dons emoji jewellery - but still no engagement band - as she steps out with boyfriend Jack Brooksbank She's a beautiful creature! Lady Amelia Windsor shows off her wild side at the Animal Ball in a lime green feathered mask Looked royally good 'Sorry about the weird end to the show!': Ant and Dec experience awkward technical issue during live I'm A Celebrity broadcast  Cringeworthy moment James Jordan arrives Down Under to support Ola on I'm A Celebrity... as he admits he wants jungle life to get 'hardcore' for his wife Living luxury close by Shirtless Jordan Banjo displays his athletic physique and rippling abs in I'm A Celeb jungle shower... after mum speaks out on his 7st weight loss 'Is Martin okay?' Viewers voice their concern for property expert Roberts as he hilariously 'comes out' as a tree hugger on I'm A Celeb Kylie Jenner, 19, and beau Tyga, 27, smooch on camera as teen reality star throws a Friendsgiving dinner for pals Amid Kanye drama 'I had to do that as a mum!' The Duchess of Cambridge puts a comforting arm around mother as son, 13, told Kate of his struggle with autism at charity event Robbie Williams puts on a cheeky display at 2016 ARIA Awards... after admitting that despite being sober for 17 years the event might 'break him' Feeling nippy? Actress Sophie Monk suffers an unfortunate nip-slip in semi-sheer bejewelled silver frock at 2016 ARIA Awards red carpet Sheer faux pas Hitched! Corey Feldman marries girlfriend Courtney Anne in Vegas ceremony... two weeks after popping the question due to deportation fears How low can you go? Sarah Jessica Parker dares to bare in flouncy off-the-shoulder frock for Jimmy Fallon appearance Would Carrie approve? What Kanye crisis? Khloe Kardashian reunites with NBA beau Tristan Thompson in Cleveland to hand out turkey dinners Life carrying on 'Rob and his daughter make me want to cry': Kylie Jenner gushes over snaps of Dream whose mother is her boyfriend's ex One big happy family Bye-bye NY! Kourtney, Khloe and Kris rush back to LA to be with Kim and Kanye as rapper is hospitalized following 'psychiatric emergency' Kardashian clan rush back to L.A. for Kanye's 'psychiatric emergency': Doctors 'feared he'd attack cops who came to hospitalize rapper in cuffs'  Peep show! Mariah Carey flashes her cleavage in Instagram promo for Ellen DeGeneres spot Mock-flashed the camera on the show Elizabeth Hurley, 51, wows in plunging silk gown with eagle-inspired fascinator for Animal Ball... yet BFF Patrick Cox is a feathered fail in face-obscuring hat Zoo's that girl? Olivia Grant, Liz Hurley, Lily Cole and Anna Friel get wild in elaborate headgear as The Animal Ball descends on 40 venues across London Cheap thrills! Multi-millionaire Gwen Stefani shops at affordable retail chain Target with her sons One of the biggest rock stars on the planet FBI closes child abuse investigation of Brad Pitt following review of private jet incident with son Maddox and 'will not pursue further' Cleared Dolly Parton looks colourful in tight holiday inspired outfit for premiere of Christmas Of Many Colours in Tennessee Bright young thing Retail therapy! Kylie Jenner shares lingerie snap as she shops for luxury cars while Kanye West remains hospitalized Stunning Baby, it's cold outside! Jessica Biel takes one-year-old son Silas shopping for winter coats in chilly New York Made sure to be prepared for winter She's got a flare for fashion! Lady Gaga resurrects the '70s in bell bottoms and platforms while out and about in New York Retro vibe Oh deer: Danish royals Princess Mary and Prince Frederik bring their five-year-old twins to inspect slain deer at annual hunting parade  Part of their tradition Tears of terror: I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek and Jordan Banjo are overcome with emotion as stars are locked into boxes full of snakes, rats and bugs Crop at the shops! Emily Ratajkowski shows off flat stomach in skimpy top as she goes on spree in Beverly Hills More clothes than usual 'Things are really heating up': Louis Smith has been secretly 'dating Lucy Mecklenburgh lookalike and Strictly tour dancer Florence Edge' Learning from the best! Miley's little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first music video for Make Me (Cry) Her dad did have an achy breaky heart Chantelle Connelly flaunts her enviably toned body in a sexy bandeau bikini as she enjoys a day of pampering... following fiery Geordie Shore exit Real Housewives of New York star Bethenny Frankel says she's the victim of fraud and malpractice in suit over botched trust with ex Jason Hoppy  'Actually I prefer Batman': Spider-Man Tom Holland laughs off criticism from a young fan as he joins Zendaya to visit children's hospital The big cover up! Jennifer Aniston touches down in LA under a large floppy hat and coat...after talking sex toys on UK television American rapper Mos Def FINALLY allowed to leave South Africa after being detained TEN MONTHS ago for using 'World Passport' Broke immigration laws 'He's not flirty': Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly defends I'm A Celeb star against claims he's getting close to model Lisa Snowdon in the jungle Double nipple rings! Kylie Jenner slyly exposes her new piercings in sheer lace bra as she copies sister Kendall Racy shoot Free Mason! Scott Disick lets his boy off the leash as they go for casual meal together in Beverly Hills A son always sees his father of as a role model Engaged! Rapper Gucci Mane pops the question to girlfriend of six years Keyshia Ka'oir with a 25 CARAT diamond ring on NBA kiss cam 'He's an angel baby': Pregnant Ciara weeps at bedside of terminally ill toddler during hospital visit with NFL star husband Russell Wilson Overcome with emotion Carrie Fisher bundles up for the cold as she arrives at book signing... after revealing she was sent to FAT FARM to play Princess Leia in 1977's Star Wars That's one way to show support! Kourtney Kardashian arrives back in LA wearing Yeezus harem pants as Kanye West remains hospitalised Scarlet siren Myleene Klass stuns in floor-length gown as she goes hand-in-hand with boyfriend Simon Motson at star-studded Save the Children Winter Gala The seldom-seen Delevingne! Poppy rocks neon lace while spotlight-shunning sister Chloe wows in sexy plunging gown at Save the Children gala Braiding love! Leona Lewis goes make-up free with sleek dual plaits as she indulges in retail therapy in Beverly Hills She's a natural beauty Jodie Kidd shows off her slim figure in a cream laser-cut skater dress as she celebrates Fundraiser Of The Year accolade at Just Giving Awards EXCLUSIVE: Leonardo DiCaprio's model ex Kendal Lee Schuler  is pregnant with first child... after unveiling baby bump during sunbathing session Jeremy McConnell makes rare public appearance at Allied screening... days after vowing to NEVER get back with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis Kanye West gives strange interview with Surface magazine ahead of being hospitalized for exhaustion and cancelling concert dates Where are North and Saint? Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's children 'under care of nannies' amid rapper's mental health emergency 'I want to be back here!' Ireland Baldwin shares racy swimsuit snap as she waxes nostalgic over Hawaiian photoshoot Sunny climes  It's a boy! Peter Andre and his wife Emily MacDonagh are 'extremely happy' after welcoming a healthy son into their growing family Good news Anna Friel is regal in an extravagant bird headpiece and ivory gown as she joins Ellie Goulding and Princess Eugenie at The Animal Ball 2016 Pregnant Marion Cotillard masks her burgeoning baby bump in plunging black gown as she joins Allied co-star Brad Pitt at Madrid premiere SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I say, there's a Bentley in the bath! Made in Chelsea's Olivia shares a naked picture of herself Racy Make-up free Alessandra Ambrosio works up a healthy sweat as she shows off her toned tummy in a sports bra after a workout in Los Angeles November 30 Rita Ora rocks a leather jacket and ripped jeans as she makes a low-key landing into Heathrow fresh from the set of her new movie Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna 'hurls a BOTTLE at crowd of rowdy revellers' as he's jeered off stage during appearance at Newcastle nightclub Ellie the elephant! Goulding sports a lavish pom pom embellished headdress and plunging gold gown at star-studded Animal Ball 2016 in London 'I think he's exhausted': Kris Jenner talks of 'tired' Kanye West... as it's revealed rapper 'hadn't been himself for a while' before hospitalization Separate addresses? Kim Kardashian 'moved into mother Kris Jenner's Hidden Hills mansion when Kanye began his Pablo tour' What's going on? Jo Wood and burly builder ex Paul Scarborough continue to fuel rumours of romantic reunion as they get cosy while attending bash together The real stars of The Crown: No, not the actors but the 20,000 costumes designed with obsessive attention to historic detail - and cost be damned Petra Nemcova cuts a flirty figure as in a perilously plunging top and feathered skirt as she party hops in London Model behaviour Charlotte McKinney shows off her ample cleavage in high waisted jeans and skintight top as she catches a flight out of LAX Simple style So good she bought it twice! Duchess of Cambridge dazzles in £995 cocktail dress at children's charity (SAME one she wore in red on in Canada)  Are they or aren't they? Bachelor vet Ben Higgins talks wedding plans with Lauren Bushnell AFTER announcing their engagement is off Anaïs Gallagher shows off her rock chick credentials in bold neon pink shirt with studded biker jacket at Design Museum bash  Edgy style Lily Cole makes extremely rare red carpet appearance with partner Kwame Ferreira in support of The Animal Ball 2016 Date night 'My big crush was Alyssa Milano': Justin Timberlake reveals he had a poster of the Who's the Boss star on his wall as a kid during new interview  Harry's girl Meghan Markle says she wants to smash glass ceilings rather than having 'glass slippers' - even though she is dating a prince Jenni Falconer shows off her sensational curves in bold fuchsia gown as she wows at star-studded hair extensions bash Think pink 'I feel like it was our version of The Notebook': Jennifer Lawrence reveals she and BFF Emma Stone texted every day for a year Foxy Lady! Vogue Williams shows off her peachy posterior in a tiny black bikini... after 'going public with thespian beau Lawrence Fox' Back to work! Original Heathers star Shannen Doherty shares first photo on the set of the TV reboot as she continues to battle cancer Donna Air is dazzling in a pleated gold lamé gown as she joins beau James Middleton at The Animal Ball... after admitting she wants more children 'Nothing compares to you': Sofia Vergara celebrates first anniversary to Joe Manganiello with photos from their lavish wedding Is Adele's Australian tour in jeopardy? As tickets are refunded and the singer announces she is 'going to have another baby' fans begin to worry Suits you! Olga Kurylenko opts for flirty and feminine lace dress while Eva Herzigova nails masculine chic as they attend star-studded museum bash Jade Fur-wall! Little Mix singer steals the limelight from bandmates in tiny gold dress and luxurious red coat as she arrives for radio interview in Paris Hot to trot! Make-up free Kaley Cuoco leaves yoga class wearing a towel as a skirt and Uggs ahead of first Thanksgiving with equestrian beau The way we were! Shia LaBeouf swings by Jimmy Kimmel Live! where he is gifted commemorative plates depicting all his past appearances Carrie Fisher reveals she was sent to a FAT FARM before appearing in 1977's Star Wars because 'they didn't want all of me, just part of me' 'It's my embarrassment, not his!' Martine McCutcheon insists she DID vomit in Mick Hucknall's hair during disasterous date 'No one was a fan of the theme song': Jennifer Aniston reveals Friends cast disliked I'll Be There for You... as she admits dancing in fountain felt 'odd' Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian stop by Tommy Hilfiger's NYC offices day after their brother-in-law Kanye West is hospitalized Business as usual 'My dad was way more strict than my mom': Kendall Jenner shares flashback photo when Caitlyn was Bruce while revealing parenting styles 'Fading fast': Lightning McQueen crashes and flips in new teaser for Pixar's big budget upcoming animated sequel Cars 3 Coming soon Louise Redknapp jokes she's feeling the pressure to have a baby after dancing with Strictly's 'fertility king' Kevin Clifton    Takes two to tango Namaste! Jennifer Garner looks refreshed while leaving a yoga class in LA after more claims she is back with Ben Affleck Happy and healthy 'I used to resent them but now I feel extremely empowered': Anastacia reveals her mastectomy scars for the first time as she poses naked for stunning new shoot A natural! Rihanna has fun as she gets behind a long lens camera on the New York set of all-female Ocean's Eight film  Picking up tips Lostprophets singer Ian Watkins 'tweets from prison' where he is serving 35 years for hideous sex offences including trying to rape an 11-month-old baby Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Search WGMD 45 F Rehoboth Beach, DE Wednesday, November 23, 2016 LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Home Fox News Fox Business News What Happened in the Stock Market Today Fox News Fox Business News What Happened in the Stock Market Today By Demitrios Kalogeropoulos - November 17, 2016 51 Stocks rose on Thursday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average(DJINDICES: ^DJI)ticking higher into record territory as the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) index finished up nearly 0.5%. Continue Reading Below Today’s stock market: Index Percentage change Point change Dow 0.19% 35.68 S&P 500 0.47% 10.18 Data source: Yahoo Finance. More From Fool.com Financial stocks resumed their stunning post-election rally as the Financial Sector Select SPDR Fund (NYSEMKT: XLF) rose 1% to reach a 13% spike over just the past week. As for major ETF losers, the volatile Direxion Daily Gold Miners Bull 3X ETF(NYSEMKT: NUGT) sank by 4% as gold prices slipped. Meanwhile,Best Buy(NYSE: BBY) and Cisco(NASDAQ: CSCO) posted significant swings following their quarterly earnings announcements. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Best Buy Best Buy shares rallied 14% after the company revealed improving business trends heading into the biggest retailing quarter of the year. Comparable-store sales increased 2%, for a decent acceleration over the prior quarter’s 1% uptick. The retailer also managed much faster earnings growth as operating profit margin jumped to 4% of sales from 3% last year. “We are pleased to report today growth on both our top and bottom lines,” CEO Hubert Joly said in a press release. Image source: Getty Images. Innovation in the consumer-electronics space helped push customer traffic higher, with leading product categories including home theater, mobile phones, and wearable tech. Gains in those areas were offset by a continued slump in video gaming. Best Buy held the line on prices, and that discipline helped gross profit margin expand to 24.7% of sales, from 24.1%. The company soundly beat its own earnings guidance, logging non-GAAP profit of $0.62 per share compared to the $0.45 per share it forecast back in August. Looking ahead, Joly and his team see innovation continuing to drive customers to its stores over the holidays. Sales growth is likely to stay uncomfortably close to zero, though. Still, executives aim to hit that steady figure while significantly scaling back on promotions. If it works, the strategy should result in non-GAAP earnings of as high as $3.30 per share for the full year, or 19% higher than fiscal 2016. Cisco Cisco was the biggest loser on the Dow, dropping 5% following the tech giant’s fiscal first-quarter results. As expected, revenue ticked up by 1%, and gross margin was 64% for a slight increase over the prior quarter. Image source: Getty Images. Management highlighted strong growth in the routing, security, and service segments that together offset declines in major categories, including switches and collaboration hardware. The U.S. geography was Cisco’s weakest as clients continued to defer their major IT spending projects. “We had a good quarter despite a challenging global business environment and we performed well in our priority areas,” CEO Chuck Robbins said. Cisco sees those challenges continuing into the current quarter, which is typically when many large clients set their budget for the coming calendar year. Robbins and his team see revenue declining by as much as 4% as gross margin ticks down to 63% of sales. These figures translate into non-GAAPearnings of $0.56 per share, below consensus estimates of $0.59 per share. While only a slight miss, the downbeat forecast was enough to send shares lower for what remains one of the Dow’s best-performing stocks in 2016. 10 stocks we like better than Cisco Systems When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Cisco Systems wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of November 7, 2016 Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Cisco Systems. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleHow to Sign Up for a TD Ameritrade Brokerage Account: A Step-by-Step Guide Next articleBarbra Streisand poses for sexy new photo shoot at 74 Demitrios Kalogeropoulos RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Dow's Rise To Record High Belies Weak Market Breadth Blackrock Managing Director Hollie Fagan Discusses DOL & Regulatory Change Transportation ETFs Trek Higher Natural-gas Futures Continue Higher After EIA Reports 2 Billion-cubic-foot Fall In U.S. Supplies Regulators Put Delta Air Lines' Joint Venture With Aeromexico on Life Support Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET © Resort Broadcasting Company, LLC 2016 - Designed and Managed by DATATECH DIGITAL in association with OXLEY EVERYTHING WEB
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Play Pause Seek i Volume Volume Volume Mute Unmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LO Full Screen Exit Full Screen Play Pause Volume Volume UP NEXT Organic Thanksgiving dinner could cost you Fighting out-of-control crime at Wal-Mart Duration: 03:33 8/17/2016 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Aug. 17 -- Police reports from dozens of Wal-Mart stores suggest the number of petty crimes committed on Wal-Mart properties nationwide this year will be in the hundreds of thousands. But people dashing out the door with merchandise is the least troubling part of Wal-Mart's crime problem. More than 200 violent crimes, including attempted kidnappings and multiple stabbings, shootings and murders, have occurred at the nation’s 4,500 Walmarts this year, or about one a day, according to an analysis of media reports. Bloomberg's Shannon Pettypiece has more on "Bloomberg Markets." READ MORE SEE LESS PLAYLIST Fighting out-of-control crime at Wal-Mart Bloomberg NOW PLAYING Organic Thanksgiving dinner could cost you CNBC UP NEXT US offers mobile device guidelines to curb driver distraction Wochit Tech After death, world's tallest water slide to be torn down Wochit News The best of Black Friday deals Fox Business 7 states that are better for retirement than Florida Kiplinger Facebook may be experimenting with software that censors posts Newsy Would you pay $1,500 for a haircut? The Wall Street Journal. Average age of an American car is 11.6 years, a record high CNBC More Americans will become millionaires in 2017, but it's not all good Newsy Hong Kong Disneyland bets $1.4 billion on 'Frozen,' Marvel The Wall Street Journal. Existing home sales hit more than 9-1/2-year high Wochit Business Is anti-Black Friday eclipsing Black Friday? The Washington Post Replacing Obamacare: Speaker Ryan's plan seen as roadmap CNBC What drives the prices of fine wine? Bloomberg This startup is trying to reinvent the piston engine CNN Money How close does Trump remain to his foreign businesses? CNN Money Guest worker program a necessary part of farming? Fox Business How small business has a big impact on the US economy Bloomberg US healthcare spending is up -- but why? Wochit Business Gun shops hope for a busy Black Friday Wochit Business Canada plans to phase out coal power plants by 2030 Bloomberg Will Trump inherit a new financial crisis? Fox Business More from Bloomberg Laffer: If I Were in Congress I Would Vote for TPP Bloomberg 3:32 Camporeale: State of U.S. GDP Looks Pretty Good Bloomberg 3:45 Trump Picks Gov. Nikki Haley as UN Ambassador Bloomberg 4:01 MP Helen Goodman Reacts to Hammond's Autumn Statement Bloomberg 4:37 Gilts Fall as U.K. Expands Debt Bloomberg 4:02 U.K.'s Clark: Hammond Right to Maintain Fiscal Discipline Bloomberg 7:48 How Does Business Fare in U.K.'s Autumn Statement? Bloomberg 5:34 What Comes Next for Eli Lilly? Bloomberg 6:48 Global Inflation Watch: Expectations vs. Reality Bloomberg 5:09 A Wait and See View of U.K.'s Autumn Statement Bloomberg 3:39 A Deep Dive Into Markets: Fed, Trump, and Growth Bloomberg 5:07 PepsiCo CEO: I Write Letters to Parents of My Executives Bloomberg 3:27 Oil Glut Here to Stay Despite OPEC: Bob Iaccino Bloomberg 3:58 Pimco's Fels Sees a Question Mark Over Fed Independence Bloomberg 7:19 British Pound Stands Alone Against U.S. Dollar Bloomberg 3:35 Eli Lilly's Alzheimer Drug Fails Final-Stage Trial Bloomberg 3:24 Recent Videos Trades gone 'fowl': Big losers in large cap S&P CNBC 1:07 56 mins ago Unusual activity: Aggressive buying in Rio Tinto & Target CNBC 3:33 1 hr ago Is the LaCrosse Your Father's Buick, or Your Son's? The Wall Street Journal. 3:59 1 hr ago Deere hits another all-time high CNBC 2:15 1 hr ago Eli Lilly & Juno Therapeutics plummet after failed drug trials CNBC 4:54 1 hr ago Eli Lilly Alzheimer's Drug Fails Major Test Trial The Wall Street Journal. 3:31 1 hr ago Where can investors find value at record highs? CNBC 5:21 1 hr ago Will rising rates & the dollar kill the rally? CNBC 4:58 1 hr ago Foursquare CEO: Many reasons consumers still like physical shopping CNBC 4:25 2 hrs ago Iran Threatens Response if U.S Renews Sanctions The Wall Street Journal. 1:07 2 hrs ago Is Thanksgiving Day shopping worth it? CNBC 1:48 2 hrs ago Film Clip: 'Jackie' The Wall Street Journal. 2:08 2 hrs ago Foot traffic doesn't matter anymore: Brookstone CEO CNBC 3:40 2 hrs ago Checking out foam mattresses CNBC 1:41 2 hrs ago Dow, Russell 2000 hit new all-time highs CNBC 3:01 2 hrs ago Isaac: Facebook is thinking more pragmatically CNBC 5:04 2 hrs ago The Fixer: How to Salvage Your Worn iPhone Cords The Wall Street Journal. 0:58 2 hrs ago Organic Thanksgiving dinner could cost you CNBC 1:40 2 hrs ago Film Clip: 'Rules Don't Apply' The Wall Street Journal. 1:07 2 hrs ago Film Clip: 'Moana' The Wall Street Journal. 1:15 2 hrs ago Film Clip: 'Lion' The Wall Street Journal. 1:00 2 hrs ago Santelli Exchange: 3 parts to Trump's Obamacare plans CNBC 3:34 3 hrs ago Odland: It'll be a record holiday season CNBC 3:18 3 hrs ago Crude oil inventories down 1.26M barrels CNBC 0:44 3 hrs ago Autmun Statement: Five takeaways CNBC 1:38 3 hrs ago Amtrak CEO: Industry committed to positive train control CNBC 2:47 3 hrs ago Gov. Pawlenty: Trump's appointments in 2 waves CNBC 3:43 3 hrs ago Turkey's Erdogan Dismisses EU Membership Vote The Wall Street Journal. 2:11 3 hrs ago Trump signals shifts in positions in NYT meeting CNBC 2:15 3 hrs ago Garden House Gives New Meaning to Green Roof The Wall Street Journal. 1:55 3 hrs ago AdChoices Featured Partners CNBC The Wall Street Journal Fox Business CNN Money The Street MoneyTalksNews Zacks Kiplinger Trades gone 'fowl': Big losers in large cap S&P CNBC 1:07 56 mins ago Unusual activity: Aggressive buying in Rio Tinto & Target CNBC 3:33 1 hr ago Deere hits another all-time high CNBC 2:15 1 hr ago Eli Lilly & Juno Therapeutics plummet after failed drug trials CNBC 4:54 1 hr ago Where can investors find value at record highs? CNBC 5:21 1 hr ago Will rising rates & the dollar kill the rally? CNBC 4:58 1 hr ago Foursquare CEO: Many reasons consumers still like physical shopping CNBC 4:25 2 hrs ago Is Thanksgiving Day shopping worth it? CNBC 1:48 2 hrs ago Foot traffic doesn't matter anymore: Brookstone CEO CNBC 3:40 2 hrs ago Checking out foam mattresses CNBC 1:41 2 hrs ago Dow, Russell 2000 hit new all-time highs CNBC 3:01 2 hrs ago Isaac: Facebook is thinking more pragmatically CNBC 5:04 2 hrs ago Organic Thanksgiving dinner could cost you CNBC 1:40 2 hrs ago Santelli Exchange: 3 parts to Trump's Obamacare plans CNBC 3:34 3 hrs ago Odland: It'll be a record holiday season CNBC 3:18 3 hrs ago Crude oil inventories down 1.26M barrels CNBC 0:44 3 hrs ago Eli Lilly Alzheimer's Drug Fails Major Test Trial The Wall Street Journal. 3:31 1 hr ago Film Clip: 'Jackie' The Wall Street Journal. 2:08 2 hrs ago Film Clip: 'Rules Don't Apply' The Wall Street Journal. 1:07 2 hrs ago Film Clip: 'Moana' The Wall Street Journal. 1:15 2 hrs ago Film Clip: 'Lion' The Wall Street Journal. 1:00 2 hrs ago Americans Still Consume Too Much Sugar in Drinks The Wall Street Journal. 1:23 21 hrs ago Trump Presidency Could Mean Cuts to Overtime Pay Rule The Wall Street Journal. 5:55 1 day ago 2 Undervalued Stocks, 1 Dangerous Chinese Play The Wall Street Journal. 2:42 1 day ago Kushner's Brother's Health Startup Faces Uncertainty The Wall Street Journal. 4:20 After Black Friday, Go Small on 'Small Business Saturday' The Wall Street Journal. 5:39 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Chipotle and More The Wall Street Journal. 1:26 New Blood Test May Be Able to Detect Concussions The Wall Street Journal. 2:34 The Future of Mobility on Display at LA Auto Show The Wall Street Journal. 3:16 LA Auto Show: Five things to watch The Wall Street Journal. 1:56 How to Get the Best Financial Advice The Wall Street Journal. 4:09 Corporate Decision-Making: Is Hindsight 20/20? The Wall Street Journal. 5:44 Coal country is optimistic about Trump Fox Business 3:28 1 hr ago BJ's CEO: Business is spiking after Trump's win Fox Business 3:37 1 hr ago Is Donald Trump softening on his views? Fox Business 5:46 1 hr ago What would William F. Buckley think of Trump? Fox Business 3:49 1 hr ago Forbes: Overtime ruling a win for small business Fox Business 1:10 2 hrs ago Tucker Carlson on Trump's open-minded posture Fox Business 2:42 2 hrs ago Behind the business of Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade Fox Business 1:52 2 hrs ago How Republicans should approach Thanksgiving dinner politics Fox Business 4:04 2 hrs ago Fr. Jonathan Morris: Talk politics, stay away from egg nog Fox Business 4:48 3 hrs ago Varney offers Thanksgiving dinner advice Fox Business 1:49 3 hrs ago Did Trump change his mind on waterboarding? Fox Business 3:29 3 hrs ago Is the Dow headed for 20K? Fox Business 2:15 4 hrs ago Eli Lilly abandons Alzheimer's drug after trial failure Fox Business 4:37 4 hrs ago Will NYC, Chicago lose federal funding over sanctuary city status? Fox Business 6:43 4 hrs ago Huckabee on Romney for Secretary of State: Why would he do it? Fox Business 8:18 4 hrs ago Morning Business Outlook: 11/23/16 Fox Business 1:15 4 hrs ago Trump vs. the press CNN Money 2:10 5 hrs ago Tumblr tackles mental health CNN Money 3:35 18 hrs ago Wilbur Ross in 75 seconds CNN Money 1:21 20 hrs ago This startup is trying to reinvent the piston engine CNN Money 3:25 23 hrs ago Catching poachers with high-tech cameras CNN Money 0:58 1 day ago Startup is trying to reinvent the piton engine CNN Money 3:25 1 day ago Review: 'Moana' is a feast for the eyes and ears CNN Money 1:12 1 day ago Start-up is literally trying to reinvent the wheel CNN Money 2:51 1 day ago How close does Trump remain to his foreign businesses? CNN Money 2:31 1 day ago Instagram launches live video and disappearing messages CNN Money 1:14 1 day ago Protecting Trump in NYC will cost millions CNN Money 1:14 1 day ago Why Coach doesn't want to be a discount brand CNN Money 2:50 1 day ago Say 'Hello' to Barbie's new voice-activated Dreamhouse CNN Money 1:28 Amazon's new ad: A response to anti-Muslim rhetoric CNN Money 1:03 India's cash crunch impacts healthcare CNN Money 2:32 Coach Calipari on leadership, social media in age of Trump CNN Money 2:20 What's Ahead Tuesday: Will Disney Report a Magical Quarter? The Street 1:32 Closing Bell: U.S. Stocks Slide; Chipotle Briefs Workers on Food Safety The Street 1:10 Jim Cramer Is Awaiting Panera Earnings Tomorrow The Street 1:04 1-800-Flowers.com Seeking Sweet Valentine’s Day Sales The Street 4:38 Chesapeake Energy Says it Has No Plans to File Bankruptcy The Street 2:48 Here’s What the Broncos Should Do With Their Super Bowl Bonuses The Street 4:36 University of Phoenix Owner Fetches $1.1B From Private Equity Group The Street 1:29 Brixmor Property Tanks on Accounting Issues, Jim Cramer Says Avoid It The Street 1:01 Doug Kass Says It’s All Over for Tesla and the FANG Stocks The Street 4:56 Moe’s Attacks While Takes Chipotle Safety Break The Street 3:52 Jim Cramer Says There’s No Need to Rush Into the Market Now The Street 3:50 Midday Report: Chesapeake Energy Tanks; Stocks Extend Selloff The Street 1:11 U.S. Stocks Open Sharply Lower on Oil, Earnings and Fed Worries The Street 1:32 How to Cut Your Tech Spending in Half Money Talks News 1:46 12 hrs ago How to do the holidays without busting your budget Money Talks News 1:39 1 day ago Stock Market Pop Quiz Money Talks News 1:59 Cheap car fixes you need to do now Money Talks News 1:44 How to get a patent for your idea Money Talks News 1:45 Will Sea Level Rise Sink Property Values? (Part 2 of 2) Money Talks News 2:00 Will Sea Level Rise Sink Property Values? (Part 1 of 2) Money Talks News 1:44 5 reasons to shop for a home in December Money Talks News 0:53 The biggest lies retailers tell Money Talks News 1:51 Money Language You Need to Know Money Talks News 1:55 7 government freebies you can get today Money Talks News 1:00 How to be a budgeting superstar Money Talks News 1:37 7 Yummy Foods That Can Lengthen Your Life Money Talks News 1:00 Making Money With Virtual Reality Money Talks News 1:36 Dealing with data when you die Money Talks News 1:42 How to find missing money Money Talks News 1:35 Who is the King of Streaming Content? Netflix or Amazon? Zacks Equity Research 0:00 1 day ago Is Trump Positive for Earnings? Zacks Equity Research 0:00 1 day ago This Week’s Top Growth & Income Stocks Zacks Equity Research 0:00 1 day ago The Aftermath of a U.S. Election Zacks Equity Research 0:00 1 day ago Zacks App Education Zacks Equity Research 0:00 Top Stock Picks for the Week of November 21st Zacks Equity Research 0:00 The Best Options Trade for Gamestop (GME) Earnings Zacks Equity Research 0:00 Trump Rotation Stocks to Buy Right Now Zacks Equity Research 0:00 FF and EME are Aggressive Growth Zacks Rank Buys Zacks Equity Research 0:00 The Best Options Trade for Palo Alto Networks (PANW) Options Zacks Equity Research 0:00 The Best Options Trade for Foot Locker (FL) Earnings Zacks Equity Research 0:00 The Best Options Trade for Salesforce (CRM) Earnings Zacks Equity Research 0:00 Your Two Minute Earnings Preview for Salesforce (CRM) Stock Zacks Equity Research 0:00 Your Two Minute Earnings Preview for Wal-Mart (WMT) Stock Zacks Equity Research 0:00 This Week’s Amazing Earnings Charts Zacks Equity Research 0:00 What Investors Need to Know about Regional Bank ETFs Zacks Equity Research 0:00 7 states that are better for retirement than Florida Kiplinger 1:21 5 hrs ago Will my Social Security check get bigger in 2017? Kiplinger 1:12 3 states where you will want to retire forever Kiplinger 1:12 3 states to avoid in retirement Kiplinger 1:22 3 features home buyers look for the most Kiplinger 1:16 Insider Tips for Shopping at Kohl's Kiplinger 1:17 Easy ways to get extra cash in 30 minutes or less Kiplinger 1:11 Financial decisions that will haunt you in retirement Kiplinger 1:12 3 tricks to save money on Amazon.com Kiplinger 1:11 Things you should never buy at dollar stores Kiplinger 1:12 3 Things That Are Disappearing Forever Kiplinger 1:10 Things You Should Always Buy at Dollar Stores Kiplinger 1:08 Do college students need insurance for their stuff? Kiplinger 1:18 Worst Websites for Online Reviews Kiplinger 1:15 How to keep your home cool without going broke Kiplinger 1:09 3 reasons you should wish a Wegmans would open near you Kiplinger 1:17 Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Walton Family Fortune Soars as Wal-Mart Raises Earnings Forecast Tom Metcalf @tommetcalf123 More stories by Tom Metcalf August 18, 2016 — 5:09 PM EDT August 18, 2016 — 5:09 PM EDT The five Wal-Mart heirs control $127 billion family fortune Retailer now expects 2016 earnings of as much as $4.35 a share Is Wal-Mart a Buy on Second-Quarter Results? Walton family members are gaining ground as America’s richest retailers as Wal-Mart Stores Inc. increases its earnings forecast. Shares rose 1.9 percent Thursday, boosting the clan’s net worth on the Bloomberg Billionaires Index to $127 billion, a 19 percent increase since year-end. By comparison, Amazon.com Inc.’s Jeff Bezos has seen his fortune rise 12 percent in 2016 to $67 billion. Wal-Mart now expects annual earnings to be $4.15 to $4.35 a share this year, excluding some items, compared with a previous forecast of $4 to $4.30. Since taking the helm in 2014, Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon has cut prices and improved customer service while boosting pay for U.S. workers and pouring money into online operations, aiming to stem defections to Amazon. The Waltons -- Alice, Christy, Jim, Lukas and Rob Walton -- are the world’s richest family. They’re ahead of Bill, Charles and David Koch, who have a $106 billion fortune, and Bill Gates and his family, who control $89 billion. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now No Evidence of Aloe Vera Found in the Aloe Vera at Wal-Mart, CVS How Apple Lost China to Two Unknown Local Smartphone Makers These Charts Show That Trump Is Bringing the 1990s Back to Markets Tesla Shock Means Global Gasoline Demand Has All But Peaked Siberian Snow Theory Points to an Early and Cold Winter in U.S. Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
null
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Wall St inches up with energy gain, Wal-Mart Reuters | NEW YORK Aug 19, 2016 02:14 AM IST By Caroline Valetkevitch NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended up slightly on Thursday as Brent oil's rise above $50 a barrel boosted energy shares and an upbeat outlook lifted Wal-Mart to a 14-month high. Wal-Mart rose 1.9 percent to end at $74.30 after the retailer reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit and raised its fiscal-year outlook. The upbeat forecast followed disappointing outlooks from Target and Lowe's Companies the previous day. The energy index <.SPNY> jumped 1.8 percent after Brent crude topped $50 for the first time in six weeks as major producers prepared to discuss a possible output freeze. Late-session gains pushed the indexes out of flat territory where they had traded for much of the session, with the S&P 500 index up just 0.1 percent for the week so far. "With commodities rebounding and the economy remaining surprisingly resilient, with just a little bit more Fed-speak about rising interest rates, that could create a pause. On the other hand, it's been a good year, especially for value investors," said Bryant Evans, investment adviser and portfolio manager at Cozad Asset Management, in Champaign, Illinois. The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> gained 23.76 points, or 0.13 percent, to 18,597.7, the S&P 500 <.SPX> added 4.8 points, or 0.22 percent, to 2,187.02 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> rose 11.49 points, or 0.22 percent, to 5,240.15. The benchmark S&P index is up 7 percent since Dec. 31. Its recent run to record highs has been partly supported by expectations the Fed will continue to keep rates low, as well as some upbeat earnings and economic news. Data on Thursday showed the number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits fell more than expected last week. Investors expect more insight on the rate outlook at an annual meeting of central bankers from around the world in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, next week. Among the day's decliners, the telecommunications index <.SPLRCL> fell 0.8 percent, leading sector losses. Cisco shares fell 0.8 percent to $30.48 after the network equipment provider said it would cut 5,500 jobs and gave a disappointing forecast. NetApp jumped 17.4 percent to $33.88 after its quarterly results beat expectations. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.39-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favoured advancers. The S&P 500 posted 19 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 27 new lows. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.39-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favoured advancers. The S&P 500 posted 19 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 27 new lows. About 5.9 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.4 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days, according to Thomson Reuters data. (Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Dan Grebler) Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Ratan Tata's ego caused financial mess for group firms: Cyrus Mistry Demonetisation: Problem of plenty for RBI as banks park record Rs 4.32 lakh crore Demonetisation: Union Minister latest victim as hospital declines to accept old notes Supreme Court refuses to stay petitions against demonetisation No transaction charges on debit card payments: Govt More From Current Affairs Dow hits record; U.S. yields, dollar at multi-year highs Healthcare stocks drag Wall Street lower Toyota aims to sell more hybrid cars in India Russia still working on how to freeze oil output ahead of OPEC talks EXCLUSIVE: ECB seeks to lend out more bonds to avert market freeze: sources [ more ] Top Stories ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim SBI cuts bulk deposit rates by 1.25-1.9% [ more ] Markets ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Fall below 7,900 could take Nifty to 7,500-7,600 levels Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Sesame output likely to fall 40% due to unfavourable climate Impact of demonetisation largely priced in: Ridham Desai [ more ] Companies Wadia sends third notice to Tata Sons Mistry knows where all the bodies are buried in Tata Group: Kumar Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim Azim Premji-backed FSS plans to raise $250 million [ more ] Opinion Gujarat Gas results set off downgrades Expect lower growth at Eicher Reliance Industries valuation at 10-yr low Don't revive inspector raj Resolving a disagreement [ more ] Latest News ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Fall below 7,900 could take Nifty to 7,500-7,600 levels Finders can't be keepers Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Sesame output likely to fall 40% due to unfavourable climate [ more ] Today's Paper Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster Zara's recipe for success: More data, fewer bosses Debit card charges dropped, farmers to get easier cash access We should have 5 million customers by 2020: David Mcmillan, Aviva Europe Pakistan's jihad makers [ more ] News you can use Demonetisation: Stricter norms for NRIs Spread equity investments over three-four months Deposits above Rs 2.5 lakh: Don't panic if you receive the I-T notice Expect your household budget to shoot up: Going cashless comes at a cost Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TGuCEe Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: What Happened in the Stock Market Today Why Wal-Mart and NetApp stocks made big moves on Thursday. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Aug 18, 2016 at 5:39PM Stocks vacillated between gains and losses on Thursday before ending the trading session in positive territory. Both the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJINDICES:^DJI) and the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX:^GSPC) edged higher to keep their year-to-date returns at 7%: Today's stock market: Index Percentage Change Point Change Dow 0.13% 23 S&P 500 0.22%  5 Data source: Yahoo Finance. Individual stocks making market-beating moves on Thursday included Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) and NetApp (NASDAQ:NTAP). Wal-Mart's customer traffic streak Wal-Mart was the Dow's best performer, rising 2% after announcing solid second-quarter earnings results. Comparable-store sales improved by 1.6% (nearly twice management's forecast), which helped drive revenue and profit figures that beat consensus estimates. Key to that success was the retailer's booking its eighth straight quarter of customer traffic gains, which stood in contrast to rival Target (NYSE:TGT), which earlier in the week posted its first quarterly traffic drop in two years. Image source: Wal-Mart. Wal-Mart managed several other operating wins this quarter, including higher gross profit margin, lower inventory levels, and a greater contribution from the e-commerce segment. "We're pleased with the positive momentum in our business," CEO Doug McMillion said. On the other hand, expenses rose as the company plowed cash into delivering higher in-stock levels in stores and paying associates higher wages. Investors can expect this spending to continue, especially now that it appears the investments are driving improved customer traffic. Cash outlays are also slated to creep higher on Wal-Mart's e-commerce initiatives like its $3 billion acquisition of Jet.com. Still, the company boosted its full-year earnings forecast and said that it sees the positive traffic trends continuing into the current quarter, where comps should be about 2%. That streak should give the retailer solid momentum headed into the critical holiday shopping season.  NetApp's slimming cost structure Data management specialist NetApp saw its stock surge higher by 16% following surprisingly strong earnings numbers. Revenue held steady at $1.3 billion, but a drop in product costs, combined with sharply lower operating expenses, drove significant profit improvements. Image source: Getty Images. NetApp generated $129 million of net income compared to $89 million in the year-ago period. That translated into $0.46 per share of earnings, which outpaced consensus estimates calling for $0.36 per share. "Our focus on disciplined execution of our strategy is yielding results and starting to change the trajectory of our business," CEO George Kurian said. NetApp has plenty of challenges to face. An overall weak IT spending environment is pressuring pricing, for one, and investors can see that reflected in a non-GAAP gross profit margin that fell by nearly a full percentage point. It's also unclear how well the company can execute as it cuts spending in critical categories such as sales and marketing and research and development. Kurian and his team believe the cuts don't threaten future growth, but instead are part of a necessary shift to a more streamlined business. They don't compromise NetApp's "ability to deliver innovation and lead the market," executives told investors on a conference call. In the meantime, the company is trying to pivot to higher growth areas such as flash data centers so that it can return to sales growth following three years of declines. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Aug 18, 2016 at 5:39PM Consumer Goods Stocks DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE DJINDICES:^DJI $19,062.69 up $38.82 (0.20%) S&P 500 INDEX SNPINDEX:^GSPC $2,202.19 down $0.75 (-0.03%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $70.81 up $0.69 (0.98%) Target NYSE:TGT $78.74 up $0.87 (1.12%) NetApp NASDAQ:NTAP $36.34 down $0.38 (-1.03%) Read More Better Buy: Whole Foods Market, Inc. vs. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Here's Why Most Retailers Should Open on Thanksgiving 2 Stocks that Turned $1,000 Into Millions Is It Time to Buy Wal-Mart and Sell Target? How Wal-Mart Has Changed in the Last Year Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Talk Business & Politics you're viewing Statewide change region Central Arkansas Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith area Save Statewide Name Menu Microsites Finance Energy Startup Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Close Business Politics Video / Podcasts Advertise Contact Us Community Member stories Create an account Submit a blog post Close Wall Street optimistic on Wal-Mart and consumer spending in back half of 2016 by Kim Souza. Published Aug 18th, 2016 3:38 pm ksouza@talkbusiness.net / @tbarkansas Wall Street was closely eyeing the results of retail giant Wal-Mart Stores and its second quarter earnings report Thursday (Aug. 18) on the heels of disappointing results from Target the previous day. They liked what they saw. Wal-Mart’s strong second quarter performance, particularly in its U.S. segment and the positive sentiment the retailer gave for the third quarter, were enough to push shares (NYSE: WMT) up about 2% in heavy trading in the Thursday’s morning session. The share price would eventually settle at $74.30, up $1.38, or up 1.89%. During the past 52 weeks the share price has ranged from a $74.80 high to a $56.30 low. In pre-market trading, the share price was rising above the 52-week high. The retailer also raised its full-year earnings guidance to between $4.15 and $4.35 a share from a previous range of $4.00 to $4.30. This forecast includes a 5-cent per share ding from the pending acquisition of Jet.com which is expected to close later this year. U.S. STORE STRENGTH Walmart U.S. CEO Greg Foran told the media during an earnings call that the higher comps for sales (1.6%) and traffic (1.2%) are a result of in-the-trenches work to improve store execution on everything from fresh offerings, convenient checkouts, better in-stocks and lower inventory levels (down 6.5%). He said it’s like the gearing in a Swiss watch, all the little things when done correctly add up to more than their sum parts. Foran said the retailer’s efforts to have cleaner, more friendly stores are gaining traction. He said the 1.2% bump in store visits and the 0.4% increase in average basket size show that regular customers are shopping more often and picking up an extra item or two. He said the retailer hopes store improvements will eventually draw new traffic away from competitors. However, the first indication the tactics are working is that regular customers responded. He said the turnaround for U.S. stores is still in its early stages but the second quarter results indicate that the retailer is making progress on the multi-year plan. Ben Bienvenue, retail analyst with Stephens Inc., told Talk Business & Politics the low-end consumer appears to be resilient, in part because of sustained lower gasoline prices. He also said management’s decision to raise hourly pay is working as it puts a little more money in the hands of its employees who likely spend it at Walmart. PRICE EVALUATION He said Wal-Mart Stores outperformed his expectations and all of the retailer’s metrics are under review by the Little Rock-based investment firm. That said. Bienvenue adds that the price at $74.40 is a little on the high side relative to the 17-times earnings expected over the next year. He said the broader S&P index has an earnings multiple of 21 times, so there is perhaps a slight discount to Wal-Mart shares. Bienvenue attributed that discount to the lower earnings Wal-Mart forecast through 2018 amid its heavy investments in ecommerce and personnel. (Stephens conducts investment banking services with Wal-Mart and is compensated accordingly.) Recently investor Warren Buffet’s Berkshire Hathaway reduced its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by selling 15 million shares. The investment conglomerate now holds 40.2 million shares of Wal-Mart Stores in its portfolio. Wall Street attributed this move as taking profits off the top given the nearly 19% increase in the share price this year. While the price may be considered a little high by some, Budd Bugatch, analyst with Raymond James & Associates, sees more upside for the retail giant. He too will revise his outlook for Wal-Mart stock based on Thursday’s report. His current target price is $80 per share, but he told the media that the high-end of his range is around $86. Bugatch’s positive sentiment comes with the good financial results from the top to the bottom. He especially liked the improvements in the retailer’s e-commerce sales which were up 11.8%, after just a quarter earlier management was disappointed with the segment. He said the retailer’s efforts to grows its online inventory from 8 million items to start the year to more than 15 million now is likely one of the reasons sales are up. Bugatch said it’s good to see the e-commerce pace accelerating, he reminded investors that the 4,600 stores are the “big dog” for the retail behemoth. For now the investments in people and convenience propositions like Walmart Pay and Grocery Pick-up are beginning to pay off, according to Bugatch. POSITIVE MOMENTUM Wal-Mart Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs told the media that their view on consumer sentiment has been steady because they have not seen a marked change in consumer behavior over the past several quarters. He said lower gasoline prices, food deflation and low interest rates are all positives for consumers. Biggs attributed the solid consumer sentiment as one of the reasons for improved traffic counts at Walmart U.S. Foran said the uptick in store traffic has been evenly balanced across all demographics and between formats. The executives reported no cautionary sentiment displayed by consumers regarding the pending presidential elections. Dana Telsey of the Telsey Advisory Group said Wal-Mart’s positives in the recent quarter were just part of the story given their outlook for the third quarter was also good. Telsey said it looks as if Walmart U.S. has a handle on their in-store operations across the box, not just with fresh food offerings, but also in other areas, including improvements in fashion trends with apparel. CAPITAL ALLOCATION Wal-Mart management gave few details on the pending Jet.com acquisition which is expected to close by the end of the year. Bienvenue said it’s still a wildcard in terms of the impact the $3.3 billion expenditure will have on the retailer’s overall results. He said Wal-Mart continues to shift its capital allocations and the large purchase was unanticipated by many. That said, he agreed that Wal-Mart’s strong financial balance sheet allows such expenditures. The hefty spending calls into question whether or Wal-Mart will continue its aggressive stock repurchase initiative introduced late last year and expected to run through 2019. Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon has not mentioned any modifications to the repurchase plans except to say the company repurchased 30.3 million shares for approximately $2.1 billion in the recent quarter. At of the end of the second quarter, the retailer has utilized approximately $7.3 billion of its $20 billion share repurchase authorization. Analysts expect the retailer to give more clarity on its repurchase program in the upcoming meeting for the investment firms which will be held in Bentonville Oct. 5-6. Author Bio: See latest posts Comments 0shares Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Opinion Ken Smith What will a Trump presidency mean for Arkansas’ advanced energy economy? Ruth Whitney Believe it: the Presidential polls were accurate Michael Tilley Riff Raff: The lucky ones Ruth Whitney Volunteering should be part of the business plan Michael Tilley Riff Raff: A Veterans Day remembrance Special Sections Home Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Magazine Opinion © 2015 Talk Business & Politics. All Rights Reserved
Classifieds| Real Estate| Jobs| Autos| Public Notices| Special Sections| Circulars News and weather for: [change] Business Wednesday, Nov. 23, 2016    Last update: 1:42 p.m. News| The Point| Business| Next| Sports| Outdoors| Homestead| Food| Events| Opinion| Obituaries| Blogs News from your community: State | Aroostook | Augusta | Bangor | Down East | Hancock | Lewiston-Auburn | Mid-Maine | Midcoast | Penobscot | Piscataquis | Portland Wall Street inches up with energy, Wal-Mart gains Print Email Share Tweet By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters Posted Aug. 18, 2016, at 5:22 p.m. NEW YORK — Stocks ended up slightly on Thursday as Brent oil’s rise above $50 a barrel boosted energy shares and an upbeat outlook lifted Wal-Mart to a 14-month high. Wal-Mart rose 1.9 percent to end at $74.30 after the retailer reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit and raised its fiscal-year outlook. The upbeat forecast followed disappointing outlooks from Target and Lowe’s the previous day. The energy index jumped 1.8 percent after Brent crude topped $50 for the first time in six weeks as major producers prepared to discuss a possible output freeze. Late-session gains pushed the indexes out of flat territory where they had traded for much of the session, with the S&P 500 index up just 0.1 percent for the week so far. Story continues below advertisement. “With commodities rebounding and the economy remaining surprisingly resilient, with just a little bit more Fed-speak about rising interest rates, that could create a pause. On the other hand, it’s been a good year, especially for value investors,” said Bryant Evans, investment adviser and portfolio manager at Cozad Asset Management in Champaign, Illinois. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 23.76 points, or 0.13 percent, to 18,597.7, the S&P 500 added 4.8 points, or 0.22 percent, to 2,187.02 and the Nasdaq Composite rose 11.49 points, or 0.22 percent, to 5,240.15. The benchmark S&P index is up 7 percent since Dec. 31. Its recent run to record highs has been partly supported by expectations the Fed will continue to keep rates low, as well as some upbeat earnings and economic news. Data on Thursday showed the number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits fell more than expected last week. Investors expect more insight on the rate outlook at an annual meeting of central bankers from around the world in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, next week. Among the day’s decliners, the telecommunications index fell 0.8 percent, leading sector losses. Cisco shares fell 0.8 percent to $30.48 after the network equipment provider said it would cut 5,500 jobs and gave a disappointing forecast. NetApp jumped 17.4 percent to $33.88 after its quarterly results beat expectations. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.39-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 19 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 27 new lows. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.39-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 19 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 27 new lows. About 5.9 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.4 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days, according to Thomson Reuters data.   Recommend this article SEE COMMENTS → Previous story:« Gawker.com, brash and breezy internet mainstay, to shut down Next story:AT&T, Apple, Google to crack down on robocalls » News Blogs Living Sports Opinion Bath-built destroyer breaks down, towed out of Panama Canal Bangor police explain why woman not charged in possible hate crime assault St. Clair: $40M in private funds ‘go away’ if monument abolished Texas man summoned in Smyrna hit and run crash State police search for suspect in Smyrna hit-and-run ‘Hamilton’ and the implosion of the American left Where are the voices of indigenous people in the Thanksgiving story? Addiction is a disease, not a moral failing. Our policies should reflect that. A Cookbook full of Recipes and Memories Maine should be thankful for its legacy of environmental stewardship Freshman working hard, making impact for UMaine hockey team 5 Keys for Maine football’s off season Hampton University upends cold-shooting UMaine women Thirteen teams to participate in John Bapst preseason hockey tournament Ironman 70.3 event to be held in Old Orchard Beach next summer CATCHING HEALTH The story of a mother and her young son and their fight against Lyme Disease STATE & CAPITOL Maine officials aren’t sure what to make of Trump’s infrastructure plan yet FIDDLEHEAD FOCUS Pelletier Avenue controversy continues OUT THERE First big buck, and ‘My dad was there in spirit’ FIDDLEHEAD FOCUS Woman facing charges for using jailed boyfriend’s EBT card Residents, camp owners on Irving leased lots still waiting on development plans Belfast food truck owners moving up to full-scale downtown restaurant Fuel your holiday shopping spree with treats from these Bangor Mall-area eateries New magazine based in Deer Isle aims to captivate older hikers When your little boys grow up Blogs Be a BDN blogger | Browse BDN blogs The Day Job Metric vs. Merit Metric vs. Merit Stirring the Pot Stirring the Pot So, the Election Was Rigged After All Maine Broadband Coalition Maine Broadband Coalition What We Can Expect: Federal Support for Rural Broadband Deployment Top Stories 59 mins ago Pantsuit Nation’s founder refuses to be defeated by Clinton’s loss 3 hours ago Deer season keeping small butcher operations busy 2 hours ago The solution to hunger could be in Maine’s own back yard Why Maine’s Electoral College rules were important this year 57 mins ago Maine Department of Corrections reviewing policies following transgender teen’s death 46 mins ago Bangor PD: AG’s office determines alleged assault not racially motivated 36 mins ago A Maine father’s proud moment: Son bags his first deer St. Clair: $40M in private funds ‘go away’ if monument abolished Similar Articles 11.25.2014 Amid below-average trading volume, Wall Street marks more record highs 12.23.2014 Dow Jones makes history by closing above 18,000 3.27.2015 Wall Street ends 4-day skid on late tech rally 12.26.2014 Wall Street ends at record in second straight weekly gain 5.10.2013 Wall Street ends up, posts third week of gains More in Business   Belfast food truck owners moving up to full-scale downtown restaurant   Scramble underway to assess impact of President-elect Trump’s global business empire   Changing US trade policy may not bring back jobs, but may raise sneaker prices   Canada accelerates plan to phase out coal power   Beware of bogus delivery notices as holidays approach Bangor Daily News Archives News Business Sports Outdoors Homestead TV Listings Obituaries Things to Do Custom Publications Weather Storm Cancellations About Us BDN History BDN 120 Years Contact Us Purchase Photos Newspapers in Education Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Subscribe to the BDN Create BDN Maine Account Manage Your Account Newsletter Sign-up RSS Sales and Marketing Online Advertising and Digital Marketing Solutions Online Advertising Staff Directory Print Advertising Print Advertising Staff Directory Classifieds Custom Publications and The Weekly Creative Services-Guide to Sending Files BDN Maine Events on Facebook On Facebook The Bangor Daily News Midcoast Portland Aroostook Downeast Hancock Katahdin and Lincoln Lakes Region Food Outdoors Maine Families BDN Blogs Editorial and Opinion Maine Sports High School Sports On Twitter @bangordailynews @bdnpolitics @bdnmaineblogs @bdnmainefocus
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Home News Sports Business Travel Life Taste Opinion Archives Insider USA TODAY Photo-Video More Weather Home News Sports Business Travel Life Taste Opinion Archives Insider USA TODAY Photo-Video Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 84 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest New Neighborhood Market hiring in Cape Coral A temporary hiring center has opened at Cypress Center on Del Prado Boulevard Post to Facebook New Neighborhood Market hiring in Cape Coral A temporary hiring center has opened at Cypress Center on Del Prado Boulevard  Check out this story on news-press.com: http://newspr.es/1VgNN7S {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. New Neighborhood Market hiring in Cape Coral Special to The News-press 1:59 p.m. EDT May 24, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Walmart Stores Inc ( WMT.N ) on Thursday reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit as sales in the U.S. market rose, sending the retailer's shares up nearly 10 percent. USA TODAY Walmart is bringing a new Neighborhood Market to Cape Coral. (Photo: Getty Images) 84 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Wal-Mart is bringing a new Neighborhood Market to Cape Coral. Opening this summer, the store is already benefiting the community by providing up to 95 additional jobs. A temporary hiring center has opened at Cypress Center, 229 Del Prado Blvd. N., Suite 12. Applications will be accepted Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Tuesday and Thursday from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. and Saturday from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. Interested applicants may also apply online at http://careers.walmart.com. The majority of new associates will begin work in July to help prepare the store for its grand opening. According to store manager Tanya Parrish, the store will be hiring full- and part-time associates. “We are excited to bring new jobs and new grocery option to Cape Coral,” said Parrish. THE NEWS-PRESS Walmart worker an everyday hero Wal-Mart provides a benefits program to eligible full- and part-time associates. For example, it provides a variety of affordable health and well-being benefits including health-care coverage with no lifetime maximum. Wal-Mart also offers eligible associates matching 401(k) contributions of up to 6 percent of pay, discounts on general merchandise, an Associate Stock Purchase Program and company-paid life insurance. Additionally, eligible associates receive a quarterly cash bonus based on store performance. A job at Wal-Mart means competitive pay and career opportunities. Last year, Wal-Mart promoted more almost 19,000 of its associates in Florida to jobs with higher pay and more responsibility. In addition, almost 10,000 in Florida were converted from part-time to full-time. In addition, Wal-Mart will offer a job to any eligible U.S. veteran honorably discharged from active duty since the Veterans Welcome Home Commitment began on Memorial Day 2013. Since that time, more than 120,000 veterans nationwide have found positions with Wal-Mart. Interested veterans may find out more at http://walmartcareerswithamission.com. These 95 new associates in Cape Coral will join the team of 104,228 Wal-Mart associates in Florida. ♦ RELATED NEWS ♦ Estero's first Walmart spurring economic activity Walmart rolls out online ordering in Southwest Florida Chico's names former Walmart exec as new CEO 84 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://newspr.es/1VgNN7S TOP VIDEOS Who is Nikki Haley? 1:30 TSA: These things didn't make it on to a SWFL airplane Sept and Oct 1:08 Better than an apple. Second grade teacher wins new car. 1:26 911 call: I'm being attacked by bear; I'm going to die 1:05 Deputy-involved shooting in south Fort Myers 1:19 Inside SWFL Football: Week 13 6:55 Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Hogs And Air Dogs Fly Again 1:09 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 News-Press Election Update: 7pm Florida Polls Close 16:10 News-Press Election Update: 8pm Mailbag Reader Debate 16:42 News-Press Election Update: 9pm Poll Update 14:39 Boca Grande: The Harbor Pilot 2:04 Save Our Water: moderated panel 17:52 Inside SWFL Football: Week 11 6:31 Dad builds phenomenal costumes for his son 0:49 Dress for Success SWFL focused on inspiring women 1:35 'I will not give up.' Dress for Success SWFL leader focused on helping women 1:11 Christie's ex-aide invokes Fifth as office subpoenaed 1:06 Iconic 'National Geographic' 'Afghan Girl' arrested 0:41 Toxic metals found in kids' Halloween makeup 1:11 Vatican says keep your loved one's ashes off the mantel 0:24 Baby uses hearing aids for the first time 0:25 Girl Scout cookie cereal is a real thing and happening soon 1:10 Experience the Florida International Air Show 1:40 Football team pulls off epic proposal for teammate 0:59 Are your kids consuming too much media? 1:07 'We're getting justice.' Family rejoices in charging of murder suspect 1:16 Stowaway snake emerges from car hood in rush hour 0:33 Iraqi forces push to take back Mosul 0:52 More Stories Native son Bill Mellor preserved key Lee County waters Nov. 23, 2016, 8:13 a.m. Cape Coral family loses home in fire; four pets rescued Nov. 23, 2016, 8:11 a.m. Harriet the eagle lays first egg Nov. 22, 2016, 10:03 p.m. 70 SWFL restaurants (and counting) open for Thanksgiving Nov. 21, 2016, 5:43 p.m.
Home News Community Opinion Sports Obituaries Public Notices Photo Gallery Classifieds Special Publications Athletes of the Week Business Directory Beauty Spot Pets of the Week Rack Locations Subscriptions Contact Wednesday, November 23, 2016 Eastgate Walmart kicks off grocery pickup August 18th, 2016    Author: Administrator    Filed Under: News From left, Eastgate Walmart free online grocery pickup service customer Christina Royse is helped by department associates Mariah Gunsburgh, center, and Juanita Copley. Royse was the first customer to utilize the service, which the store launched on Aug. 9, 2016.By Megan Alley Sun staff After much anticipation, Eastgate Walmart launched its free online grocery pickup service on Aug. 9. “Our customers have been asking for this,” said Jenn Fuller, assistant manager for the store’s online grocery department. The service allows customers to order groceries online, with a $30 minimum, and pick them up at the store’s specially designated side door. And because the department’s staff will load the items into shoppers’ cars, drivers won’t even have to unbuckle their seatbelts. “I think that getting time back with your family is the biggest thing,” said Denis Philips, store manager. “A lot of folks will come in, and they’ll shop for two hours with their kids, and they’re tired already. Now, we do the picking, load your car up, and you’re done.” While Wal-Mart Stores Inc. launched the service in early 2015, the Eastgate store is the first in its market, which includes the Amelia Walmart and several stores throughout northern Kentucky, to offer the amenity, according to Fuller. The store has been gearing up for the launch for the past six months. “The service has been really well-received,” Fuller said, adding, “Basically, we’re setting the tone for the rest of our market to go online.” To use the service, customers need to sign up online or download the mobile application, which is currently only available through the Apple’s App Store. Customers can scroll through and select from hundreds of different products from a number of departments, including produce, meat, deli, beverages, health and beauty, baby, pets, household and laundry and toys and video games. “It’s definitely more than just groceries,” Fuller added. The department does business from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m., and same-day service is available; orders placed by 2 a.m. may be picked up as early as 8 a.m., and orders placed by 10 a.m. may be picked up as early as 2 p.m. Customers may also choose a pickup time a few days out. When the online order is finalized, and the pickup date has arrived, it’s assigned to one of the department’s nine hand-selected staff members, who take to the aisles of the store to collect the goods. “In hiring staff for the department, we were looking for people who do the shopping for their own families, and who enjoy it,” Fuller explained. She added, “We wanted people who pay attention to details and who would be just as selective about choosing products for customers as they would be if they were shopping for their own families.” Bekah Barger, who worked for a year as the store’s support manager, feels “very blessed” that she was asked to join the team; she is now the manager for the department. “I love that it’s a new experience,” she said. After the order has been “shopped,” it’s housed in a staging area; online instructions prompt the customer to call the department 15 minutes ahead of their arrival to allow staff to prepare the order for load-in. Christina Royse, who lives in the Eastgate area, was the service’s first customer. “I hate to grocery shop so this is perfect for me,” she said. To learn more about and sign up for Eastgate Walmart’s free online grocery pick up service, visit the website at www.walmart.com/grocery. SHARE: « Moscow bicentennial event to be held in September Project highlights Underground Railroad sites » Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   Batavia, Ohio Mostly cloudy52°F real feel: 56°F humidity: 48% wind speed: 1 m/s SSE   Popular Recent Comments Tags Voters reject West Clermont school levy November 7, 2012 · 11 Comments Eastgate interchanges to open soon July 16, 2015 · 10 Comments DAN BARE What would Jefferson think? July 8, 2011 · 9 Comments Man sentenced for abduction April 8, 2015 · 9 Comments DAN BARE Extreme disrespect displayed by NBC June 30, 2011 · 7 Comments Miami Township holds 13th Annual Holiday Parade November 23, 2016 · No comments Felicity FFA attends soils contest November 17, 2016 · No comments Grant recognizes Business of the Month November 17, 2016 · No comments Lip sync battle raises funds for CCDD November 17, 2016 · No comments A Christmas Carol brings the spirits of the season to life November 17, 2016 · No comments Marie: We the voters remember why we need extra checks and balances in this i... Scott Kube: & a HUGE THANK YOU to the Goshen High School Random Acts of Kindne... Scott Kube: Thank you Clermont Sun for covering this event for us! Our team ha... Heather Smith: This breaks my heart. I was her HHA long ago and she was one of the sw... Steven Neff: The congressman misrepresents the right for a woman to choose with "pr... Amelia Barons Football Amelia Barons Soccer Amelia Lady Barons Basketball Amelia Lady Barons Soccer Amelia Lady Barons Volleyball Batavia Bulldogs Football Batavia Bulldogs Soccer Batavia Lady Bulldogs Volleyball Bethel Bethel-Tate Lady Tigers Soccer Bethel-Tate Lady Tigers Volleyball Bethel-Tate Tigers Football Bethel-Tate Tigers Soccer Clermont Northeastern Lady Rockets Soccer Clermont Northeastern Lady Rockets Volleyball Clermont Northeastern Rockets Football Evans Funeral Home Felicity-Franklin Cardinals Softball Felicity-Franklin Lady Cardinals Volleyball Glen Este Lady Trojans Soccer Glen Este Lady Trojans Volleyball Glen Este Trojans Football Glen Este Trojans Soccer Goshen Lady Warriors Basketball Goshen Lady Warriors Soccer Goshen Lady Warriors Volleyball Goshen Warriors Basketball Goshen Warriors Football Milford Eagles Football Milford Eagles Soccer Milford Lady Eagles Soccer Milford Lady Eagles Volleyball New Richmond Lady Lions Basketball New Richmond Lady Lions Soccer New Richmond Lady Lions Volleyball New Richmond Lions Football New Richmond Lions Soccer November 2010 terri schlichenmeyer the bookworm sez UC Clermont Cougars Williamsburg Lady Wildcats Soccer Williamsburg Lady Wildcats Volleyball Williamsburg Wildcats Basketball Williamsburg Wildcats Football 465 East Main Street · Batavia, Ohio 45103 Phone: 513.732.2511 · Fax 513.732.6344 · E-mail info@clermontsun.com Copyright © 2011-16 Clermont Sun Publishing Company.
null

Log In News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Search Facebook twitter Weather: 3 Severe Weather Alerts for 55802 Skip to main content The Talk of the North 710 AM Duluth, Minnesota Log In Menu News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Search Facebook twitter Current Show The Rush Limbaugh Show 11AM–2PM Upcoming Shows Next Show The Sean Hannity Show 2PM–5PM The Mark Levin Show 5PM–8PM The Savage Nation 8PM–11PM Current Weather (55811) 34° Search Our Site Search The Rush Limbaugh Show 11AM–2PM News Wall St. inches up with energy gain, Wal-Mart Wall St. inches up with energy gain, Wal-Mart Thursday, August 18, 2016 6:32 a.m. CDT By Caroline Valetkevitch NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended up slightly on Thursday as Brent oil's rise above $50 a barrel boosted energy shares and an upbeat outlook lifted Wal-Mart to a 14-month high. Wal-Mart rose 1.9 percent to end at $74.30 after the retailer reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit and raised its fiscal-year outlook. The upbeat forecast followed disappointing outlooks from Target and Lowe's Companies the previous day. The energy index <.SPNY> jumped 1.8 percent after Brent crude topped $50 for the first time in six weeks as major producers prepared to discuss a possible output freeze. Late-session gains pushed the indexes out of flat territory where they had traded for much of the session, with the S&P 500 index up just 0.1 percent for the week so far. "With commodities rebounding and the economy remaining surprisingly resilient, with just a little bit more Fed-speak about rising interest rates, that could create a pause. On the other hand, it's been a good year, especially for value investors," said Bryant Evans, investment adviser and portfolio manager at Cozad Asset Management, in Champaign, Illinois. The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> gained 23.76 points, or 0.13 percent, to 18,597.7, the S&P 500 <.SPX> added 4.8 points, or 0.22 percent, to 2,187.02 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> rose 11.49 points, or 0.22 percent, to 5,240.15. The benchmark S&P index is up 7 percent since Dec. 31. Its recent run to record highs has been partly supported by expectations the Fed will continue to keep rates low, as well as some upbeat earnings and economic news. Data on Thursday showed the number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits fell more than expected last week. Investors expect more insight on the rate outlook at an annual meeting of central bankers from around the world in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, next week. Among the day's decliners, the telecommunications index <.SPLRCL> fell 0.8 percent, leading sector losses. Cisco shares fell 0.8 percent to $30.48 after the network equipment provider said it would cut 5,500 jobs and gave a disappointing forecast. NetApp jumped 17.4 percent to $33.88 after its quarterly results beat expectations. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.39-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 19 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 27 new lows. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.39-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 19 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 27 new lows. About 5.9 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.4 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days, according to Thomson Reuters data. (Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Dan Grebler) Comments Top Stories Twin Ports Thanksgiving Buffet At The DECC Wednesday, November 23 Gobble Gallop Downtown On Thursday Wednesday, November 23 Superior-Douglas County Random Acts Of Kindness Wednesday, November 23 Visit Duluth Releases 2015 Tourism Study Wednesday, November 23 Hagen Resigns And Appointed Interim Mayor Wednesday, November 23 News Sections Local State National World Local Sports Sports Politics Business Health Science Technology Entertainment Station Information © 2016 710 WDSM - WDSM The Talk of the North Facebook twitter Listen 710 AM in Duluth, Minnesota Contact Studio Line 1: 218-722-7500 Text Us at 39327 Advertise With Us Job Opportunities Contact Us More Privacy Policy (PDF) Terms of Use (PDF) Contest Rules EEO
Local News Opinion Business Sports Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us E-Edition Apps & Mobile Newsletters Subscribe Contests About Us News News Beaufort Gazette Bluffton Packet Special Reports Databases Local Traffic Crime & Public Safety Business Politics & Elections Military South Carolina Nation & World Lottery Results Blog: Untamed Lowcountry Photo blog: Lowcountry Lens Sports Sports College Golf RBC Heritage Recreation High School MLB NFL NBA Outdoors Columnists Jeff Shain Cast & Blast Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Real Estate Technology Full Stock Listings Market Summaries Mutual Funds Treasury Rates New Employee/Promotion Form New Business Owner Form Living Living Celebrations Religion Food & Drink Family Outdoors Holidays Columnists Lowcountry Gardening Made With Love Faith in Action Entertainment Entertainment Arts & Culture Local Events Events Calendar Holidays & Seasonal Horoscopes Comics Puzzles & Games Columnists Mindy Lucas Opinion Opinion Editorials Other Views Readers Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter National Voices Editorial Cartoons Columnists David Lauderdale Liz Farrell Obituaries Local Deals Classifieds Classifieds Legal Notices Special Sections Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Place An Ad Business August 17, 2016 8:19 PM SCDOT to Walmart: Stop working on Bluffton roads Motorists drive past the new median that divides the Bluffton Road entrance to Kittie's Crossing shopping center on Friday. Since it was put in late last month, the median has generated a number of complaints from customers and businesses at the center, and has been the cause of at least three accidents. Jay Karr jkarr@islandpacket.com facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:38 'Now not a good time to be flying around' on local waterways Pause 0:33 Wreck on Simmonsville Road near US 278 blocks traffic Thursday morning 3:55 Gov. Nikki Haley talks about her meeting with President-elect Donald Trump 0:45 'A winter wonderland at the beach': Ice skating is coming to Shelter Cove 0:39 Stranded boat owners need one more miracle 4:56 'This was my house': Some Palmetto Bay Marina boat owners now homeless 0:42 Pamela Cohen on Hurricane Matthew 1:37 'It sounded like a million chainsaws' as Palmetto Bay Marina suffered through Hurricane Matthew 0:13 Palmetto Bay Marina damage 1:02 Palmetto Bay Marina after Hurricane Matthew Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Morgan Olivares, manager at the La Hacienda Mexican Restaurant in Bluffton, told The Island Packet & Beaufort Gazette on Tuesday, Aug. 2, 2016, that the recently added median along the entry to Kittie's Crossing shopping center off Bluffton Road is not just a "very big inconvenience" to customers and employees, it's also causing a danger to drivers. Josh Mitelman jmitelman@islandpacket.com 1 of 2 i By Madison Hogan mhogan@islandpacket.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story The state has ordered Walmart to stop all road construction in Greater Bluffton after its recent installment of a median at the Kittie’s Corner shopping center drew fire from residents. The median is across the street from the site where the retailer is currently building two stores. Michael Black, a representative of the state Department of Transportation, said the retailer received an encroachment permit which gave it permission to work within the right of way. The median, SCDOT said, is not within that right of way. Until the SCDOT can verify Walmart has an agreement with property owners, the retailer cannot continue right of way work needed for the new stores — a supercenter and a Sam’s Club — Black said Wednesday. That includes the right-hand turn from Fording Island Road onto Bluffton Road and the intersection between the construction site and Kittie’s Crossing, where a traffic light is planned. The retailer was allowed to pave Tuesday night to address safety concerns on the street, but it is not permitted to continue any other work, according to Black. Josh Gruber, the deputy county administrator, said the county required the Walmart site to be accessible by a signalized intersection before approving the development. He said if the traffic light was not built and approved by the time the construction of the supercenter and Sam’s Club was finished, the county could not issue the retailer a certificate of occupancy — meaning no one could enter the buildings. “I would be very surprised if Walmart was not able to resolve this matter with the (Kittie’s Crossing) landowner before it gets to that point,” he said Wednesday. The order comes after the retailer admitted Aug. 12 through a company spokesman that it built an elongated median at the Kittie’s Crossing Bluffton Road entrance in preparation for the traffic light. Walmart does not own the property where the median is built, and Black has said SCDOT cannot give permission for the retailer to build on private property. “The median is required by the S.C. Department of Transportation as part of the construction of our new store and nearby traffic light,” Phillip Keene, director of corporate communications for Walmart, wrote in the email Aug. 12. “We’re actively working with the primary property owner of the private drive near the median to address some concerns that have been brought to our attention. We hope to provide a further update soon.” The Island Packet and The Beaufort Gazette received the statement from Louise Dixon, president of public relations at Chernoff Newman in Charlotte, on behalf of Keene, Walmart’s spokesman. When asked whether Walmart had permission to build the median last week, Dixon said she is not a spokeswoman for Walmart. However, she said, it is one of the issues being discussed. Keene said Walmart was in the process of drafting a statement Wednesday afternoon. It had not arrived by press time. The question remains whether Walmart had permission from the property owners to build the median. The land in question is owned by North Bluffton Properties. Last week, the property owner, Paul Terefenko, refused to comment about the median or whether the retailer received permission to build it. The median has caused worry among business owners and confusion for drivers in the area. There have been at least three reported car accidents within the area since the median was installed. Madison Hogan: 843-706-8137, @MadisonHogan Related content Restaurant manager: New Bluffton median 'big inconvenience' LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 4:56 'This was my house': Some Palmetto Bay Marina boat owners now homeless Pause 1:37 'It sounded like a million chainsaws' as Palmetto Bay Marina suffered through Hurricane Matthew 0:13 Palmetto Bay Marina damage 1:02 Palmetto Bay Marina after Hurricane Matthew 1:17 CSA president: Sea Pines re-entry depends on safety, security, services 0:53 SC National Guard clears the way for Hurricane Matthew evacuees eventual return 1:08 CrowderGulf manages hurricane debris on Hilton Head Island 0:35 Clearing trees at Gumtree, Wild Horse roads on Hilton Head 0:44 SC National Guard hard at work post Matthew 1:09 Woman, family spent 7 hours in traffic jam trying to reenter after Hurricane Matthew Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 17 hours ago Stranded boat owners need one more miracle 0:39 17 hours ago Stranded boat owners need one more miracle 0:45 17 hours ago 'A winter wonderland at the beach': Ice skating is coming to Shelter Cove 2:02 a day ago Repo man felt bad taking elderly couple's car so he made it up to them View more video Business US applications for unemployment aid rose last week East Baton Rouge prison to get private health care company Original Gerber Baby, Ann Taylor Cook, turns 90 UN agency says China tops world again in patent applications Stock market rally fades ahead of US holiday Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Special Sections Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Special Sections Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wal-Mart draws more shoppers, raises fiscal-year outlook By Reuters Published: 14:54 EST, 18 August 2016 | Updated: 14:54 EST, 18 August 2016 e-mail By Nandita Bose Aug 18 (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc reported higher-than-expected quarterly earnings on Thursday, saying it benefited from cleaner and more efficient U.S. stores, investments in technology that improved online shopping and higher employee wages that fostered better customer service. The world's largest retailer has been spending heavily to entice consumers back to its stores with better stocked shelves, and improving its e-commerce business by investing in new warehouses that can deliver online shipments faster. Last week, it announced the acquisition of online startup Jet.com for over $3 billion to better compete with Amazon.com Inc. Wal-Mart also increased entry level wages to $10 an hour earlier this year and said it will invest $2.7 billion in employee compensation and training over two years, a move it said contributed to improved service in its stores. These steps, analysts said, helped Wal-Mart to raise its fiscal-year forecast and buck a string of weak results from higher-end brick-and-mortar competitors like Target Corp , Macy's Inc and Kohls Corp. Target cut its fiscal-year profit outlook on Wednesday after quarterly sales fell more than expected. Wal-Mart U.S. Chief Executive Officer Greg Foran said on a conference call that the company's customers were still cautious with their spending but were visiting stores more often and buying more items. Store visits increased 1.2 percent, and the average size of an order rose 0.4 percent during the second quarter ended on July 31. "We are seeing a steady improvement in the U.S. business, and it is responding favorably to the changes we are making," he said. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based company said sales were strong for grocery items and apparel but weak for electronics. "Walmart's strategic investments are generating traction, which is especially meaningful, given a large portion of its customer base remains challenged," said Moody's analyst Charlie O'Shea. The retailer said it was difficult to quantify the effects of low gasoline prices and unseasonably warm weather, but those factors contributed to overall sales growth. Online sales growth accelerated sequentially for the first time in more than five quarters, rising 11.8 percent from 7 percent in the first quarter. Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs said e-commerce growth was stronger in the United States than in major overseas markets, mainly because of its larger third-party seller business and the continued roll-out of online grocery pickup options. Wal-Mart has added 7 million items to its website this year, bringing the total to 15 million. This compares with 200 million on online rival Amazon.com Inc. The company raised its fiscal-year earnings outlook to between $4.15 and $4.35 a share, including an estimated hit of 5 cents from the Jet.com acquisition, from a previous range of $4 to $4.30. Second-quarter earnings per share of $1.07, excluding a gain from the sale of Wal-Mart's e-commerce business in China and other items, exceeded the analysts' average estimate by 5 cents. Sales at U.S. stores open at least a year rose 1.6 percent, excluding fuel prices, to beat expectations in their eighth straight quarter of growth. International sales fell 6.6 percent to $28.6 billion but increased 2.2 percent on a currency-neutral basis. Total revenue rose 0.5 percent to $120.9 billion. Wal-Mart's shares rose as much as 2.8 percent earlier in the trading day. They were up 1.8 percent at $74.23 in afternoon trade. (Additional reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angry and upset Justin Bieber has a heated exchange with his security team a minute after he 'punched' a fan in the face Has Brian Friedman confirmed Cheryl's 'pregnancy'? X Factor choreographer claims star is 'having a baby' with Liam Payne That's awkward... My days as a lingerie model! Kelly Brook shows off stunning figure in throwback underwear snap taken 20 years ago  Still a knockout 'Any exercise is better than no exercise': MIC's Louise Thompson gets up close and personal with trainer boyfriend Ryan Libbey in bizarre workout video Catherine Zeta-Jones, 47, sizzles in VERY plunging swimsuit with husband Michael Douglas, 72, as the pair put problems behind them for Mexican break Stuck for Christmas shopping inspo? From a rose gold private plane to an Island in the South Pacific, 10 of the most amazing presents money can buy! SPONSORED Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly and his cute son Teddy arrive in Australia as friends and family of I'm A Celeb stars prepare for the show's first eviction  'He'll never say I look fat': Sophie Kasaei shows off her curves in racy lingerie for steamy shoot with Joel Corry... as she gushes about her supportive boyfriend 'It's difficult to talk about': Mariah Carey speaks about James Packer split while putting on a VERY busty display on Ellen Very contentious split She's morphing into Kim Kardashian! Blac Chyna looks like Rob's sister with lighter makeup and long raven locks in new video Keeping up with Kim 'Have a little dignity!': Sam Faiers sparks mixed reaction from fans by sharing sweet snap of herself breastfeeding baby Paul at the table 'I've lost all respect for you': Katie Price faces fan backlash as the animal lover poses in a real raccoon fur coat padded with duck down feathers  Braless Marnie Simpson is seen out for the first time since EPIC meltdown... as she parties with Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei in very sexy mini dress 'It's not even 9pm yet!' EastEnders viewers left squirming at Whitney and Lee's pre-watershed 'cringiest sex scene ever' Uncomfortable viewing  'Happiest birthday to my favorite little angel!' Liam Hemsworth gives Miley Cyrus a quirky rainbow ring after she revealed she doesn't like her diamond Leggy blonde! Charlize Theron flaunts lean limbs in plaid mini dress as she slims down after gaining 35lbs for upcoming comedy Tully Back to her best EXCLUSIVE 'There's never a bad intention with her': MIC newcomer Julius Cowdrey says he never meant to come between Binky Felstead and her beau JP I'm A Celebrity's Scarlett Moffatt reveals she's paid off her parents' mortgage... as show bosses face accusations of 'fix' over her airtime 'I felt like a bully': Emmerdale's Gillian Kearney reveals even SHE was upset at her character's distressing scene with dementia-sufferer Ashley Cosy knitwear like Kendall or fab faux fur like Kate Moss: The snuggliest - and most stylish - ways to keep warm this winter! SPONSORED Look away, Chloe! Marty McKenna packs on the PDA with Geordie Shore newbie Elettra Lamborghini as they hit the town with his former flame Oversharing? Dancing With The Stars judge Julianne Hough posts photo of herself on the TOILET while wearing her massive ball gown Behind the scenes Who's that girl? Cristiano Ronaldo's stunning new girlfriend is a 'Spanish Gucci employee'... and she's already been invited to watch him play 'I was abused when I was EIGHT': Rebecca Ferguson reveals she was attacked in a children's home leaving her feeling 'dirty and wrong' Harry's bagged a great deal! Prince's new girlfriend Meghan Markle was once a glamorous assistant on the US version of Deal or No Deal  James Norton is back in his dog collar as he films scenes for Grantchester series three with co-star Robson Green in Cambridgeshire Sexy mama! George Clooney's ex Stacy Keibler flaunts cleavage in cut-out top while on date with millionaire husband in LA Looking good lNick and Joe Jonas' younger brother Frankie, 16, is cited for possession of marijuana in Nashville Stopped outside a store in Nashville TOWIE's Chloe Lewis enjoys dog walk with her co-stars as she films scenes for Christmas special amid Luke Pasqualino romance rumours Business before the brother-in-law? Rob Kardashian ignores Kanye West's 'psychotic break' and promote his new festive range of socks Brooklyn swoops in on pal Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull for a giggly lunch... as Madonna's son is arrested for possessing cannabis Looks like someone is getting grounded': Stony-faced Guy Ritchie steps out after son Rocco, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis Won't be impressed 'I don't understand why it is not okay to be plus-size': Size 22 model Tess Holliday says she has no problem with the phrase as she discusses baby weight  Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, 'hangs around with teens from a council estate and tries to get served in pubs,' neighbours reveal after his cannabis arrest She can't stop, and won't stop changing her hair! As Miley Cyrus celebrates turning 24, FEMAIL charts her most drastic hair make-overs Chameleon  Lauren Goodger works her poses like a pro as she flaunts her 'bigger and better' bum in skin-tight leggings before heading to a work out Her cheekiest look yet 'I've finally admitted it': Susanna Reid declares her love for Piers Morgan... as she's reunited with Bill Turnbull in 'tense' encounter on GMB sofa  Justin Bieber 'PUNCHES fan in the face and leaves him bloodied' in new violent outburst... as it's claimed 'the minor is considering suing him' Suits you! Katie Piper looks chic in an elegant teal velvet trouser suit as she opens the Ideal Home Show It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas 'You are not an honest man': Judge slams Marco Pierre-White Jr after he admits going on a £2,500 spending spree with his ex girlfriend's bank card Chloe Ferry copies her idol Kylie Jenner as she flashes double nipple piercings on night out... as her ex co-star Chantelle Connelly labels her a '2 faced ****' Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley poses NAKED in the bath... before showing off her toned bikini body in a sizzling throwback snap  Making waves Cristiano Ronaldo puts on a smitten display with stunning new girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez as he goes incognito at Disneyland Paris in a bizarre wig Adele announces two huge gigs at Wembley Stadium in 2017 as a finale to her epic world tour... after announcing plans to have another baby during break All the fun of the fair! Tamara Ecclestone takes adorable daughter Sophia for a very merry day out at Winter Wonderland Festive fun 'They are loving it!' Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield bake up a storm inside This Morning's EDIBLE gingerbread kitchen as viewers go wild 'I feel like a new man': I'm A Celebrity star Martin Roberts reveals how £6k hair transplant transformed his life   Proud of his new crowning glory Former Apprentice star Nick Hewer claims show is manipulated by producers who deliberately pick sexy contestants and those with ridiculous CVs He's got a type! Underworld director Len Wiseman steps out with beautiful brunette... who is estranged wife Kate Beckinsale's doppelgänger It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in November: Festivities come early for Sharon Osbourne and Holly Willoughby as they decorate 5 WEEKS early Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis after wealthy Primrose Hill 'neighbours complained about him smoking drugs'  'She is being amazing': Kim Kardashian 'very supportive' of husband Kanye West while in hospital... as it's claimed Paris robbery a factor in his 'mental breakdown' Uh-oh! Brooklyn Beckham, 17, can't hide his dismay as he finds a parking ticket slapped on his flashy Mercedes He'll have no problem paying Davinia Taylor auctions contents of her lavish Grade II listed Tudor home - and the incredible private collection includes works by Banksy 'I've grown up in my own skin': Rita Ora flashes her bra and toned tum in leather and faux fur as she reveals the inspiration behind her new album 'I'm not going to sit back': Leah Remini talks fighting Scientology 'bullies' with new docu-series and claims she's been followed since leaving Church Busty Rhian Sugden sheds all inhibitions as she shows off her eye-popping assets by going totally TOPLESS in sizzling video Daring to bare Cha-cha-charming! Busty Amber Rose shows off her famous curves as she returns to Dancing With The Stars with Maksim Chmerkovskiy 'How not to cut butternut squash': Viewers in shock after GBBO's Andrew Smyth almost cuts off his FINGERS while chopping vegetables on Lorraine Michelle Collins has a less than glamorous end to her evening as she has a run-in with homeless man on her way home from London event Throwing the towel-ling: Leggy Sam Faiers wears a dressing gown as a coat on a night out... after falling out with her family over LA move Not her usual gown Holy smokes! Joaquin Phoenix puffs on a cigarette as he relaxes on set with Rooney Mara during a break from playing Jesus Christ in Mary Magdalene Rosamund Pike looks pretty in a shimmering pink jumper as she discusses new film A United Kingdom on Lorraine Moving new role Olympia Valance showcases her stunning curves in sexy lace lingerie and sheer suspender and stockings in VERY revealing photo shoot Kylie Minogue and her matching fiancé Joshua Sasse give empowering message about same-sex marriage as they take to the stage at Aussie music awards Hello, is it tum-me you're looking for! Sofia Richie flashes her abs in stylish crop top as she steps out for dinner with close friend Nicole Peltz Out and about 'They got the perfect angle': John Legend blames red carpet PHOTOGRAPHERS for Chrissy Teigen's major wardrobe malfunction despite her racy dress 'Hey baby, do those legs go all the way up?' Chrissy Teigen laughs off her epic AMAs wardrobe malfunction with hilarious Family Guy meme Ellen DeGeneres comforted by Robert De Niro as she cries after receiving Presidential Medal Of Freedom at star-studded White House ceremony Phil Collins' ex buys the house next door to her for $4m MORE than asking price because she was worried it would be torn down and replaced by a mansion Newly engaged Pixie Lott shows off her incredible figure in extreme plunging green swimsuit and oversized vintage frames in Jamaica   Breast display ever! The Veronicas put on a busty display as they sing TOPLESS and covered in glitter at 2016 ARIA Awards One way to shine The Veronica's Lisa Origliasso reveals INTIMATE details about her sister's relationship with Ruby Rose...while hosting the 2016 ARIA Awards 'Multitasking!': Jeff Lewis does housework while cradling newborn daughter Monroe... as housekeeper Zoila puts her feet up Family time 'We can't get complacent!' Troye Sivan vows to keep fighting for same-sex marriage at ARIAs... as he dedicates his award to 'every LGBTQ kid'  'You just train like an absolute psycho for 20 minutes': Body Coach Joe Wicks reveals how you CAN eat what you want and get the body of your dreams Claudia Schiffer reaches out of court settlement with millionaire neighbour who sued her for cutting down two of his trees in Majorca  Is this to get rid of Ed? Strictly bosses add tricky extra dance to Saturday's show 'in plot to get comedy act Balls booted out' Has fans behind him Horrified Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman are covered in critters in I'm A Celeb task... as poisonous snake attacks camp while they sleep I'm a Celebrity... I've got this! Vicky Pattison poses with baby crocodile at an animal sanctuary... before gushing over beau John Noble in sweet snap 'What are we doing here?' Charlize Theron gets emotional in first trailer for her ex boyfriend Sean Penn's dramatic new film The Last Face  Charli XCX rated! British pop star flashes her bottom in ridiculously short white skirt as stars dare to bare on red carpet at Aussie music awards Is he single? Orlando Bloom is seen with a female friend in Malibu amid rumours he has split from girlfriend of 10 months Katy Perry In good spirits Eugenie and her very happy ring: Princess dons emoji jewellery - but still no engagement band - as she steps out with boyfriend Jack Brooksbank She's a beautiful creature! Lady Amelia Windsor shows off her wild side at the Animal Ball in a lime green feathered mask Looked royally good 'Sorry about the weird end to the show!': Ant and Dec experience awkward technical issue during live I'm A Celebrity broadcast  Cringeworthy moment James Jordan arrives Down Under to support Ola on I'm A Celebrity... as he admits he wants jungle life to get 'hardcore' for his wife Living luxury close by Shirtless Jordan Banjo displays his athletic physique and rippling abs in I'm A Celeb jungle shower... after mum speaks out on his 7st weight loss 'Is Martin okay?' Viewers voice their concern for property expert Roberts as he hilariously 'comes out' as a tree hugger on I'm A Celeb Kylie Jenner, 19, and beau Tyga, 27, smooch on camera as teen reality star throws a Friendsgiving dinner for pals Amid Kanye drama 'I had to do that as a mum!' The Duchess of Cambridge puts a comforting arm around mother as son, 13, told Kate of his struggle with autism at charity event Robbie Williams puts on a cheeky display at 2016 ARIA Awards... after admitting that despite being sober for 17 years the event might 'break him' Feeling nippy? Actress Sophie Monk suffers an unfortunate nip-slip in semi-sheer bejewelled silver frock at 2016 ARIA Awards red carpet Sheer faux pas Hitched! Corey Feldman marries girlfriend Courtney Anne in Vegas ceremony... two weeks after popping the question due to deportation fears How low can you go? Sarah Jessica Parker dares to bare in flouncy off-the-shoulder frock for Jimmy Fallon appearance Would Carrie approve? What Kanye crisis? Khloe Kardashian reunites with NBA beau Tristan Thompson in Cleveland to hand out turkey dinners Life carrying on 'Rob and his daughter make me want to cry': Kylie Jenner gushes over snaps of Dream whose mother is her boyfriend's ex One big happy family Bye-bye NY! Kourtney, Khloe and Kris rush back to LA to be with Kim and Kanye as rapper is hospitalized following 'psychiatric emergency' Kardashian clan rush back to L.A. for Kanye's 'psychiatric emergency': Doctors 'feared he'd attack cops who came to hospitalize rapper in cuffs'  Peep show! Mariah Carey flashes her cleavage in Instagram promo for Ellen DeGeneres spot Mock-flashed the camera on the show Elizabeth Hurley, 51, wows in plunging silk gown with eagle-inspired fascinator for Animal Ball... yet BFF Patrick Cox is a feathered fail in face-obscuring hat Zoo's that girl? Olivia Grant, Liz Hurley, Lily Cole and Anna Friel get wild in elaborate headgear as The Animal Ball descends on 40 venues across London Cheap thrills! Multi-millionaire Gwen Stefani shops at affordable retail chain Target with her sons One of the biggest rock stars on the planet FBI closes child abuse investigation of Brad Pitt following review of private jet incident with son Maddox and 'will not pursue further' Cleared Dolly Parton looks colourful in tight holiday inspired outfit for premiere of Christmas Of Many Colours in Tennessee Bright young thing Retail therapy! Kylie Jenner shares lingerie snap as she shops for luxury cars while Kanye West remains hospitalized Stunning Baby, it's cold outside! Jessica Biel takes one-year-old son Silas shopping for winter coats in chilly New York Made sure to be prepared for winter She's got a flare for fashion! Lady Gaga resurrects the '70s in bell bottoms and platforms while out and about in New York Retro vibe Oh deer: Danish royals Princess Mary and Prince Frederik bring their five-year-old twins to inspect slain deer at annual hunting parade  Part of their tradition Tears of terror: I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek and Jordan Banjo are overcome with emotion as stars are locked into boxes full of snakes, rats and bugs Crop at the shops! Emily Ratajkowski shows off flat stomach in skimpy top as she goes on spree in Beverly Hills More clothes than usual 'Things are really heating up': Louis Smith has been secretly 'dating Lucy Mecklenburgh lookalike and Strictly tour dancer Florence Edge' Learning from the best! Miley's little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first music video for Make Me (Cry) Her dad did have an achy breaky heart Chantelle Connelly flaunts her enviably toned body in a sexy bandeau bikini as she enjoys a day of pampering... following fiery Geordie Shore exit Real Housewives of New York star Bethenny Frankel says she's the victim of fraud and malpractice in suit over botched trust with ex Jason Hoppy  'Actually I prefer Batman': Spider-Man Tom Holland laughs off criticism from a young fan as he joins Zendaya to visit children's hospital The big cover up! Jennifer Aniston touches down in LA under a large floppy hat and coat...after talking sex toys on UK television American rapper Mos Def FINALLY allowed to leave South Africa after being detained TEN MONTHS ago for using 'World Passport' Broke immigration laws 'He's not flirty': Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly defends I'm A Celeb star against claims he's getting close to model Lisa Snowdon in the jungle Double nipple rings! Kylie Jenner slyly exposes her new piercings in sheer lace bra as she copies sister Kendall Racy shoot Free Mason! Scott Disick lets his boy off the leash as they go for casual meal together in Beverly Hills A son always sees his father of as a role model Engaged! Rapper Gucci Mane pops the question to girlfriend of six years Keyshia Ka'oir with a 25 CARAT diamond ring on NBA kiss cam 'He's an angel baby': Pregnant Ciara weeps at bedside of terminally ill toddler during hospital visit with NFL star husband Russell Wilson Overcome with emotion Carrie Fisher bundles up for the cold as she arrives at book signing... after revealing she was sent to FAT FARM to play Princess Leia in 1977's Star Wars That's one way to show support! Kourtney Kardashian arrives back in LA wearing Yeezus harem pants as Kanye West remains hospitalised Scarlet siren Myleene Klass stuns in floor-length gown as she goes hand-in-hand with boyfriend Simon Motson at star-studded Save the Children Winter Gala The seldom-seen Delevingne! Poppy rocks neon lace while spotlight-shunning sister Chloe wows in sexy plunging gown at Save the Children gala Braiding love! Leona Lewis goes make-up free with sleek dual plaits as she indulges in retail therapy in Beverly Hills She's a natural beauty Jodie Kidd shows off her slim figure in a cream laser-cut skater dress as she celebrates Fundraiser Of The Year accolade at Just Giving Awards EXCLUSIVE: Leonardo DiCaprio's model ex Kendal Lee Schuler  is pregnant with first child... after unveiling baby bump during sunbathing session Jeremy McConnell makes rare public appearance at Allied screening... days after vowing to NEVER get back with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis Kanye West gives strange interview with Surface magazine ahead of being hospitalized for exhaustion and cancelling concert dates Where are North and Saint? Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's children 'under care of nannies' amid rapper's mental health emergency 'I want to be back here!' Ireland Baldwin shares racy swimsuit snap as she waxes nostalgic over Hawaiian photoshoot Sunny climes  It's a boy! Peter Andre and his wife Emily MacDonagh are 'extremely happy' after welcoming a healthy son into their growing family Good news Anna Friel is regal in an extravagant bird headpiece and ivory gown as she joins Ellie Goulding and Princess Eugenie at The Animal Ball 2016 Pregnant Marion Cotillard masks her burgeoning baby bump in plunging black gown as she joins Allied co-star Brad Pitt at Madrid premiere SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I say, there's a Bentley in the bath! Made in Chelsea's Olivia shares a naked picture of herself Racy Make-up free Alessandra Ambrosio works up a healthy sweat as she shows off her toned tummy in a sports bra after a workout in Los Angeles November 30 Rita Ora rocks a leather jacket and ripped jeans as she makes a low-key landing into Heathrow fresh from the set of her new movie Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna 'hurls a BOTTLE at crowd of rowdy revellers' as he's jeered off stage during appearance at Newcastle nightclub Ellie the elephant! Goulding sports a lavish pom pom embellished headdress and plunging gold gown at star-studded Animal Ball 2016 in London 'I think he's exhausted': Kris Jenner talks of 'tired' Kanye West... as it's revealed rapper 'hadn't been himself for a while' before hospitalization Separate addresses? Kim Kardashian 'moved into mother Kris Jenner's Hidden Hills mansion when Kanye began his Pablo tour' What's going on? Jo Wood and burly builder ex Paul Scarborough continue to fuel rumours of romantic reunion as they get cosy while attending bash together The real stars of The Crown: No, not the actors but the 20,000 costumes designed with obsessive attention to historic detail - and cost be damned Petra Nemcova cuts a flirty figure as in a perilously plunging top and feathered skirt as she party hops in London Model behaviour Charlotte McKinney shows off her ample cleavage in high waisted jeans and skintight top as she catches a flight out of LAX Simple style So good she bought it twice! Duchess of Cambridge dazzles in £995 cocktail dress at children's charity (SAME one she wore in red on in Canada)  Are they or aren't they? Bachelor vet Ben Higgins talks wedding plans with Lauren Bushnell AFTER announcing their engagement is off Anaïs Gallagher shows off her rock chick credentials in bold neon pink shirt with studded biker jacket at Design Museum bash  Edgy style Lily Cole makes extremely rare red carpet appearance with partner Kwame Ferreira in support of The Animal Ball 2016 Date night 'My big crush was Alyssa Milano': Justin Timberlake reveals he had a poster of the Who's the Boss star on his wall as a kid during new interview  Harry's girl Meghan Markle says she wants to smash glass ceilings rather than having 'glass slippers' - even though she is dating a prince Jenni Falconer shows off her sensational curves in bold fuchsia gown as she wows at star-studded hair extensions bash Think pink 'I feel like it was our version of The Notebook': Jennifer Lawrence reveals she and BFF Emma Stone texted every day for a year Foxy Lady! Vogue Williams shows off her peachy posterior in a tiny black bikini... after 'going public with thespian beau Lawrence Fox' Back to work! Original Heathers star Shannen Doherty shares first photo on the set of the TV reboot as she continues to battle cancer Donna Air is dazzling in a pleated gold lamé gown as she joins beau James Middleton at The Animal Ball... after admitting she wants more children 'Nothing compares to you': Sofia Vergara celebrates first anniversary to Joe Manganiello with photos from their lavish wedding Is Adele's Australian tour in jeopardy? As tickets are refunded and the singer announces she is 'going to have another baby' fans begin to worry Suits you! Olga Kurylenko opts for flirty and feminine lace dress while Eva Herzigova nails masculine chic as they attend star-studded museum bash Jade Fur-wall! Little Mix singer steals the limelight from bandmates in tiny gold dress and luxurious red coat as she arrives for radio interview in Paris Hot to trot! Make-up free Kaley Cuoco leaves yoga class wearing a towel as a skirt and Uggs ahead of first Thanksgiving with equestrian beau The way we were! Shia LaBeouf swings by Jimmy Kimmel Live! where he is gifted commemorative plates depicting all his past appearances Carrie Fisher reveals she was sent to a FAT FARM before appearing in 1977's Star Wars because 'they didn't want all of me, just part of me' 'It's my embarrassment, not his!' Martine McCutcheon insists she DID vomit in Mick Hucknall's hair during disasterous date 'No one was a fan of the theme song': Jennifer Aniston reveals Friends cast disliked I'll Be There for You... as she admits dancing in fountain felt 'odd' Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian stop by Tommy Hilfiger's NYC offices day after their brother-in-law Kanye West is hospitalized Business as usual 'My dad was way more strict than my mom': Kendall Jenner shares flashback photo when Caitlyn was Bruce while revealing parenting styles 'Fading fast': Lightning McQueen crashes and flips in new teaser for Pixar's big budget upcoming animated sequel Cars 3 Coming soon Louise Redknapp jokes she's feeling the pressure to have a baby after dancing with Strictly's 'fertility king' Kevin Clifton    Takes two to tango Namaste! Jennifer Garner looks refreshed while leaving a yoga class in LA after more claims she is back with Ben Affleck Happy and healthy 'I used to resent them but now I feel extremely empowered': Anastacia reveals her mastectomy scars for the first time as she poses naked for stunning new shoot A natural! Rihanna has fun as she gets behind a long lens camera on the New York set of all-female Ocean's Eight film  Picking up tips Lostprophets singer Ian Watkins 'tweets from prison' where he is serving 35 years for hideous sex offences including trying to rape an 11-month-old baby Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Travel Blogs Photos Videos Property TIMES NEWS - RADIO Good Governance Business India Business International Business Markets Photos Videos ALL News Home » Business » India Business Why are FIIs going light on these 20 stocks? 10 stocks that gave over 40% return last year Top fund managers bought stocks you sold in July STREET UPDATE: Who moved my market today Commodities: Gold | Crude | Base metals F&O view: Call writing at 8,600, 8,700 to cap Tree House-Zee Learn deal: All that you must know Why you should pray for a market correction ASAP Birla wants to feed the financial services 'animal' Stks, bonds rally as mkt-friendly RBI Guv awaited Nirma, Lafarge cement Rs 9000 crore deal Piramal books a ride on Siva’s Utoo Experian launches CrossCore for intra-bank Corporates switching to eco-friendly PET bottles RBI cracks whip to stop ATM fraud Sensex tanks 133 pts in early trade on Asian cues Sensex slumps to 3-week low, sinks 215 points HUL splits foods and refreshments portfolio Sebi moots new norms for warehouses in comex space 10 Indian companies in 25 top workplaces list for Will the global markets be awash with cheap money Business, recruitment in China hit record lows European Union is 'falling apart', Soros warns China official says no plans to devalue yuan New IMF chief to be selected soon Facebook will counter hate speech in Europe Toyota recalls 6.5 mn vehicles globally over window Sensex climbs 180 points on GST hopes Flipkart-owned Myntra acquires Jabong Sensex rallies 464 pts Sensex bounces 99 points, Nifty above 7,800 Sensex soars 326 points, Nifty reclaims 7,800-mark in early trade Infosys overtakes TCS to become the ‘most valued stock’ Nila Infra bags EPC contract worth crores New water absorbent product 'Zeba' HPCL to set up largest LPG plant 'Focus on operational efficiency' Power Grid Q1 beats estimates July WPI inflation at 2-yr high Brazil co with Future, Walmart eye food retail A Brazilian company along with Kishore Biyani's Future Group has shown interest in entering the food retail after a new window for foreign direct investment was opened, a top government official said, adding that global retail giant Walmart has also shown interest.TNN | Aug 18, 2016, 03.01 AM IST NEW DELHI: A Brazilian company along with Kishore Biyani's Future Group has shown interest in entering the food retail after a new window for foreign direct investment was opened, a top government official said, adding that global retail giant Walmart has also shown interest. The government recently allowed 100% FDI in food retail with the rider that the products have to be produced or manufactured in the country. Although no player has so far entered the segment, government officials have maintained that there is a lot of interest from several players. "Walmart is showing lot of interest. Now, we are hoping they will come on their own and they will add to the growth story of this country," food processing secretary A K Srivastava said at a press conference. He also said that a leading Brazilian poultry company had met him but did not disclose its identity. "A Brazilian company claiming to be world's leading exporter in poultry sector met us yesterday. They want to tie up with Biyani's Future Group to use their retail outlets." When contacted, a Future Group executive said: "We are always in talks with multinational food companies and the Brazilian company may sell its products through our stores." Walmart's name has been doing the rounds for a possible entry into the arena, but the Indian arm of the world's largest retailer said it is evaluating options. "This step (100% FDI) will help in reducing wastage, help in farm diversification and encourage industry to produce locally within the country. This move will benefit farmers, give impetus to food processing industry and create vast employment opportunities in the country. We are evaluating the model as per the guidelines announced," Walmart India president & CEO Krish Iyer said. Walmart is currently operating in the cash-and-carry retail format in the country, which does not allow it to sell directly to consumers but instead confine itself to large buyers such as restaurants, canteens and even retailers. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web More from The Times of India Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Rio Olympics 2016Rio 2016 Olympics Live Update Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular With comments on Balochistan, PM signals no more unnecessary restraint on Kashmir: Experts Why scientists of Indian origin are leaving a better life and returning to India ‘Thanks, PM Modi’: Balochi activists thank him for raising the issue AirAsia to add new cities under its wings, says Amar Abrol In a conversation, Amar Abrol, CEO, AirAsia India talks about expansion of the company. The airline has added Hyderabad to it's network of destinations and is aiming to connect it with Bengaluru, Goa and Guwahati. Power Grid's Q1 profit up 33% at Rs 1,801.77 crore State-run Power Grid Corporation today reported a 33 per cent growth in standalone net profit at Rs 1,801.77 crore for the quarter ended June 30. The company had clocked a net profit of Rs 1,355.64 crore in the year-ago period, Power Grid said in a BSE filing. From around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Snapdeal closes fashion portal 1 yr after acquisition ChrysCapital set for Rs 600cr stake in Hero FinCorp Cisco layoff likely to impact India R&D Organised wholesale makes a splash Gold demand may pick up in second half of 2016, say experts Bank employees to protest against merger of SBI & associate banks South Indian Bank promises Rs 1 crore to Kochi Biennale FPIs prefer direct route over P-Notes to invest in India: PwC survey Indian CFOs optimistic about revenue growth but still divided on taking risks 1Brazil co with Future, Walmart eye food retail 2Snapdeal closes fashion portal 1 yr after acquisition 3ChrysCapital set for Rs 600cr stake in Hero FinCorp 4Cisco layoff likely to impact India R&D 5Organised wholesale makes a splash 6Gold demand may pick up in second half of 2016, say experts 7Bank employees to protest against merger of SBI & associate banks 8South Indian Bank promises Rs 1 crore to Kochi Biennale 9FPIs prefer direct route over P-Notes to invest in India: PwC survey 10Indian CFOs optimistic about revenue growth but still divided on taking risks About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Gadget Reviews | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web New Cars | Real Estate | Cricket News | Delhi To Leh Bus Service | Sultan Box office Prediction Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Send money to India | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings in Mumbai | Remit to India | Buy Mobiles | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Compare Mobile Phones | Bollywood News Trending Topics Best of Savdhaan India | Kamasutra | Beauty Care | Recipes | Facebook | Sunny Leone Photos | Hindi News FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Rio 2016: Biles wins record-equalling fourth gold with floor victory 'Act of God': Ruinous flooding catches Louisiana off guard What is No Man’s Sky? Tips for new galactic explorers Russia uses Iranian airbase to strike IS targets in Syria Google Hangouts may see new target audience post Duo, Allo rollout Bangladesh central bank says withholding heist probe info from 'foreign perpetrators' Wholesale inflation soars to 23-mth high Akshay Kumar: Hrithik Roshan and I are still friends Rio Olympics: Vikas Krishan ousted, boxers sign off without medal Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
Back to school price comparison shows it matters where you shop - WMBFNews.com, Myrtle Beach/Florence SC, Weather Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Holiday Give Giveaway Slideshows Viewer Pics Holiday Season 2016 Live Links Contests Legal Access Hurricane Matthew WMBF News at 4 Download Our New App Decision 2016 Lifestyle SC News Now Text Alerts & Emails WMBF News on Facebook @wmbfnews on Twitter @wmbfnews on Instagram WMBFNews on SnapChat Local Local Professionals Center Angel Tree Grand Strand News Pee Dee News Fit Family Friday Deal Diva Student Spotlight Consider This Missing Persons Pets of the Day Obituaries Business Break Lottery Numbers Memorial Day Bikefest 2016 WEATHER Hurricane Matthew Interactive Radar Hurricane Tracker Weather News Skycam Network Text Alerts & Emails Download the free First Alert Weather App for your Android and iOS devices Midland Weather Radio Protect My House Marine Forecast Terminix Mosquito Forecast SPORTS Extra Point South Carolina Sports Headlines Coastal Carolina Chanticleers National Sports Myrtle Beach Pelicans Sports Video North Carolina Sports Headlines Summer Olympics 2016 in Rio Georgia Sports Headlines Athlete of the Week Darlington Race Day Live VIDEO WMBF INVESTIGATES Submit a News Tip Restaurant Scorecard Government Employee Salary Database Special Reports Archive Special Reports Archives: 2014 Special Reports Archives: 2013 Special Reports Archives: 2012 Special Reports Archives: 2011 Special Reports Archives: 2010 CRIME Mugshots of the Day Horry County Suspect Search Crime in the Grand Strand Crime in the Pee Dee Crime Links Contact Local Law Enforcement Traffic Just Drive Real-time Traffic SCDOT cameras, incident map, and information Family Travel International Travel Gas Price Corner TV What's On Now WMBF News Channel List Grit TV Bounce TV What's On NBC Right This Minute Video Coverage Flip My Food Fix It & Finish It ABOUT US Meet the WMBF Team Advertise with WMBF News Contact WMBF News Digital Sales Closed Captioning Internship Opportunities RSS Employment Tour WMBF News WMBF Public File Shop 84300 Back to school price comparison shows it matters where you shop 2016-08-12T11:10:40Z2016-08-12T15:00:29Z By Meredith Helline, Reporter Email Connect mhelline@wmbfnews.com (Source: WMBF News) MYRTLE BEACH, SC (WMBF) - If you missed tax free weekend, don't worry too much.  Sales are still going on at most stores and you won't be the only one checking items off your child's back to school supply list.  WMBF News decided to price out the most common items from three different stores to help save you money. WMBF News reporter Meredith Helline took a look at your school lists and found out the best places to buy.  She found many prices are comparable, but when it comes to bigger items like expandable folders and backpacks, it does matter where you shop. Back to school shopping is something to look forward to for many students.  Adrienne Shaub is an Horry County school parent and Target employee.  She's watched the shelves at the store load up and be picked away to emptiness.  Now, she said, they're clearing out the warehouses and the last of back to school supplies are stocked, with great sales. "We're very, very busy, usually back to school time is our busiest time besides Christmas," Shaub said. While kids have fun picking out new backpacks, parents are looking at the prices.  Looking at our local school supply lists, we know your receipt reflects where your child goes to school.  Some lists are long, others are short.  WMBF News visited Target, Walmart and Office Max to see what's the best deal on the biggest items. Composition notebooks run at 50 cents at both Walmart and Target.  A 24-pack of Crayola Crayons also runs at 50 cents at those stores.  However, they were sold out Thursday at Myrtle Beach's Walmart Supercenter.   Despite sell-outs, coupons are still flowing on top of the in-store sales.  Shaub wanted to remind people that not all paper and online coupons will be honored at stores.  She said coupons are very specific as to what they apply to.  So, not every thing you see online will be the same in stores.  WMBF News found the best prices at Walmart and Target inside the store, while Office Max was a mix of both. "Throughout the seasons they will have certain items on sale.  So like right now there's a whole category just on specific sales within the school department that the guest can use on top of sales and like manufactured coupons and stuff," Shaub said. We looked at top back to school items that aren't similarly priced from store to store.  This is what we found: For backpacks, Jansport is a popular brand and $34.99 at Target right now. The same brand is cheaper at Walmart at $31.45.  However, there are fewer to choose from.  All three stores have other backpacks as well; online, Walmart shows children's backpacks lower than $5 dollars.  The stores also all have sales on their backpacks right now. A four pack of EXPO markers is on sale at Target for $3.47.  At Office Max: $7.89.  Sharpies are popular; you can get a 10 pack of Sharpies on sale for $5 at Target, or a 12-pack for $12.49 at Office Max.  We found Target carries items like pens in packs of 10, while Walmart and Office Max carry them more often is packages of eight and 12.  Loose-leaf paper is probably one of the hottest things to buy.   At Office Max, they have 100 count packs for one cent.  At Walmart, 82 cents for a 150 sheet pack.  At Target, 50 cents for 100 sheets. We found it matters where you shop.  Breaking things out by category, Office Max has the lowest prices for paper and ballpoint pens.  Target and Walmart are in the same range, though. Target came through with the best prices, durability and selection of expandable folders.  Don't forget about school necessities like paper towels, facial tissue, hand sanitizer and plastic lunch baggies.  Those show up on almost all supply lists.  We found Walmart has the lowest prices on those: 180 baggies per Ziploc box for $3.92. Copyright 2016 WMBF News. All rights reserved. Back to school price comparison shows it matters where you shopMore>> Summer's Almost Over! Back to School Back to School Find all the news and information you need for the 2015-2016 school year hereMore >> Find all the news and information you need for the 2015-2016 school year hereMore >> Local NewsLocalMore>> Local police departments offer Thanksgiving travel tips Local police departments offer Thanksgiving travel tips Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 1:25 PM EST2016-11-23 18:25:33 GMT Travel tips (Source: Myrtle Beach PD's Facebook page) Thanksgiving has been constantly known as the most traveled holiday of the year, and law enforcement is encouraging everyone to be safe on roadways. More >> Thanksgiving has been constantly known as the most traveled holiday of the year, and law enforcement is encouraging everyone to be safe on roadways. More >> Breaking UPDATE: Suspect charged in connection with deadly Conway shooting UPDATE: Suspect charged in connection with deadly Conway shooting Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 12:58 PM EST2016-11-23 17:58:24 GMT Crime scene tape around the scene of the shooting in Dillon St. in Conway. (Source: Jonathan Dick) A taxi-cab driver was found dead after a shooting on Dillon Street in Conway Monday morning, confirmed Horry County Deputy Coroner Tony Hendricks.More >> A taxi-cab driver was found dead after a shooting on Dillon Street in Conway Monday morning, confirmed Horry County Deputy Coroner Tony Hendricks.More >> Local counties release list of closed offices for Thanksgiving 2016 Local counties release list of closed offices for Thanksgiving 2016 Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 12:13 PM EST2016-11-23 17:13:38 GMT Several local offices and businesses in the Grand Strand and Pee Dee will be closed for the Thanksgiving holiday, according to local counties' websites. More >> Several local offices and businesses in the Grand Strand and Pee Dee will be closed for the Thanksgiving holiday, according to local counties' websites.More >> Construction of stage at Chapin Park underway Construction of stage at Chapin Park underway Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 12:07 PM EST2016-11-23 17:07:29 GMT (Source: City of Myrtle Beach) Improvements to Chapin Park in the City of Myrtle Beach are taking shape, with construction underway on a stage, which is expected to be complete early next year. The stage is one of several improvements that have come to the park in the past few months to make the park more functional for additional events, according to the city. More >> Improvements to Chapin Park in the City of Myrtle Beach are taking shape, with construction underway on a stage, which is expected to be complete early next year. The stage is one of several improvements that have come to the park in the past few months to make the park more functional for additional events, according to the city.More >> Breaking Police believe drive-by shootings in Bennettsville may be retaliation for teen’s death Police believe drive-by shootings in Bennettsville may be retaliation for teen’s death Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 10:36 AM EST2016-11-23 15:36:52 GMT Street sign at the entrance of Moore Street, where 3 drive-by shootings have been reported this week. (Source: Google Maps) Two drive-by shootings were reported within an hour of each other at the same home in Bennettsville Tuesday night, one day after three adults and two juveniles were arrested for a drive-by shooting on the same street. Police believe these shootings may be in retaliation to the fatal shooting of a teenager back in March.More >> Two drive-by shootings were reported within an hour of each other at the same home in Bennettsville Tuesday night, one day after three adults and two juveniles were arrested for a drive-by shooting on the same street. Police believe these shootings may be in retaliation to the fatal shooting of a teenager back in March.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Warrant: Man charged with murder after wife found dead, may be traveling with 17-year-old Warrant: Man charged with murder after wife found dead, may be traveling with 17-year-old Posted: Tuesday, November 22 2016 9:48 AM EST2016-11-22 14:48:36 GMT Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 10:54 AM EST2016-11-23 15:54:14 GMT John Blauvelt (Source: Simpsonville PD) Hannah Thompson (Source: Fountain Inn Police Department) Simpsonville police have arrested one man and are searching for another, who is considered armed and dangerous, in case of a woman found stabbed to death in an abandoned home in October.  More >> Simpsonville police have arrested one man and are searching for another, who is considered armed and dangerous, in case of a woman found stabbed to death in an abandoned home in October. More >> Children found covered in feces in 'hell hole' apartment Children found covered in feces in 'hell hole' apartment Posted: Tuesday, November 22 2016 1:03 AM EST2016-11-22 06:03:33 GMT Updated: Tuesday, November 22 2016 1:03 AM EST2016-11-22 06:03:33 GMT Police officers, one wearing a Hazmat suit, stand outside the apartment where two young children were found living in squalor, one of them harnessed to a bed. (Source: WFXT/CNN) The couple’s 2-year-old daughter was found naked in her crib, shivering from the cold and smeared with feces. Their 4-year-old son was in another bedroom, tied down to the top of a bunk bedMore >> The couple’s 2-year-old daughter was found naked in her crib, shivering from the cold and smeared with feces. Their 4-year-old son was in another bedroom, tied down to the top of a bunk bedMore >> Boy killed in bus crash a jokester; girl liked dress-up Boy killed in bus crash a jokester; girl liked dress-up Posted: Wednesday, November 23 2016 1:23 PM EST2016-11-23 18:23:42 GMT Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 1:23 PM EST2016-11-23 18:23:42 GMT Thirty-five children had been riding on a bus police said was traveling too fast Monday afternoon when it veered off a narrow, winding road and crashed into a tree on the way home from elementary school. More >> D'Myunn Brown liked to play little tricks on grown-ups. The 6-year-old would snatch a cell phone, hide it, then giggle and bat his big brown eyes with long, thick lashes.More >> Classic 'WKRP' turkey episode has become a Thanksgiving tradition Classic 'WKRP' turkey episode has become a Thanksgiving tradition Posted: Wednesday, November 23 2016 12:24 PM EST2016-11-23 17:24:30 GMT Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 12:24 PM EST2016-11-23 17:24:30 GMT ‘As God is my witness, I thought turkeys could fly’More >> A classic TV show's unforgettable and hilarious Thanksgiving episode has endured through the ages.More >> Children killed in Chattanooga bus crash identified Children killed in Chattanooga bus crash identified Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 11:38 AM EST2016-11-23 16:38:22 GMT (from left to right) D'Myunn Brown, Zoie Nash, Cordayja Jones, Zyaira Mateen, and Zyanna Harris (Source: Family via Facebook) Four of the five children killed in Monday's school bus crash in Chattanooga have been identified by family members.More >> All five children killed in Monday's school bus crash in Chattanooga have been identified by family members.More >> Gov. Nikki Haley accepts offer to be Trump's U.N. Ambassador Gov. Nikki Haley accepts offer to be Trump's U.N. Ambassador Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 9:22 AM EST2016-11-23 14:22:53 GMT Gov. Nikki Haley has reportedly accepted a role as U.N. Ambassador in President-elect Donald Trump's administration. (Source: Governor's Office) South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley has accepted President-elect Donald Trump's offer to become the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations. More >> South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley has accepted President-elect Donald Trump's offer to become the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations.More >> Trump taps SC Gov Haley and charter school backer DeVos Trump taps SC Gov Haley and charter school backer DeVos Posted: Wednesday, November 23 2016 1:24 PM EST2016-11-23 18:24:26 GMT Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 1:24 PM EST2016-11-23 18:24:26 GMT President-elect Donald Trump has chosen South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley as U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, the first woman tapped for a top-level administration post during his White House transition so far.More >> President-elect Donald Trump has chosen South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley to serve as U.S. ambassador to the United Nations and prominent charter school advocate Betsy DeVos as his secretary of education, the first women...More >> Parents volunteer kids for night in jail in hopes of behavior turnaround Parents volunteer kids for night in jail in hopes of behavior turnaround Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 6:18 AM EST2016-11-23 11:18:14 GMT (Michael Clark | WBTV) Children as young as 11 participated in the Chester County Sheriff's Offices' Project STORM. More >> Children as young as 11 participated in the Chester County Sheriff's Offices' Project STORM.More >> World's tallest waterslide to be demolished after boy died World's tallest waterslide to be demolished after boy died Posted: Wednesday, November 23 2016 12:03 PM EST2016-11-23 17:03:08 GMT Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 12:03 PM EST2016-11-23 17:03:08 GMT A 168-foot-tall Kansas waterslide on which a state lawmaker's 10-year-old son was killed last summer will be demolished once the unfolding investigation of the tragedy is finished, the water park's...More >> A 168-foot-tall Kansas waterslide on which a state lawmaker's 10-year-old son was killed last summer will be demolished once the investigations of the tragedy are finished, the water park's operators said.More >> Support pouring in for widower selling firewood Support pouring in for widower selling firewood Updated: Monday, November 21 2016 10:54 PM EST2016-11-22 03:54:26 GMT One man's roadside firewood stand in Gulfport is getting the attention of thousands of people all across the world. It's his heartbreaking story that has people jumping at the chance to help. More >> One man's roadside firewood stand in Gulfport is getting the attention of thousands of people all across the world. It's his heartbreaking story that has people jumping at the chance to help.More >>    Can't Find Something? 918 Frontage Rd. East Myrtle Beach, SC 29577 (843) 839-9623 FCC Public File sarahmiles@wmbfnews.com (843) 839-9623 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Search for: The Mountain Jackpot News Main menu Skip to content Home Almanac Victor Happenings Classifieds General Business Stories Letters News Woodland Park Cripple Creek Police Commentary Mike Parish Beth Dodd Eli Stone Photo Gallery Sponsors/Ad COS Airport Status/Delays TMJ Distribution Centers Contact Us Obituaries Colorado Alternatives Special Section Videos Sub menu Almanac Week of 8.16.16 Tuesday, August 16 The Green Mountain Falls Board of Trustees will meet on Aug. 16 at 6:30 p.m. in the GMF Town Hall. Wednesday, August 17 TSC (Teller Senior Coalition) Transit is excited to announce our bus service on Wednesdays in Woodland Park. This is a joint venture with Cripple Creek Transit to provide much needed transportation service between Cripple Creek and Woodland Park. TSC Transit will be picking up from the Senior Center and will be making stops at Pikes Peak Family Medicine, Pikes Peak Regional Hospital, City Market, Safeway, Walgreens, Walmart, and the Department of Social Services upon request. Call 719-687-0256 for more details or visit the TSC website at www.tellerseniorcoalition.com for a full schedule of pick up and drop off times. The Cripple Creek City Council will meet on Aug. 17 at 5:30 p.m. in the CC Council Chambers. The council will hold a workshop at 4 p.m. on lighting of buildings in the downtown district. Thursday, August 18 TOPS, Take Off Pounds Sensibly. The original nonprofit weight-loss group is an educational support group providing weekly weigh-ins and programs to help members make positive changes in the role food plays in their lives. Local chapter meets every Thursday at 10 am in Green Mountain Falls at the Church in the Wildwood. Call Evelyn at 719-748-8383 for more information. The Woodland Park City Council will meet on Aug. 18 at 7 p.m. in the WP City Council Chambers, next to city hall, at 7 p.m. Rock, Gem and Jewelry Show. Come out to the 7th annual Woodland Park Rock, Gem and Jeweler Show. Thursday thru Sunday, August 18th-21st. 9am to 5pm. We have over 40 great dealers with minerals, fossils, petrified wood, crystals, gem stones and much, much more! You will meet custom jewelers with beautiful jewelery not found in stores. We have a great mineral auction open to the public both Friday and Saturday nights starting at 6pm. FUN FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY AND IT’S FREE! Located in Woodland Park on Highway 24 between Walmart and Burger King. Friday, August 19 The Pikes Peak Rotary Club will meet at 7 a.m. at the Woodland Park Public Library every Friday. The Cripple Creek Parks and Recreation will host roller skating and blading activities on every Friday from 1 to 4 p.m. Call 719-689-3514 for more information. Outpost Farm and Art Market. This summer the Outpost Feed& Ranch Supply in Florissant is hosting its second annual Friday Farm & Art Market. The Outpost is located just off Hwy 24 on Teller CR 1 across from the post office. Our local Teller County growers are just now beginning to be able to harvest and bring their produce to market. Last week, the best bargain was fresh kale, grown right here in Florissant without the use of pesticides and it was just $2 a bunch. Food vendors include Gold Camp Bakery and Philly Joe’s Cheesesteaks. Local artisans participating this year include High Altitude Ponies, Beads by Catherine, and stoneware pottery by Fn’A Studios. The Thymekeeper, a well-known local herbalist, is also on hand every Friday. The Outpost Feed & Ranch Supply Friday Farm & Art Market is open from 10 am to 4 pm, weather permitting. Find them on Facebook or call 719-748-5039 if you have any questions. Farmer’s Market. Woodland Park’s Award Winning Outdoor Summer Market is held every Friday from June-September near Vectra Bank off Hwy. 24 from 7 a.m. to 1 p.m. Over 80 vendors will be providing Colorado grown vegetables, fruits, plants, and a variety of other products. In addition, you can purchase a wide assortment of baked goods, cheese, pastas, olive oils and personal care products. Don’t forget to swing by the food trucks and tents for breakfast, lunch, musical entertainments and so much more. For more information, call Judy Crummett at 719-689-3133. Pippin and Darling of the Donkey shows. The Thin Air Theatre Company will do continual performances of the Tony-award winning musical, Pippin at the Butte Theater in Cripple Creek throughout the summer. This performance, which continues through Aug. 27, features sizzling choreography and an award-winning score. In addition, the Butte this summer will also do regular performances of one of its favorite melodramas, Darling of the Donkey Derby. For more information and to make reservations visit ButteTheater.com., or call 719-689-3247. Saturday, Aug. 20 Salute to American Veterans Rally. One of the most popular events of the summer rolls through Teller County and Cripple Creek with the largest motorcycle procession in the state, extending from Woodland Park to Cripple Creek the morning of Aug. 20. Then, Cripple Creek will host a variety of veteran tributes, a parade and various festivities throughout the day. The event culminates on Aug. 21 with a Pikes Peak Memorial Wall Dedication at Mt. Pisgah Cemetery, honoring veteran who have died during the conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq. For event details, visit www.VisitCrippleCreek.com/Events Come to “The Great Outdoors” Fundraiser Yard Sale, to support the Coalition for the Upper South Platte (CUSP). Fishing, camping, climbing, hiking, skiing, exercise gear and nature arts & crafts. Donations encouraged. Saturday, Aug. 20, 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. at the CUSP office, 38000 Cherokee Ave., Lake George. For information and donation drop off contact Helen at: Helen@uppersouthplatte.org or 719-748-0033. Mining Tours. Modern mine tours, which start from Victor’s Lowell Thomas museum, are now occurring throughout the week. These popular gold mine tours feature the modern mining operations of Cripple Creek & Victor Gold Mining Company, which is operated by Newmont Mining Company. Tour experiences will offer the chance to see giant haul trucks, shovels and drill rigs in action in the large surface mine between Victor and Cripple Creek, Colorado. Watch boulders being crushed into gravel and learn about the modern refining methods while helping to preserve the district’s 1890’s history – all tour proceeds go to the Museum to help offset operations and building renovation costs. This summer the mine tours will be available through Sept. 5 at 10 a.m. and 1 p.m., daily except no tours will be held on Thursdays. In addition, tours are offered Sept. 11 and 12 at 10 and 1 p.m. Check VictorColorado.com for additional tour times and dates. The cost is $7.50 per person – an affordable way for the entire family to see a real working gold mine. Only children 5 years of age and older are allowed on the tours. Please be sure to reserve your tour dates. Upcoming Free Concert. A Free “Picnic Lunch on the Green” concert will be held Sunday, August 21 at 1 p.m. The Woodland Park Wind Symphony, one of the most innovative concert bands of the Pikes Peak area, invites you to join us with picnic baskets in hand to enjoy the exciting sounds created by “a family of people performing music for the people”. All ages welcome. Midland Pavilion in Woodland Park, next to Ute Pass Cultural Center, 210 E. Midland Avenue. Sponsored by Woodland Music Series. For more information, call 719-689-5785. Paws in the Park. Join us for the 5th Annual Paws in the Park 5K Trail Run/Walk on Saturday, August 27 in Divide. Will feature a Chip-timed race, awards, great prizes and team challenges. All proceeds benefit the animals of TCRAS. The 5K Trail/Run will take you through the Hayden Divide Park Loop. Experience gorgeous views of Pikes Peak, the mountains, green meadows, and fresh air. Well-behaved leashed pets are welcome. The even will occur at 308 Weaverville Road, Divide. Register at www.tcrascolorado.org or call 719-686-7707 Great Divide Kite Flight. Scheduled for Sat. Aug. 27 from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. at Hayden Divide Park. FREE FAMILY FUN! DRAWING FOR A FREE KID’S BIKE! Festivities include Healthy Snacks, Activities, Give-Aways and Free Kites provided to children under 12 who come to fly a kite! Sponored by the Divide Chamber of Commerce and Edward Jones Investments (Lee Taylor). For more information, contact Lisa Lee at Shipping Plus, 686-7587. Shady Side of History. The shady side of history will be the focus of a presentation at the Victor Lowell Thomas Museum on Saturday, Sept. 3. The event is free but seating is limited. Victor author Jan MacKell Collins in 2015 published her latest book on the subject of red light districts in the West. Her research and writings have put a human face on the hidden histories of prostitutes and the shady side of mining camps. Wild Women of Prescott, Arizona tells the stories of shady ladies in the uncivilized territory of Arizona. Collins writes about prostitution history and other interesting aspects of the West. She is formerly the director of the Cripple Creek District Museum and the Old Homestead Parlor House Museum in Cripple Creek. She has also had the pleasure of working for Sharlot Hall Museum in Prescott, AZ and is a former board member of the High Desert Heritage Museum in Cordes Junction, AZ. In addition, Collins has written over 2,000 western history articles for magazines in Colorado, Montana and Arizona, including True West magazine. For more information, call 719-689-5509. For more information on Collins, visit http://janmackellcollins.wix.com/janmackellcollins. The annual meeting of the Divide Planning Committee will be held September 7, starting at 7 p.m. at the Little Chapel of the Hills in Divide (located at 69 County Road 5, Divide, CO). All residents/businesses of the Divide Region are welcome and encouraged to attend to receive an update of activities for the past 12 months. Elections will be held for members whose terms expire. Visit the divideplanning.org website for information. Garage Sale Mark your calendars for Sept. 10 and 11, and plan to attend Victor’s first Ghost Town Garage Sale Weekend. The town will be making space available in some of the currently unoccupied turn-of-the century buildings for vendors to set up with their wares. The aspen leaves will be golden in color and the rusty gold will abound. In addition, Victor has several great antique stores and eateries that will be offering specials/discounts. Call 574-524-0833 for more information or to reserve a space.Sign up for vendors will be open thru Sept. 5 at Claim Jumper or by emailing at Tuscanyllc@gmail.com. Maps of the sales will be available at claim jumper Sept. 6 through the weekend of the event. Sales will be located throughout town from 8 am-4 pm each day. Call 574-524-0833 for more information or to reserve a space.More information will be available at cityofvictor.com/ghosttown.html . Manitou Springs/Colorado Springs Pikes Peak Ascent and Marathon. The popular Pikes Peak Ascent and Marathon up and down the Barr Trail will be held on Aug. 20 and Aug. 21. These world-famous events feature a run to the top of Pikes Peak. And for those daring enough, the Marathon involves both a run and up down the mountain. For more information, call 719-473-2625. Learn the History and Live the Fun. Start the haunting season off with a historic guided tour of Fairview Cemetery by moonlight. At the Fairview Cemetery on Sept. 17 from 6 to 8 p.m. Hear the tale of the two madams who met violent deaths; the Reverent who took an unwanted winter shower; a founding father who was murdered; the railroad worker who met a gruesome death on the Midland; and much more!! Learn the history of Colorado City with murder and mayhem.This event benefits the Old Colorado Historical Society. Reserve your tour by calling 719-636-1225. Tickets are $20 per person with group rates available. Don’t miss this fun family event. “LEARN THE HISTORY AND LIVE THE FUN.” Post navigation ← TMJ Week of 8.16.16 Major Pot Operation Seized Outside Woodland Park Feds Assault Medical and Recreational Marijuana Effort – Rick Langenberg → Weather Updates Image of the Week Woodland Park Cripple Creek Manitou Springs Florissant Green Mountain Falls Victor Canon City This Weeks Front Page In Print Twitter Tweets by @TMountainJ Like Us On Facebook Here Cripple Creek Today The Cripple Creek Today Blog is to inform, entertain and engage residents and visitors alike. Take a Look... TMJ Distribution Centers Pick up TMJ at over 150 businesses (click here for the list) CategoriesCategories Select Category Almanac Beth Dodd Biz: Lodging Biz: Restaurants Business Stories Cathy Mahrholz Classified Colorado Alternatives Special Section Commentary Contact Us COS Airport Status/Delays CR Chambers Cripple Creek Cripple Creek Eli Stone Front Page General Green Mountain Falls Horoscope Letters Local Local Event Calendar Manitou Meet a Creeker Mike Parish News Obituaries Photo Gallery Police Rick Langenberg Robert Volpe Sponsors/Ad Square Peg TMJ Distribution Centers U-Report Victor Happenings Videos Waldo Canyon Fire Photo Gallery Waldo Canyon Pics Weather Woodland Park Woodland Park Pages About Browse Ads Browse Categories Search Ads Tags Almanac cheap michael coach purses u Commentary divide Front Page Local Announcements Manitou michael kors 2 michael kors p michael kors w Mike Parish Police Rick Langenberg Steve Kipp Woodland Park Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 November 2011 September 2011 July 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 Recent Posts Oh The Trauma November 22, 2016 Letter to the Editor November 22, 2016 WP Officials Facing Tough Decisions over Looming Budget Cuts Salary Freeze, Personnel Cuts and Vehicle use on the Chopping Block -Rick Langenberg November 22, 2016 WP Council and DDA Reach Financial Truce Mayor Pro Tem: Pay us Back Now -Rick Langenberg November 22, 2016 Salute to American Veterans Rally finalized for 2017- Rick Langenberg November 22, 2016 Copyright © 2014 The Mountain Jackpot News All Rights Reserved. Magazine Premium created by c.bavota.
null
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get the 8@8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Money Stories» 11K Marlboro Smokers Seek Share of $45M Settlement Man Discovers $3.7M Worth of Gold in His New House Court Blocks Overtime Expansion Pay Rule for 4M The World's 10 Richest Countries Dow Closes Above 19K for First Time A Dow Milestone: 19,000 Hit for First Time Patagonia Won't Keep a Penny of Its Black Friday Sales Obama Administration Blocks Mining Near Yellowstone Oil Price Jump Pulls Stocks to Record Highs John Oliver Is 2016's 'Financial Crusader' He Works at Home Depot—When Not Messing With Venezuela The World's 10 Poorest Nations Money / Walmart Go to Grid|Next Story Crime-Riddled Walmart Is Draining Police Departments 'It's ridiculous ... I may have half my squad there for hours' By Newser Editors,  Newser Staff Posted Aug 18, 2016 12:06 PM CDT Updated Aug 19, 2016 1:00 AM CDT 276 comments Comments In this file photo, a police officer guards the perimeter of the Walmart parking lot in Port Orchard, Wash., after a shooting.   (AP Photo/The News Tribune, Drew Perine) (Newser) – If it seems like Walmart shows up a lot in police blotters and crime stories, there's good reason for that: As a story at Bloomberg explains, police departments across the nation are struggling to cope with the many, many crimes at local stores. And it's not just shoplifting: More than 200 violent crimes have been reported at the chain's 4,500 stores so far this year, about one a day. That includes everything from murder to attempted kidnapping. The story provides the broad strokes of what's going on, noting that Walmart began aggressively cutting staff back in 2000 even as it quickly added stores. Fewer employees were around to keep on eye on shoppers, criminals began taking full advantage, and a downward spiral began. Walmart now insists it's taking steps to remedy the problem, but police are skeptical. "It's ridiculous," says Tulsa Police Sgt. Robert Rohloff. "We are talking about the biggest retailer in the world. I may have half my squad there for hours." Critics say the chain is shirking its responsibility to provide adequate security, while Walmart says it is experimenting with programs such as a "theft-prevention program" in lieu of arrest for first-time offenders. The chain has a secretive crime database that it uses to determine the security needs of each store, but security experts say it needs to hire more security guards and ramp up video surveillance. One big question is whether Walmart's board wants to make that kind of investment at the expense of profits. Click for the full story.   My Take on This Story Report a story error Show results without voting  |   10% Hilarious 9% Intriguing 22% Depressing 3% Brilliant 15% Scary 42% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 276 comments Next on Newser: Bolt Scores Amazing 3rd 200M Gold Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 276 comments Jeff Zekas Sep 3, 2016 12:07 PM CDT Former Walmart Worker here: stores understaffed, workers treated like slaves, products are cheap crap from China. Don't shop Walmart. They are pure evil. TheJman Aug 24, 2016 9:26 PM CDT Most shoppers are Obama voters so it's not too surprising. ChuChu Aug 21, 2016 1:16 PM CDT Sounds about right. View all 276 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser Man Accused of Killing Cop Got Married During Manhunt 1 Experts Say Something's Up With Votes in 3 Swing States 2 A Nazi Salute Prompts Apology From DC Restaurant 3 Man Discovers $3.7M Worth of Gold in His New House 4 Trump Policy Shifts Surprised NYT Interviewers 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Before the C-Section, There Was This Barbaric Practice The Rise of DIY Prostitution in Italy The Secret Dark Side of Facebook You Might Not Know About Melissa Fell in Love With Lisa -- Then Discovered She Was Her Mom The Craziest World Sex Records That Are Actually Real 17 Prison Guards Reveal the Weirdest Things They’ve Seen in Prison 3 Sex History Lessons You Didn't Learn in School Partner Links Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners ATM Skimmers Found At Memorial Sloan-Kettering, 3 Other Hospitals; Thousands... Millions Of Thanksgiving Travelers Hitting The Roads, Rails And Skies Many Hoping To Leave Politics Behind This Thanksgiving Go to CBS Local Let's Use Sports Analogies to Make Politics Great Again The Great Right Hope of Scotland There's a Word for Your Thanksgiving Gluttony Go to Ozy This was the aftermath of a man at Walmart who thought he was being detained... A couple was arrested at McDonald’s for doing this in front of a 6-year-old boy A day after a Texas cop was killed during a traffic stop, reports say Donald... Go to Rare Nutrition Experts Basically Just Gave You Permission to Indulge Over the... Healthier Slice-and-Bake Cookies Exist (and They're So Easy to Make) 21 Whole30 Recipes to Just Throw in Your Slow Cooker Go to Greatist Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get the 8@8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2016 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
null
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search U.K. Bans Charming Heinz Baked Beans Ad for Inciting Dangerous Behavior 8 hours ago Array 0 Honest Co. Drops Ad Claims, Including Implication That Rivals Are Unsafe, Amid Challenge By Jack Neff - 9 hours ago Array 0 Major Ad-Technology Company Bars Breitbart News for Hate Speech 10 hours ago Array 0 Disney Adding 'Frozen' in $1.4 Billion Hong Kong Expansion 11 hours ago Array 0 Adidas Slam Dunks With New James Harden Spot By Rebecca Hia - 11 hours ago Array 0 Major Ad-Technology Company Bars Breitbart News for Hate Speech 10 hours ago 0 'Back to the Future III' Becomes a Serial Killer Movie in This Prize-Winning 'Trailer' By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 Heathrow Joins the Viral Video Chart With Unbearably Cute Bears' Arrival By Rebecca Hia - 15 hours ago 0 Five Things You Need to Know About Trump vs. the Media (Especially The New York Times) By Simon Dumenco - 16 hours ago 0 AT&T Expands Fox Pact to Expand Its Imminent Streaming TV Service 16 hours ago 0 The Executioner's Song: Why the Networks Stopped Cancelling New Shows By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Five Things You Need to Know About Trump vs. the Media (Especially The New York Times) By Simon Dumenco - 15 hours ago 0 Bumble Dating App Expands Into Career Networking By Suman Bhattacharyya - Yesterday 0 See How Miller High Life Is Reviving a Classic 70s Slogan By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 David & Goliath Names New Executives as Creative, Strategy and Digital Chiefs Exit By Lindsay Stein - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US IMPORTANT CHANGES TO YOUR DIGITAL ACCESS As we work to bring even more value to our audience, we’ve made important changes for those who receive Ad Age with our compliments. As of November 15, 2016 we will no longer be offering full digital access to AdAge.com. However, we will continue to send you our industry-leading print issues focused on providing you with what you need to know to succeed. If you’d like to continue your unlimited access to AdAge.com, we invite you to become a paid subscriber. Get the news, insights and tools that help you stay on top of what’s next. Subscribe for $59/Yr - Save $50 Maurice Levy's Successor to be Named by February 2017 Publicis Groupe Organic Revenues up 2.7% in Q2 By Emma Hall. Published on July 21, 2016. Maurice Levy Credit: Christian Alminana/Courtesy of Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity Most Popular Publicis Groupe chairman and CEO Maurice Lévy confirmed that his successor will be announced some time between December 2016 and February 2017, ahead of the French communications group's annual general meeting, which will take place in Paris in May. Speaking to analysts at Publicis Groupe's 2016 first half results presentation, Mr. Lévy added, "for the time being we are working only on internal candidates." The internal candidate everyone is watching is Arthur Sadoun, who was elevated to CEO of the Publicis Worldwide network in mid-2013 and put in charge of all the creative networks as CEO of the new Publicis Communications in a major Publicis Groupe re-org at the end of 2015. Apart from Mr. Sadoun's closely-watched tryout in key roles for Mr. Levy's job, it's unclear if any other internal candidates are being seriously considered. In an interview later with Ad Age, Mr. Levy said: "The board will start to work seriously on it as soon as September and make their decision at the end of this year, or the beginning of the next. It's the most important task the board has. Obviously they have already done a lot of background work, but it takes time. I'm not a member of the advisory board. I am there just as support. I can shed light on some situations and bring the coffee." Publicis Groupe reported organic growth (excluding acquisitions and currency swings) of 2.7% for the second quarter of the year, with revenues of $2.7 billion. Revenues for the first half of the year were $5.3 billion, up 4.6% on the first half of 2015. North America's organic growth rate was -0.1% in the second quarter, after the region was hit hard by last year's media losses. "We are working hard to mitigate the impact and to improve the situation," Mr. Lévy said. During the spate of 2015 media account reviews, Publicis Groupe lost its massive Coca-Cola account, and lost its longstanding Procter & Gamble multibillion-dollar media business to rival Omnicom Group. Related Stories Publicis Groupe Creates New Entity for Walmart to Handle U.S. Creative, In-Store Marketing Publicis Groupe Grows 2.9% in First Quarter, but Levy Warns on Second and Third Publicis' Mediavest lost the Walmart media account in February, but the group has been working to strengthen its non-media relationship with the retailer this year, and recently created a new entity to house Walmart's U.S. creative and in-store advertising, as well as some non-advertising duties including technology and corporate reputation. "We will feel the full impact of the losses in North America in the third and fourth quarters," Mr. Levy told Ad Age. "For example, the P&G loss will impact only from July 1." Publicis Groupe's Saatchi & Saatchi won Walmart-owned Asda's $145 million U.K. business without a pitch in April. And earlier this month Publicis Groupe and Walmart began creating a new entity to house the retailer's U.S. creative and in-store advertising, along with other pieces of business that do not involve advertising. "What we have to do is develop an even more collaborative approach between agencies and work with the Power of One concept big time," Mr. Levy added. "We've had a few wins and we will feel the benefit from the big Walmart [account] as soon as the fall. I'm confident the situation in the U.S. will be recovered pretty quickly. Next year we will benefit from all our efforts and the work we have done." Saatchi & Saatchi was also this week named as one of GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare's two largest global communications partners, alongside WPP's Grey Worldwide. The consumer healthcare giant reviewed its business following a merger with Novartis Consumer Health, with which Saatchi & Saatchi had an existing relationship. Publicis Groupe, whose agencies include Leo Burnett, Saatchi & Saatchi, Bartle Bogle Hegarty, StarcomMediaVest and Zenithoptimedia, saw its second quarter results boosted by a strong performance in Europe, where organic growth reached 7.3% in the second quarter, and 5.5% for the first half of the year. For the second half of the year, digital growth in the region was 12.5%, while Germany and Italy both grew around 9%. Mr. Lévy spoke on the call with analysts about the impact of last month's shock Brexit decision, when the U.K. voted in a referendum to leave the European Union. "We are in 'terra incognita' because nobody knows exactly what will happen. We know that there is not a clear plan ... There is a blank sheet of paper and we have to build a solution, " he said. "After the emotion, I believe that everyone will work extremely positively toward the future … and Europe will be much stronger and more united … and the U.K. will have to find a way to leave the EU." "We believe that if there is a deterioration it will come very progressively and it will not be a sharp decrease of any indicator ... It is not impossible that at the end of the day things will remain relatively stable." (And Europeans will continue to take their traditional August vacations; Mr. Levy leaves in 10 days for his own summer break, in Provence and then trekking in the mountains.) In Asia Pacific, organic growth was 5.5% in the second quarter. In Latin America, it reached 4.8% and in Middle East & Africa it was down -1.5%. Digital growth across the group in the first half of the year was 6.3%, reaching 23% in Asia Pacific, 12.5% in Europe and 10.7% in the Middle East and Africa. Latin America, at 0.9%, was the only region to show any analog growth, with analog across the group down by -0.8%. In this article: Ad Tech Agencies Global News Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor Major Insiders Buying This Metal Stock Home | Street Talk Tags: earnings | Wal-Mart Stores | retail | profit Wal-Mart Raises Annual Profit Outlook as Competition Grows Thursday, 18 Aug 2016 08:36 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Wal-Mart raised its earnings outlook for the year and delivered strong profit and sales in the second quarter after the world's largest retailer revamped its stores, improved the shopping experience, and won back customers. "Our strategy in the U.S. is working," said CEO Doug McMillon. Shares jumped 4 percent in early trading. Wal-Mart is fighting off competition on multiple fronts, from Amazon.com and dollar stores, to grocers like Kroger, which are ramping up promotions and lowering prices. Wal-Mart has responded with changes at stores, and online, to stay competitive in a vastly altered landscape. It's spending $2.7 billion on higher wages and other investments for its hourly workers over a two-year period. The company also just rolled out a new system in about 650 Neighborhood Market stores that gives hourly workers more certainty about their schedules. The system could be eventually launched to all 4,600 U.S. Wal-Mart stores. Wal-Mart says lifting wages means happier workers who will better serve their customers. And it's sharpening its attack against Amazon. Earlier this month, it announced the $3 billion acquisition of the fast-growing online retailer Jet.com. Wal-Mart says that with the deal it will be able to grab a higher-income customer who typically is younger than its own shoppers. Wal-Mart says it will incorporate some of Jet.com's technology that lowers prices in real time by looking for ways to cut costs. Wal-Mart has also trimmed its free-shipping pilot program ShipingPass to two-day delivery from three and cut a dollar off the membership to $49 a year in an attempt to answer Amazon's Prime program. But while Amazon.com's Prime membership costs $99 a year, it comes with a lot of perks like streaming music and video and household subscriptions. The Jet.com deal comes as Wal-Mart's online business slows despite substantial investments. Global online sales rose 11.8 percent in the second quarter, an acceleration from the 7 percent pace it saw in the first quarter. But that's still weaker than the 20 percent increases from less than two years ago. Second-quarter net income jumped nearly 9 percent to $3.77 billion, for $1.21 per share, in the quarter ended July 31. That compares with $3.47 billion, or $1.08 per share in the year-ago quarter. Earnings, adjusted for non-recurring gains, were $1.07 per share, a nickel better than Wall Street had expected, according to a survey by Zacks Investment Research. Revenue was $120.85 billion, also edging out analyst forecasts. Revenue at U.S. Wal-Mart stores opened at least a year rose 1.6 percent, its best performance since 2008. It was also the eighth straight quarterly gain for comparable-store sales. The U.S. Wal-Mart division accounts for 62 percent of total sales. The company now estimates that for the current fiscal year adjust earnings per share will be $4.15 per share to $4.35 per share. Analysts had expected $4.27 per share. © Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Wal-Mart raised its earnings outlook for the year and delivered strong profit and sales in the second quarter after the world's largest retailer revamped its stores, improved the shopping experience, and won back customers. earnings, Wal-Mart Stores, retail, profit 471 Thursday, 18 Aug 2016 08:36 AM 2016-36-18 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Forbes.com: Trump, GOP Could Cut Social Security, Medicare Thursday, 17 Nov 2016 | 126 comments SS could easily be "fixed" by forcing the government to PAY BACK THE... Jack Bogle: Trump Policies Could Be 'Bad for Society, Economy, Markets' in Long Run Monday, 21 Nov 2016 | 70 comments Hey Jack Bogle, try reading the current Snoozeminimum headline:"S&P... Nikkei Asian Review: Apple Considers Making iPhones in US Amid Trump Threat Friday, 18 Nov 2016 | 53 comments When I buy auto parts at the parts stores my first question is where is it... Wilbur Ross: Trump's 'Very Progressive' Plan Means Tax Cuts for All Thursday, 17 Nov 2016 | 27 comments We do need to be some tax cuts in some areas but the ceos and one... Wall Street at Record Highs as Techs, Energy Stocks Rally Monday, 21 Nov 2016 | 16 comments the stocks must be racist. They didnt do that when Fauxbama was elected.... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
null
Your browser is not supported. Please upgrade to one of the following browsers: Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Apple Safari Microsoft Internet Explorer 8+ You may proceed to the site by clicking here, however some pages might not work correctly. Follow us on:   RealMoney Home Asset Class US Equity Global Equity & Income Fixed Income Commodities Currencies Specialty Sector Basic Materials Consumer Cyclicals Consumer Staples Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Real Estate Technology Telecom Services Transportation Utilities Latest Articles Videos Columnist Conversations Author Jim Cramer Jim "Rev Shark" DePorre Jack Mohr Roger Arnold Daniel Dicker Eric Jackson Chris Laudani Helene Meisler Tim Melvin Brian Sozzi - See All - Street Notes Change in Ratings Stock Comments / EPS Changes Economics TheStreet RMPIA Switch to Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker MainStreet Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stockpickr Stocks Under $10 TheStreet Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks US Equity Walmart Crushes It With Killer Comps and Ebbing Inventories By Brian Sozzi Follow  | Aug 18, 2016 | 11:00 AM EDT Tweet 0Comment Email Print Tweet Comment 0 Stock quotes in this article: wmt, tgt, dg, kr, dltr, amzn This was the quarter the market firmly expected from the world's largest retailer, Walmart (WMT) . WMT reported strength across the board, save for the company's U.K. Asda unit, which continued to struggle amid a hyper-competitive retail landscape. Even Sam's Club -- which I have been highly critical of for never living up to its potential -- managed to instill a dose of confidence that Walmart CEO Doug McMillon now has everyone singing from the proper hymn sheet. I am fresh off a media call with Walmart's CFO and head of U.S. stores, and came away incrementally more upbeat that this giant ship is headed in the right direction. While I continue to have reservations on the long-term outlook for Walmart -- due to rising wage pressures globally and the structural shift to online shopping -- for the time being, the company looks well positioned for the key back-to-school and holiday shopping seasons. In addition, Walmart's quarter really made Target  (TGT) look like a retailer in a state of disarray. Perhaps that is a bit too dramatic, as Target's team is very impressive and the stores look vastly better than two years ago. But, it's clear Target will be playing from behind Walmart this holiday season, as it tries to get its share of the spending from the cautious U.S. consumer. I expect Target to begin aggressive price promotions of its own in food, which will come at the expense of near-term margins. Here are the areas that Walmart impressed me the most. And yes, the stock's rise today is justified. Inventory fell by 6.5% on a comparable-store basis in the U.S., while sales rose 1.6%. Walmart has been on a two-year journey of improving its inventory management, from how it orders goods to how and when they are stocked on shelves. So to finally see inventory decline and sales rise is a huge deal for the company. And it could be a lucrative one, too: Gross profit margins rose nicely in the U.S. business -- in large part due to better inventory management. This may seem small potatoes, but Walmart U.S. now has notched seven straight quarters of traffic gains. That is very impressive to see, in light of all retailers, outside Dollar Tree (DLTR) , Kroger (KR) and Dollar General (DG) , experiencing prolonged traffic declines that are causing mass store closures. Consistent traffic gains like Walmart is seeing is the surest sign yet that the retailer is doing a number of things right when it comes to the consumer. And this provides confidence in the sales potential for the all-important holiday selling season. Over the next few days, we will likely see several stories of how Walmart's online business accelerated in the second quarter compared to the first quarter. More importantly, sales in the U.S. were stronger than internationally, pointed out McMillon. The gains were spurred by the continued expansion of the number of items Walmart is selling online (through its marketplace initiative) and the company's silent rollout of online grocery ordering. Although Walmart's online sales growth is not in the same league as Growth Seeker holding Amazon's (AMZN) , at least there has finally been a little bit of improvement in what has been a steady slowdown in recent quarters. Get an email alert each time I write an article for Real Money. Click the "+Follow" next to my byline to this article. More From Brian Sozzi 3 Reasons Why Starbucks' Stock Is Ready to Leave the Penalty Box 3 Reasons Why the New Corvette Grand Sport Is Not Like Your Daddy's Vette Here Are Your Final Black Friday Trades Employees of TheStreet are restricted from owning individual securities. Tags: europe | stock market | retail | market commentary | Consumer Non-Durables | earnings reports | finance Columnist Conversations Robert Lang: Playing Wynn Aggressively Again We added some calls on WYNN again today -- still long (and losing) in the Jan 115 strike, but we added some De... Bret Jensen: Biotech - Black Friday Begins Early It is going to be a tough opening for the biotech sector as Eli Lilly's (LLY) Alzheimers candidate fails. &nbs... Gary Berman: FIBOCALL: Buying LLY to early can make you sick FIBOCALL: LLY and our VERY LONG TERM support LLY is poised to open much lower, after drug fails final-stage t... Carolyn Boroden: Holiday TIMING to be aware of Although I do have HIGHER targets in the S&P, the Fibonacci timing cycles are suggesting that you ra... See all » BEST IDEAS SEE MORE» REAL MONEY'S BEST IDEAS SEE MORE» News Breaks Powered by See More » BROKERAGE PARTNERS Select the service that's right for you! COMPARE ALL SERVICES >> Action Alerts PLUS Portfolio Manager Jim Cramer and Director of Research Jack Mohr reveal their investment tactics while giving advanced notice before every trade. Product Features: $2.5+ million portfolio Large-cap and dividend focus Intraday trade alerts from Cramer Weekly roundups Real Money Pro All of Real Money, plus 15 more of Wall Street's sharpest minds delivering actionable trading ideas, a comprehensive look at the market, and fundamental and technical analysis. Product Features: Real Money + Doug Kass plus 15 more Wall Street Pros Intraday commentary and news Ultra-actionable trading ideas Trifecta Stocks Trifecta Stocks analyzes over 4,000 equities weekly to find the elite 1% of stocks that pass rigorous quantitative, fundamental and technical tests. Product Features: Model portfolio Trade alerts Recommendations for over 4,300 stocks Unlimited research reports on your favorite stocks Stocks Under $10 David Peltier uncovers low dollar stocks with serious upside potential that are flying under Wall Street's radar. Product Features: Model portfolio Stocks trading below $10 Intraday trade alerts Weekly roundups Quant Ratings Access the tool that dominates the Russell 2000 & the S&P 500. Product Features: Buy, hold, or sell recommendations for over 4,300 stocks Unlimited research reports on your favorite stocks A custom stock screener Upgrade/downgrade alerts Dividend Stock Advisor David Peltier identifies the best of breed dividend stocks that will pay a reliable AND significant income stream. Product Features: Biweekly dividend newsletter Diversifed model portfolio of dividend stocks Intraday trade alerts Growth Seeker Chris Versace and Lenore Elle Hawkins, using sophisticated stock screening and fundamental research, identify high potential growth small and mid-cap stocks. Product Features: Model portfolio Small-cap and mid-cap focus Intraday trade alerts Weekly roundups Top Stocks With Top Stocks, Helene Meisler uses short and long-term indicators to pinpoint imminent breakouts in stocks. Product Features: Daily trading ideas and technical analysis Daily market commentary and analysis Except as otherwise indicated, quotes are delayed. Quotes delayed at least 20 minutes for all exchanges. Market Data provided by Interactive Data. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings and ratings provided by Zacks. Mutual fund data provided by Valueline. ETF data provided by Lipper. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. TheStreet Ratings updates stock ratings daily. However, if no rating change occurs, the data on this page does not update. The data does update after 90 days if no rating change occurs within that time period. IDC calculates the Market Cap for the basic symbol to include common shares only. Year-to-date mutual fund returns are calculated on a monthly basis by Value Line and posted mid-month. About Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Customer Service Advertise With Us © 1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. SPONSORED LINKS SPONSORED LINKS
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us כ"ב חשון תשע"ז   |   Wednesday, November 23, 2016 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business U.S. Stocks Higher as Energy Companies Rise With Oil Prices U.S. Stocks Higher as Energy Companies Rise With Oil Prices Thursday, August 18, 2016 at 12:51 pm | י"ד אב תשע"ו NEW YORK (AP) - Stocks are slightly higher Thursday as the continuing rebound in oil prices gives energy companies a lift. Health–care stocks are trading lower as investors resist making big moves. Retail giant Wal-Mart is rising after it reported strong second-quarter results and raised its annual estimates. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones Industrial Average gave up 15 points, or 0.1 percent, to 18,589 as of 11:35 a.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 4 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,185. The Nasdaq composite added 12 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,240. Stocks have bobbed up and down for more than a week and they finished a bit higher Wednesday after the Federal Reserve released minutes from its late July meeting. Stocks made small gains as investors felt the Fed is in no hurry to raise interest rates again. RISING RETAILER: Wal-Mart Stores climbed $1.34, or 1.8 percent, to $74.27. The world’s largest retailer raised its annual estimates after reporting strong results for the second quarter. The company is revamping stores and has won back some customers. Wal-Mart has been boosting pay for its employees, and it says that makes for happier employees and customers who get better service. Wal-Mart, which has lost sales to sites like Amazon as people make more purchases online, is also buying online retailer Jet.com for $3 billion as it fights for more online shoppers. CISCO CUTS: Internet gear maker Cisco Systems reported unimpressive quarterly results and said it will lay off 5,500 employees, or about 7 percent of its staff. Its customers have been switching to remote data centers for computing instead of maintaining networks on their premises, so Cisco is focusing on equipment for big data centers and software and security. The company had already cut about 10,000 jobs over the last few years and it joins companies like Microsoft, Intel and HP in eliminating jobs and overhauling its product lines. The stock lost 33 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $30.39. It slipped 1.3 percent Wednesday on reports it might make much bigger cuts. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude gained $1.10, or 2.4 percent, to $47.89 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 62 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $50.47 a barrel in London. That gave energy companies a lift, and Marathon Oil rose 89 cents, or 5.7 percent, to $16.59 while Devon Energy gained $1.41, or 3.3 percent, to $44.72. Oil prices have rallied over the last two weeks, but they have essentially remained between $40 and $50 a barrel for the last four months. In February oil traded as low as $26.21 a barrel and the relative stability in oil prices has boosted energy company stocks. FEELING ILL: Health-care stocks lagged the market. Life science company Agilent Technologies gave up $1.67, or 3.5 percent, to $46.76 after investors were displeased with its cautious projections for the current quarter. Portola Pharmaceuticals sank $4.10, or 17.3 percent, to $19.59 after regulators did not approve its drug AndexXa, which is designed to reduce severe bleeding during surgery by counteracting blood thinners. JOBS: The federal government said fewer people filed for unemployment benefits last week. A total of 262,000 new applications were filed. Applications for jobless benefits have remained below 300,000 per week for almost a year and a half, the longest streak since 1970. Applications are a proxy for layoffs, which have remained low as hiring has grown. The number of people receiving benefits is around 2.18 million, down 4 percent over the last year. NETAPP LEAPS: Data storage company NetApp posted stronger results than analysts expected, aided by cost cuts. The company’s stock surged $4.85, or 16.8 percent, to $33.70. L RISES: L Brands climbed after its results were better than expected and it raised its projections for the year. The stock rose $3.69, or 5 percent, to $77.75. WILD RIDE: Harley-Davidson stock skidded after the U.S. government sued the motorcycle maker, saying it made illegal devices that could cause its vehicles to emit higher amounts of some types of air pollutants. The shares dropped as much as 8 percent earlier in the day, but made up most of those losses after the Justice Department said Harley-Davidson agreed to settle the case by buying back and destroying the devices. It will also pay a $12 million penalty and spend $3 million on a project that will help mitigate air pollution. The stock lost 60 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $53.88. SUNNY DAY: SunEdison Semiconductor, which makes silicon wafers for the semiconductor industry, agreed to be bought by GlobalWafers of Taiwan. The deal values SunEdison Semiconductor at $12 per share, or about $508 million. Its stock soared $3.20, or 38.6 percent, to $11.48. BONDS, CURRENCY: Bond yields were little changed and the yield on the 10-year Treasury note remained at 1.55 percent. The dollar wavered and fell to 100.16 yen from 100.19 yen. The euro rose to $1.1330 from $1.1290. OVERSEAS: Germany’s DAX added 0.6 percent and the French CAC 40 index rose 0.3 percent. Britain’s FTSE 100 was little changed. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng rose 1 percent and Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 slid 1.5 percent. The Kospi in South Korea added 0.9 percent. Filed under: Markets Print Email Gmail Related U.S. Stocks Rise as Surge in Oil Prices Lifts Energy Companies U.S. Stocks Rise as Energy Stocks Rally After Big Slump U.S. Stocks Rebound as Mining and Energy Companies Rise U.S. Stocks Slip as Falling Oil Prices Punish Energy Companies U.S. Stocks Tick Higher As Energy Prices Jump Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition More in Business Potash Prices Hit Israel Chemicals Profit Despite Speciality Shift Lufthansa Pilots Start Two-Day Strike, Hundreds of Flights Canceled Asian Stocks Share Some Wall St. Joy Business Briefs – November 22, 2016 Dow Surpasses 19,000 as a Record-Setting Drive Continues OP-ED Parties Don’t Matter. Issues Matter Crossing the Red Line The Solution Is Negotiation, Not Legislation The Boys Who Cried “Anti-Semite!” Biased Reporting: Just Ask Us! Face Your Fears A Post-Election Villain One American’s Case for ‘Socialized Medicine’ Disease or Not, A Daunting Challenge GOP Must Look to Bring New Voters Into the Party On Seeking Counsel Hillary Clinton Wasn’t The Only Big Election Loser A Common Sense Regulation Where Do We Go From Here? Features Nichum Aveilim 22 Cheshvan/November 23 Add to the Confusion Sudoku – November 23, 2016 This Day In History 22 Cheshvan/November 23 Post-Truth and Consequences This Day In History 21 Cheshvan/November 22 The Odd Side – November 22, 2016 World of Wonder – November 22, 2016 Editorial Cartoon – November 22, 2016 Nichum Aveilim 21 Cheshvan/November 22 Sudoku – November 22, 2016 This Day In History 20 Cheshvan/November 21 Sudoku – November 21, 2016 Should I Mainstream My Son? Weather » Brooklyn 43°F Sunny See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,370.31 -16.04 (-0.30%) S&P 500 2,202.26 -0.68 (-0.03%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9494 GBP 0.8066 ILS 3.8719 CHF 1.0156 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
<script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=1000&h=100&posid=17&x=js'></script> authorizing (0) (0)   Sign Up  |  Login hello, |  Log out  Advanced Search Follow us @  |  <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=248&h=87&posid=18&x=js'></script> Shanghai Mostly Cloudy/Haze °C  | °F 23°C 31°C Home Business View more »Latest Business News Pilots’ strike hits 1,800 flights at Lufthansa Yangtze River bridge to start operation in 2017 iFlytek puts AI in services UK growth seen to slow sharply in 2017 Explore Business Auto Autotalk Special Benchmark Biz Commentary Biz Special Consumer Economy Energy Finance Finance Special IT Manufacturing Media Real estate Real Estate Special Transport Metro View more »Latest Metro News Playing games for health Musical therapy for babiews Efforts over obesity are paying off Community leaders need to set example TCM to get a bigger global role Tai chi exercises impress the delegates Explore Metro Education Entertainment and culture Environment Expat community Health and science In-depth Interactive Services Society Nation World Sports View more »Latest Sports News Asian FIFA polls off again 12-goal game in UCL spotlight Arena returns as US team’s head coach United to extend Ibra deal Explore Sports American football Athletics Awards Badminton Baseball Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Diving Doping East Asian games Golf Gymnastics Ice hockey Motor racing Motorcycling Olympics Rugby Sailing Skating Skiing Snooker Soccer Swimming Table tennis Tennis Feature View more »Latest Feature News Flamenco ‘Carmen’ comes to Shanghai Research body says British teens drink a ‘bathtub’ of sugary drinks a year Montenegro’s donkey’s milk is new health trend Healthy and delicious, quinoa covers all bases Tips for buying a healthier holiday turkey Portuguese-inspired pumpkin flan Explore Feature Animal planet Art and culture Community District special Education News Feature People Events and TV Health and environment iDEAL Travel Mice StyleHai Opinion View more »Latest Opinion News Agriculture R&D offers hope for world’s poorest China-CEE ties moving in positive direction Shanghai: A model for the world in road safety Rising dollar points to risks in global market Explore Opinion Opinion Columns Book review China Knowledge Chinese Views Foreign Views Global Lens on China View more »Opinion Columns Wang Yong Opinion editor of Shanghai Daily   Spirit of ancient Dunhuang offers model for confident exchange between civilizations Bamboo flute player who has a heart of gold Sunday View more »Latest Vibe News No butts about it: the noose tightens on smoking The pathways to living longer and healthier Sci-fi flick ‘Arrival’ finds little to say ‘Potter’ spin-off’s dark tone divides critics Fashion with a social ‘mission’ Indigenous Bolivian dresses go global Explore Vibe Book City scene Film Home and design Now and then Style Technology Viral PDF Subscribe Latest news: Trump pulls back on climate change GPs in the front line as city backs reforms Tai chi exercises impress the delegates TCM to get a bigger global role Community leaders need to set example The story appears on Page A11 August 19, 2016 GET this page in PDF Free for subscribers View shopping cart Related News Global Lens on China 外媒看中国 Lippi begins tenure as China coach, target still World Cup 里皮正式执掌中国国家队，目标世界杯 View more » Photo Sets Brad Pitt greeted by swarms of fans at 'Allied' Shanghai premiere Celebrating one-month-old birthday 'Rose Wedding' on the Bund First Shanghai-born panda cub officially named View more » Home » Business » Consumer Wal-Mart lifts fiscal-year profit outlook Source: Agencies | August 19, 2016, Friday | Print Edition WAL-MART Stores Inc raised its fiscal-year profit forecast yesterday and posted higher-than-expected quarterly earnings, an improvement it attributed in part to a better shopping experience resulting from employee wage rises. Shares of the world's largest retailer rose over 4 percent. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart said it would invest US$2.7 billion over two years to increase entry-level wages to US$10 an hour, a move the company said has led to cleaner stores, faster checkouts and improved customer service. “Walmart’s strategic investments are generating traction, which is especially meaningful, given a large portion of its customer base remains challenged,” said Moody’s analyst Charlie O’Shea. The company bucked a string of weak results by higher-end brick-and-mortar competitors like Target Corp, Macy’s Inc and Kohls Corp. Online sales growth accelerated sequentially for the first time in five quarters, rising 11.8 percent from 7 percent in the first quarter. However, the higher wages and investments in automated warehouses dedicated to filling online orders hit profitability. Excluding a non-cash gain of US$535 million from sale of Wal-Mart’s China e-commerce business, operating income dropped 7.2 percent. Earnings per share came to US$1.07, excluding the gain and other items, in the second quarter ended on July 31. Analysts on average were expecting US$1.02, according to Thomson Reuters. Wal-Mart raised its fiscal-year earnings outlook to between US$4.15 and US$4.35 a share from a previous range of US$4 to US$4.30. Sales at US stores open at least a year rose 1.6 percent, excluding fuel. That was the eighth straight quarterly gain and exceeded market hopes for a rise of 1 percent, said research firm Consensus Metrix. BusinessConsumer <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=31&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=55&x=js'></script> Most Read Today Weekly Monthly Semi-trailer driver charged with endangering public safety after damaging 17 cars while drunk driving Innovative products, technologies unveiled at Global Entrepreneurship Week China Less trading of Shanghai’s existing homes in October 15% of local office workers suffer neck, waist problems: experts Seven trapped in flooded coal mine in E China Badminton star Lin Dan says 'sorry' to family, admits to affair after paparazzi caught him cheating Auto boss ‘called Chinese bastards’ Full Video of Tiger Attack in Beijing Wildlife Park Released Teacher fired for ‘mistreating children’ 17 killed, 37 injured in Shanxi highway collision Badminton star Lin Dan says 'sorry' to family, admits to affair after paparazzi caught him cheating Huangpu to have its own Lujiazui Last time it was this wet in Shanghai was in 1875 Auto boss ‘called Chinese bastards’ Northerners not attractive for Shanghai’s choosy singles <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=125&h=125&posid=21&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=160&h=600&posid=20&x=js'></script> Latest News Trump pulls back on climate change GPs in the front line as city backs reforms Tai chi exercises impress the delegates TCM to get a bigger global role Community leaders need to set example View more » Latest Business News Plan to lure funds via FTZ accounts Pilots’ strike hits 1,800 flights at Lufthansa Better environment for foreign investors Nearly 50% to use Internet by year-end Expansion plan for HK Disneyland at US$1.4b Automation transforms operations at ports View more » °C | °F Shanghai Weather Loading... Loading... Loading... Details » China Weather Loading... More » World Weather Loading... More » City Specials Hangzhou Ningbo Chengdu Suzhou District Specials Chongming Pudong Huangpu Zhabei Jiading Minhang Songjiang Putuo Singapore Switzerland Germany France View more » Country Profiles Our Partners Find your friends and love powered by Explore the site Metro Education, Entertainment and culture, Environment, Expat community, Health and science, Society, In-depth, Services... Nation World Business Auto, Consumer, Economy, Energy, Finance, Real estate... Opinion Chinese perspectives, Foreign perspectives, Columnists.. Sports Basketball, Boxing, Cricket, Golf, Diving, Rugby, Soccer, Tennis... Features Art and culture, Community, Education, Animal planet, Travel... Sunday Book, City Scene, Film, Home and design, Now and Then, Style, Technology, The Week... Districts Minhang Supplement Odd PDF Multimedia Photo Sets, Cartoon, Video In-depth Reports Services Subscribe, Contact Us, RSS Center About Us | Terms of Use | RSS | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Shanghai Call Center: 962288 沪ICP证：沪ICP备05050403 | 网络视听许可证：0909346 | 广播电视节目制作许可证：沪字第354号 | 增值电信业务经营许可证：沪B2-20120012   Copyright © 1999- Shanghai Daily. All rights reserved.Preferably viewed with Internet Explorer 8 or newer browsers. 沪公网安备 31010602000204号 Email this to your friend Hey, I found this on Shanghai Daily and thought you might be interested in it. Send it! Congratulations! Your email has been sent! Thanks for sharing. Would you like to sign up for our daily newsletter? 7x per week Sign up! No thanks. ﻿

MONEY Subscribe Home Everyday Money Retirement Family Finance Careers Real Estate Investing Travel Money 101 Best Places To Live Best Colleges Best in Travel Best Banks Best Credit Cards Videos Calculators Adviser & Client Love & Money Money Heroes TIME LIFE Motto The Daily Cut MONEY 50: The Best Mutual Funds Road to Wealth Ultimate Retirement Guide Smart Choices Turning Points Love and Money Ask the Expert Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition 3 Ways That 401(k) Plans Fail Millennials Talk About Money — NOT Politics — With Your Family This Thanksgiving All Content Where to Find Income Share Programs to Pay for College College News and Advice A List of All the Free Stuff You Can Get on Thanksgiving and Black Friday How to Watch the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade Online The Dollar Is at Its Highest Value in 13 Years This Could Be Your Best Way to Apply to College College News and Advice Mandatory Saving for Retirement Gets a Thumbs Up From Millennials The Best State Schools for Out-of-Staters College News and Advice The Best Black Friday Deals of 2016 MONEY Everyday Money Shopping How Walmart Is Surviving the War Against Amazon—and Beating Target Brad Tuttle @bradrtuttle Aug. 18, 2016 SHARE Patrick Fallon—Bloomberg via Getty Images Customers browse school supplies at Walmart. Walmart is hitting the bullseye, Target not so much. Both Walmart and Target released quarterly earnings reports this week, and it’s quite clear which all-purpose retailer is winning the competition for shoppers lately. (Hint: It’s not the one with the red target logo.) Comparable store sales at Walmart were up 1.6% during the second quarter of 2016, beating the 1% increase predicted by industry insiders. Sales at Walmart’s smaller Neighborhood Market locations was up 6.5%, meanwhile, and customer traffic in all stores was up 1.2%. Based on the company’s positive results, shares of Walmart stock popped 4% early on Thursday. It’s quite a different story for Walmart competitor Target, which saw its stock price drop roughly 5% on Wednesday, then another 2% early on Thursday, after the company released a dismal earnings report that revealed a decline in shoppers. Looking ahead, Walmart anticipates further sales growth of 1% to 1.5% for the current quarter, which ends in October, while Target expects sales to dip as much as 2% during the months ahead. Here are some of the reasons Walmart is having success in the ongoing battle against Target, as well as the overarching war all brick-and-mortar-based retailers are waging versus Amazon. Groceries. Whereas Target has struggled mightily to become a regular go-to destination for grocery shoppers, Walmart is well-established as America’s biggest seller of groceries. Part of this may simply be Walmart’s ubiquity throughout the country—customer satisfaction with Walmart’s grocery section is often low. But Walmart’s low prices and convenience drive traffic into stores, which boosts sales across all product categories as shoppers picking up milk and eggs are also prone to buying batteries, underwear, toys, and anything else they need while running errands. Read Next: 5 Reasons Why Fewer People Are Shopping at Target Walmart has also been overhauling its grocery section to better compete with low-price competitors like Aldi and Whole Foods 365, as well as higher-priced (and higher-quality) players such as Kroger and traditional Whole Foods. The initiatives include a sharp increase in bakery items prepared on-site, as well as more antibiotic-free meats, which promise better value for shoppers. Fewer Empty Shelves. For years, Walmart was plagued with the problem of poorly stocked or just plain empty shelves in stores. This is a big problem for a store to have: It’s hard to sell stuff when there’s nothing for shoppers to grab. The blame for this situation was largely cast upon Walmart being understaffed, and/or staffed with poorly paid, poorly trained workers. The company essentially admitted it had a huge problem by placing a broad investment in worker wages, and the money seems to be paying off in the form of a better experience for shoppers—including fewer empty shelves in stores. Read Next: Why Walmart’s Small ‘Express’ Store Format Was Such a Big Failure The bottom line is that Walmart has been able to boost sales simply by ensuring that the things people want to buy are available and handy in stores. The latest quarterly earnings report is the eighth in a row to boast rising same-store sales. Online Sales Growth. In May, Walmart president and CEO Doug McMillon noted that in terms of online sales, “Growth here is too slow,” Bloomberg reported. E-commerce had just increased 7% for the quarter, and online sales growth had been decreasing over the course of nine consecutive quarters. The second quarter of 2016 put an end to that trend, however, with an impressive online sales increase of 11.8%. What’s more, Walmart’s recent acquisition of Jet.com, the low-price online upstart that’s been undercutting Amazon (and Walmart) on prices, should give the world’s largest retailer a leg up in the competition for shopper dollars—online and in-store alike. Read Next: Walmart and 4 Other Rare Retailers That Aren’t Floundering Right Now Tap to read full story Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Everyday Money Real Estate Family Finance Investing Retirement Subscribe Newsletter Advertising Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices Careers Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions ©2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Part of the Fortune.com Sites. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE MONEY.COM! Dear MONEY Reader, As a regular visitor to MONEY.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The MONEY Team
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 51° Share Markets Right Now: Stocks closing flat on Wall Street By Associated Press Published: Thursday, August 18th, 2016 at 10:20am Updated: Thursday, August 18th, 2016 at 2:24pm .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........NEW YORK — The latest on developments in global financial markets (all times local): 4:00 p.m. U.S. stocks are closing slightly higher Thursday as rising oil prices gave energy companies a lift. Oil rose $1.43 to $48.22 a barrel in New York. That boosted energy companies: Marathon Oil rose 6.2 percent and Devon Energy rose 3.4 percent. Advertisement Continue reading The Dow Jones industrial average gained 24 points, or 0.1 percent, to 18,598. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 5 points, or 0.2 percent, at 2,187. The Nasdaq composite rose 11 points, or 0.2 percent, at 5,240. Wal-Mart rose nearly 2 percent after it reported strong earning and raised its full-year outlook. Cisco Systems fell nearly 1 percent after delivering weak quarterly results and announcing plans to lay off 7 percent of its staff. ___ 12:00 p.m. U.S. stocks are trading nearly flat Thursday as investors find little to stir the market out of its summer doldrums. The Dow Jones industrial average is flat at 18,572. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index was 2 points, or 0.1 percent, higher at 2,184. The Nasdaq composite is up 0.2 percent or 11 points at 5,240. Wal-Mart Stores climbed 1.5 percent after it raised its annual estimates and reporting strong second quarter profit. Cisco Systems fell after the network technology company announced weak quarterly earnings and said it would lay off around 7 percent of its staff. Yields on the 10-year Treasury are also flat, while energy and precious metals prices are rising. Advertisement Continue reading ___ 10:00 a.m. U.S. stocks are opening little changed Thursday, with earnings from retail giant Wal-Mart and weekly unemployment data in investors’ sights. The Arkansas-based retailer lifted its earnings outlook and delivered strong second-quarter profit and sales. Wal-Mart shares rose 1.7 percent. Meanwhile data out today showed fewer people sought U.S. unemployment benefits last week, a signal that layoffs are scarce and employers are hiring at a solid clip. The Dow Jones industrial average is down 18 points, or 0.1 percent, to 18,556. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index was unchanged at 2,182. The Nasdaq composite is also flat at 5,228. Share Tweet LinkedIn Print Subscribe Most Recent Biz News Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |

Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money On the Hunt for Holiday Movers DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Jim Cramer -- Walmart Pays Employees Better and That's Paying Off Why did Walmart do better than Target this quarter? Among the many reasons is paying employees enough to keep them, says Cramer. Jim Cramer Aug 18, 2016 11:28 AM EDT We can think of a dozen different variables about why Walmart (WMT) can report a terrific quarter as it just did. The leadership team, especially CEO Doug McMillon, is much stronger and centralized. The online business is now very much a part of the operation, integrated in a way that makes the Jet.com deal highly accretive compared to building a similar engine. The closing of underperforming stores, including 102 Walmart Express stores, shows that the company is no longer going to layer on winning stores on top of losers. It's going to just cut them off, even though, in some cases, they haven't even been opened that long. Talk about being decisive. But I think those are all losing the forest through the trees. The single most important initiative that McMillon did was to pay people more. That's right, better pay. Higher benefits. Substantially better than many other companies. That's causing a monster chain reaction that's keeping good employees rather than losing them, say, to Target (TGT) , or to a fast-food company or any other national chain that could cherry-pick Walmart's best. It's all part of that plan announced last year to boost wages by $2.7 billion over several years time, to get the wages above the national average -- an amazing thing for this gigantic company. Why is this so important? Because the biggest cost to a place like Walmart is training. If you are constantly training new people after the good ones leave, you very well could be spending away all of your gross margins. Prev 0 of 3 Next If you liked this article you might like Here's Why Shoppers Are Headed to These 6 Retailers on Black Friday Every Black Friday is a battle for foot traffic for the nation's biggest retailers, according to a study by Foursquare. Scott Gamm Nov 23, 2016 11:29 AM EST Infographic: Everyone Thinks This Year's Holiday Shopping Season Will be Amazing From forecasters to top retail executives, the consensus is that the upcoming holiday season will be strong. Brian Sozzi Nov 23, 2016 10:25 AM EST Surging U.S. Dollar Presents Investors With Many Ways to Gain As the greenback reaches for new heights, three strategies stand out as worth pursuing. Barry Rehfeld Nov 23, 2016 9:31 AM EST Black Friday Winners Will Include J.C. Penney, Ulta, Kate Spade, Says One Retail Expert As the holiday shopping season gets under way, some retailers are emerging as standout winners. Rhonda Schaffler Nov 22, 2016 5:20 PM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending 5 Worst Airports in the U.S. Dow Sets Record as Wall Street Awaits Fed Minutes Johnson & Johnson Stock Goes Into Full Breakdown How to Trade Lilly, Deere and Other Most-Active Stocks Wednesday President Trump, Please Help GM Sell the Chevy Silverado to China Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 18 August 2016 | MYT 11:09 PM Wall St little changed; Wal-Mart up after results At 9:49am ET (Thursday) the Dow Jones industrial average was down 9.59 points, or 0.05%, at 18,564.35. The Reuters photo shows traders working on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. NEW YORK: Wall Street was little changed in early trading on Thursday as the impact of a rise in oil prices and strong results at Wal-Mart was offset by weakness in consumer discretionary and financial stocks. Dow component Wal-Mart rose as much as 3.1% to US$75.19 - a more than 14-month high - after the retailer posted a better-than-expected quarterly profit. The stock provided the biggest boost to the Dow and the S&P 500. Oil stocks rose as Brent crude touched $50 a barrel for the first time in six weeks after major producers prepared to discuss a possible freeze in output. US crude was trading near US$47. Investors also weighed up minutes of the Federal Reserve’s July meeting that showed policymakers were divided over whether to raise interest rates in the near-term. Officials were generally upbeat about the US economy but some expressed the need to keep their options open in the need of more data pointing to strength, the minutes showed. While traders have almost completely ruled out a hike in September, they have priced in a 41.7% chance for a move in December - down from 45.1% on Wednesday, according to CME Group’s FedWatch tool. “The market has reached a comfortable level and needs a fresh catalyst to send stocks higher,” said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities in New York. “The Fed was less hawkish than the market had expected. They would like to get one rate hike behind them this year because they’ve been too low for too long.” The S&P 500 has been higher in six of the last eight weeks and the market has touched new records on the back of better-than-expected corporate earnings, supportive monetary policy and a robust labor market. At 9:49am ET (1349 GMT) the Dow Jones industrial average was down 9.59 points, or 0.05%, at 18,564.35, the S&P 500 was down 0.48 point, or 0.02%, at 2,181.74 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 3.36 points, or 0.06%, at 5,225.30. Six of the 10 major S&P sectors were higher, with the energy index’s 0.48% rise leading the advancers. New York Fed President William Dudley, who on Tuesday unnerved the markets by saying a rate hike was possible in September, is scheduled to give a press briefing at 10:00am. San Francisco Fed President John Williams speaks on economic outlook in Anchorage, Alaska at 4:00pm ET. Data showed the number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits fell more than expected last week, with initial claims for state unemployment benefits dropping to 262,000. Economists polled by Reuters had forecast claims slipping to 265,000. Twitter fell 3.6% to US$19.44 after Evercore downgraded its stock to “sell” from “hold”. Cisco was off 1.6% at US$30.23, after the company reported a 1.6% drop in revenue and said it would cut jobs. Valeant Pharma’s US-listed shares were up 2.8% at US$30.81 after the drugmaker said it received approval from a lender to amend its credit facility. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,641 to 977. On the Nasdaq, 1,245 issues rose and 1,006 fell. The S&P 500 index showed eight new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 26 new highs and 13 new lows. - Reuters Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Stocks You May Be Interested Industrials lift Dow to record, techs drag S&P and Nasdaq (Update 1) Yew Sin-Ee Yi continue fine run in Hong Kong Pokémon Go: Dittos are hiding in plain sight Fraud in Felda Global Ventures Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Apple issues recall on September, October 2015 iPhone 6S Others Also Read Romario calls for indictments of Brazil football bosses M’sia, Thailand to begin talks on Bangkok-KL HSR project - Thai Minister Japan enlists Sailor Moon to promote safe sex Property Related advertisement Latest News Brexit fallout to cost UK extra £122bil over five years Industrials lift Dow to record, techs drag S&P and Nasdaq (Update 1) Iraq willing to cut oil output in Opec’s plan to boost prices - PM FGV confirms probe is on Felda Iffco’s subsidiary Healthcare stocks drag Wall Street lower Most Viewed in Business Fraud in Felda Global Ventures M’sia, Thailand to begin talks on Bangkok-KL HSR project - Thai Minister Malakoff seeks RM785mil compensation from EPCC contractors of Tg Bin plant Petronas able to reduce costs with Blue Ocean Strategy FGV confirms probe is on Felda Iffco’s subsidiary Bumi Armada posts nearly RM97m net losses in Q3 Bank Negara keeps OPR unchanged at 3% With US$3b port, Malacca eyes slice of shipping giant Singapore's pie Ringgit opens easier on weak sentiment Iraq willing to cut oil output in Opec’s plan to boost prices - PM advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Thursday, November 24, 2016 12:29 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Global stocks diverge on Fed, post-Brexit data Thursday August 18, 2016 11:36 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Man United to extend Ibrahimovic deal by one year, says Mourinho The Edit: Six things about Barron, the youngest Trump kid Khairy: Harimau Malaysia’s fate in Suzuki Cup for Cabinet to decide Perak Health Dept: Malaria on the rise in Gerik’s Orang Asli settlement Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article LONDON, Aug 18 — European stocks rose today as traders reacted to the outlook for US interest rates and some healthy post-Brexit data in Britain. Tokyo's main index however sank as the dollar fell against Japan's haven yen currency, hurting share prices of the country's exporters. Wall Street meanwhile opened up with a slight boost from Wal-Mart Stores' better-than-expected second-quarter earnings. London's benchmark FTSE 100 index was up around 0.1 per cent in afternoon trading, while in the eurozone, Frankfurt's DAX 30 won 0.4 per cent and the Paris CAC 40 gained 0.2 per cent. The pound meanwhile rallied against the dollar as official data revealed that British retail sales surged by 1.4 per cent last month -- indicating no immediate fallout from Brexit, although analysts warn of a tough year ahead. Sterling jumped to US$1.3131 (RM5.24) from US$1.3038 late in New York yesterday. The dollar was impacted also by minutes from the Federal Reserve's July meeting that showed caution about raising US interest rates, dealers said. "It's been a bright start to trading in Europe, with UK retail sales brushing off any early side effects of Brexit to post strong July gains, while US futures look relatively flat ahead of the open," said Craig Erlam, senior market analyst at Oanda trading group . However Samuel Tombs, chief UK economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, warned that looking ahead in Britain "with firms intending to stop hiring and inflation set to soar, the high street is set for a tough year". In New York Wal-Mart shares climbed 2.4 per cent after reporting an 8.6 per cent rise in earnings to US$3.8 billon in the second quarter. The Dow Jones Industrial Average five minutes into trading was at 18,580.31, up less than 0.1 per cent with the broad-based S&P 500 and the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite also adding similar small gains. Meanwhile minutes from the US central bank's July gathering published yesterday said policymakers were keeping their "options open" and remained divided on the threat of inflation. Its cautious tone did little to raise hopes for a rise in US borrowing costs, which would tend to lift the greenback by stirring demand for dollar-denominated assets. In reaction, Tokyo's stock market tumbled 1.6 per cent as the stronger yen -- a negative for exporters as it tends to dent their profits -- hit shares in companies such as car giants Toyota and Nissan. The Japanese market came under further pressure after local data showed exports slipped in July as shipments of vehicles, ships and steel products fell. In other key Asian markets Shanghai also fell 0.2 per cent, while Hong Kong rallied one percent. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Chinese-made US$100b city in Johor 'scares the hell out of everybody' Merkel ‘not happy’ Trump scrapping Pacific trade deal Lufthansa pilots’ strike wreaks havoc on flight schedule Australia’s Crown Resorts casino staff arrested in China Automakers seek to cut inventories with Black Friday, holiday promotions Chinese-made US$100b city in Johor 'scares the hell out of everybody' Foreign banks shaken by Malaysia's move to halt currency slide Malaysia’s central bank says will no longer tolerate ringgit trade in NDF market Ex-Valeant executive, ex-pharmacy CEO charged for fraud scheme Bank Negara Malaysia says it is intervening in currency market Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: China goes global as Trump puts America first Reuters Video: Facebook crafts censorship tool to re-enter China, says NYT Kids and parents react to 'Beauty and the Beast' MMOTV: Mahathir, Siti Hasmah head to KLCC by car MMOTV: Red Shirts heckle yellow-shirted Bersih participants MMOTV: A Red Shirts supporter hurls abuse at Bersih supporters Related Articles European shares touch two-week high as Fed keeps rates unchanged US, European markets split as Apple hit with mammoth tax bill European equities mainly rise on German GDP European stocks rebound as oil, Aussie advance Global stocks snap winning streak as oil pressure returns Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services

Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss Announcing the 2016 class of ‘Women of the Year’ New ‘smart home’ in Old Metairie tops weekly sales Op-Ed: Overtime rules blocked: What should employers do now? People this Week: New hires, promotions, awards Ones to Watch: Banking & Financial Services Gov’t wants phone makers to lock out most apps for drivers Juno Therapeutics halts study after more patient deaths Mortgage rates keep rising after Trump’s election win Sales of new homes slipped in October US stocks recede from record highs; drugmakers skid New Orleans CityBusiness The Business Newspaper of Metropolitan New Orleans News FEATURES Commission Accomplished Dining Out Q&A Renovation Report Startup CloseUp These Walls Office Space What’s On Your Phone Money Construction and Real Estate Government and Politics Energy Health Care Law Ports and Transportation Retail and Hospitality Technology Guest Perspective Events Leadership in Law Nomination Form Health Care Heroes Nomination Form Money Makers Nomination Form Women of the Year Nomination Form Best Places to Work Nomination Form Reprints Around Town People this Week Calendar Ones to Watch FYI Special Sections Top Construction Projects Health Care Annual Education Guide Real Estate Trends Path to Excellence Book of Lists E-mail Updates Classifieds Directory Advertising Home / News / Money / Wal-Mart raises annual profit outlook, reports strong sales Wal-Mart raises annual profit outlook, reports strong sales By: The Associated Press August 18, 2016 0 Wal-Mart’s vast fleet of stores and its online business are starting to click together. The company raised its earnings outlook for the year on Thursday and delivered strong profit and sales for the second quarter, as moves to improve the store and online experience are winning over customers. Wal-Mart has launched a flurry of changes, from making sure vegetables look good to cleaning up the stores to being sharper on keeping prices low. It’s melding online services with the stores — rolling out a mobile payment system to speed checkouts. And it’s pressing ahead with online grocery and pick-up services. As a result, the Bentonville, Arkansas-based company reported its eighth consecutive quarterly increase in comparable-store sales, and the seventh straight quarterly gain in customer traffic at its Wal-Mart U.S. namesake business. “We’ve got existing customers who are visiting stores more often and putting an extra item in their basket,” Greg Foran, CEO of Wal-Mart’s U.S. business told reporters on a call Thursday. Wal-Mart is also picking up some new customers, but that will take some time, he added. And growth was solid and consistent across all types of merchandise from toys to clothing. Wal-Mart shares rose 1.3 percent to $74.29 in late morning trading. Like its direct store rivals, Wal-Mart is reinventing itself to be more nimble as it tries to fight off competition. In particular, it’s trying to compete with online leader Amazon.com, whose Prime shipping program is swiftly converting members into loyal shoppers. And it faces competition from dollar stores and traditional grocers like Kroger, which are ramping up promotions and lowering prices. The report contrasts with results from Target Corp., which cut its profit forecast Wednesday as customer traffic fell for the first time in a year and a half. Target blamed a number of factors. That included that it focused too much marketing on its stylish merchandise and didn’t do enough to bring in customers looking for essentials like detergent. It’s also struggling to reinvent its food section and it also cited weak electronics sales. Target CEO Brian Cornell also noted sales varied widely from region to region. Wal-Mart, meanwhile, is vastly expanding the items available on its website, and global online sales rose 11.8 percent in the second quarter. That’s up from the 7 percent pace of the first quarter but still far weaker than the 20 percent increases from less than two years ago. It’s also spending $3 billion to acquire fast-growing online retailer Jet.com, which it says will help it grab higher-income and younger customers. It will incorporate some of Jet.com’s technology that lowers prices in real time. Chief Executive Doug McMillon said in a pre-recorded call that the growth in global e-commerce came from the improvement in the U.S. market, fueled by its rollout of Wal-Mart Pay and the online grocery and pick-up services that it’s rolling out. The company added grocery pickup service to 30 more markets in the second quarter, bringing the total to more than 60. The grocery business showed improvement from the first quarter despite inflationary pressure. Both general merchandise and health and wellness items showed solid sales growth. Second-quarter net income jumped nearly 9 percent to $3.77 billion, for $1.21 per share, in the quarter ended July 31. That compares with $3.47 billion, or $1.08 per share in the year-ago quarter. Earnings adjusted for non-recurring gains were $1.07 per share, a nickel better than Wall Street had expected, according to a survey by Zacks Investment Research. Revenue was $120.85 billion, also edging out analyst forecasts. Revenue at U.S. Wal-Mart stores opened at least a year rose 1.6 percent, its best performance since 2012. Customer traffic rose 1.2 percent, marking the seventh straight quarter of gains. The U.S. Wal-Mart division accounts for 62 percent of total sales. The company now estimates that for the current fiscal year, adjusted per-share earnings will be $4.15 to $4.35. Analysts had expected $4.27. Wal-Mart is also spending $2.7 billion on higher wages and other investments for its hourly workers over a two-year period. The company also just rolled out a new system in about 650 Neighborhood Market stores that gives hourly workers more certainty about their schedules. Wal-Mart says lifting wages, which has turned into a contentious issue for a number of major U.S. restaurant chains and retailers, will lead to a more solid workforce that can better serve their customers. To sign up for free CityBusiness Daily Updates, click here. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Walmart 10:43 am Thu, August 18, 2016 New Orleans CityBusiness The Associated Press Tagged with: Walmart Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Law Court blocks federal plan to extend overtime pay to many November 23, 2016 Baton Rouge council approves settlement with protesters November 23, 2016 EpiPen manufacturer will be a no-show at Senate hearing November 21, 2016 Money Ones to Watch: Banking & Financial Services November 23, 2016 US stocks recede from record highs; drugmakers skid November 23, 2016 Tech Talk Gov’t wants phone makers to lock out most apps for drivers November 23, 2016 NuTonomy to test self-driving cars in Boston November 21, 2016 LifeLock soaring before the opening bell on $2.3B deal November 21, 2016 Ports & Transportation Gov’t wants phone makers to lock out most apps for drivers November 23, 2016 Airline seeks court order to end cargo pilot strike November 23, 2016 Cargo pilot strike in Ohio may delay Amazon, DHL shipping November 22, 2016 Drill Bits At least 4 hurt in fire at ExxonMobil refinery November 23, 2016 NY court says state has right to review nuke plant permit November 21, 2016 Sunoco Logistics acquiring Energy Transfer November 21, 2016 CityBusiness Email Alert Sign Up for New Orleans CityBusiness’ e-mail alerts. Bring the day’s business headlines directly to your desktop or mobile device free of charge. Digital Edition Get your copy of CityBusiness on Friday. Plan next week with an early look at local business news. For subscription information, please call (800) 451-9998 My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts New ‘smart home’ in Old Metairie tops weekly sales 149084 Op-Ed: Overtime rules blocked: What should employers do now? People this Week: New hires, promotions, awards Ones to Watch: Banking & Financial Services New Orleans CityBusiness ADVERTISING CONTACT US FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS NEWSSTANDS Copyright © 2016 New Orleans Publishing Group | 3445 N. Causeway Blvd., Suite 901, Metairie, LA 70002 | Phone: (504)834-9292 E-mail: mail@nopg.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.


Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Wal-Mart draws more shoppers, raises fiscal-year outlook Reuters |  Aug 19, 2016 12:20 AM IST By Nandita Bose (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc reported higher-than-expected quarterly earnings on Thursday, saying it benefited from cleaner and more efficient U.S. stores, investments in technology that improved online shopping and higher employee wages that fostered better customer service. The world's largest retailer has been spending heavily to entice consumers back to its stores with better stocked shelves, and improving its e-commerce business by investing in new warehouses that can deliver online shipments faster. Last week, it announced the acquisition of online startup Jet.com for over $3 billion to better compete with Amazon.com Inc . Wal-Mart also increased entry level wages to $10 an hour earlier this year and said it will invest $2.7 billion in employee compensation and training over two years, a move it said contributed to improved service in its stores. These steps, analysts said, helped Wal-Mart to raise its fiscal-year forecast and buck a string of weak results from higher-end brick-and-mortar competitors like Target Corp , Macy's Inc and Kohls Corp . Target cut its fiscal-year profit outlook on Wednesday after quarterly sales fell more than expected. Wal-Mart U.S. Chief Executive Officer Greg Foran said on a conference call that the company's customers were still cautious with their spending but were visiting stores more often and buying more items. Store visits increased 1.2 percent, and the average size of an order rose 0.4 percent during the second quarter ended on July 31. "We are seeing a steady improvement in the U.S. business, and it is responding favourably to the changes we are making," he said. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based company said sales were strong for grocery items and apparel but weak for electronics. "Walmart's strategic investments are generating traction, which is especially meaningful, given a large portion of its customer base remains challenged," said Moody's analyst Charlie O'Shea. The retailer said it was difficult to quantify the effects of low gasoline prices and unseasonably warm weather, but those factors contributed to overall sales growth. Online sales growth accelerated sequentially for the first time in more than five quarters, rising 11.8 percent from 7 percent in the first quarter. Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs said e-commerce growth was stronger in the United States than in major overseas markets, mainly because of its larger third-party seller business and the continued roll-out of online grocery pickup options. Wal-Mart has added 7 million items to its website this year, bringing the total to 15 million. This compares with 200 million on online rival Amazon.com Inc . The company raised its fiscal-year earnings outlook to between $4.15 and $4.35 a share, including an estimated hit of 5 cents from the Jet.com acquisition, from a previous range of $4 to $4.30. Second-quarter earnings per share of $1.07, excluding a gain from the sale of Wal-Mart's e-commerce business in China and other items, exceeded the analysts' average estimate by 5 cents. Sales at U.S. stores open at least a year rose 1.6 percent, excluding fuel prices, to beat expectations in their eighth straight quarter of growth. International sales fell 6.6 percent to $28.6 billion but increased 2.2 percent on a currency-neutral basis. Total revenue rose 0.5 percent to $120.9 billion. Wal-Mart's shares rose as much as 2.8 percent earlier in the trading day. They were up 1.8 percent at $74.23 in afternoon trade. (Additional reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn) Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Ratan Tata's ego caused financial mess for group firms: Cyrus Mistry Demonetisation: Problem of plenty for RBI as banks park record Rs 4.32 lakh crore Demonetisation: Union Minister latest victim as hospital declines to accept old notes Supreme Court refuses to stay petitions against demonetisation No transaction charges on debit card payments: Govt More From Current Affairs Dow hits record; U.S. yields, dollar at multi-year highs Healthcare stocks drag Wall Street lower Toyota aims to sell more hybrid cars in India Russia still working on how to freeze oil output ahead of OPEC talks EXCLUSIVE: ECB seeks to lend out more bonds to avert market freeze: sources [ more ] Top Stories ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim SBI cuts bulk deposit rates by 1.25-1.9% [ more ] Markets ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Fall below 7,900 could take Nifty to 7,500-7,600 levels Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Sesame output likely to fall 40% due to unfavourable climate Impact of demonetisation largely priced in: Ridham Desai [ more ] Companies Wadia sends third notice to Tata Sons Mistry knows where all the bodies are buried in Tata Group: Kumar Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim Azim Premji-backed FSS plans to raise $250 million [ more ] Opinion Gujarat Gas results set off downgrades Expect lower growth at Eicher Reliance Industries valuation at 10-yr low Don't revive inspector raj Resolving a disagreement [ more ] Latest News ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Fall below 7,900 could take Nifty to 7,500-7,600 levels Finders can't be keepers Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Sesame output likely to fall 40% due to unfavourable climate [ more ] Today's Paper Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster Zara's recipe for success: More data, fewer bosses Debit card charges dropped, farmers to get easier cash access We should have 5 million customers by 2020: David Mcmillan, Aviva Europe Pakistan's jihad makers [ more ] News you can use Demonetisation: Stricter norms for NRIs Spread equity investments over three-four months Deposits above Rs 2.5 lakh: Don't panic if you receive the I-T notice Expect your household budget to shoot up: Going cashless comes at a cost Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TGtijk Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Wal-Mart raises profit forecast; shares rise Reuters |  Aug 18, 2016 06:14 PM IST By Nandita Bose (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc raised its fiscal-year profit forecast on Thursday and reported higher-than-expected quarterly earnings, an improvement it attributed in part to a better shopping experience resulting from employee wage increases. Shares of the world's largest retailer rose more than 4 percent. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart said it would invest $2.7 billion over two years to increase entry-level wages to $10 an hour, a move the company said has led to cleaner stores, faster checkouts and improved customer service. "Walmart's strategic investments are generating traction, which is especially meaningful, given a large portion of its customer base remains challenged," said Moody's analyst Charlie O'Shea. The company bucked a string of weak results by higher-end brick-and-mortar competitors like Target Corp, Macy's Inc and Kohls Corp. Online sales growth accelerated sequentially for the first time in five quarters, rising 11.8 percent from 7 percent in the first quarter. However, the higher wages and investments in automated warehouses dedicated to filling online orders hit profitability. Excluding a non-cash gain of $535 million from sale of Wal-Mart's China e-commerce business, operating income dropped 7.2 percent. Earnings per share came to $1.07, excluding the gain and other items, in the second quarter ended on July 31. Analysts on average were expecting $1.02, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Wal-Mart raised its fiscal-year earnings outlook to between $4.15 and $4.35 a share from a previous range of $4.00 to $4.30. Sales at U.S. stores open at least a year rose 1.6 percent, excluding fuel. That was the eighth consecutive quarterly increase and exceeded market expectations for a rise of 1 percent, according to research firm Consensus Metrix. Store visits increased 1.2 percent. Revenue rose 0.5 percent to $120.9 billion despite a $2.7 billion hit from a stronger dollar, which reduces the value of overseas sales. International sales fell 6.6 percent to $28.6 billion but increased 2.2 percent on a currency-neutral basis. Net income attributable to Wal-Mart rose to $3.77 billion from $3.48 billion. To accelerate its e-commerce business and narrow the widening gap with rival Amazon.com Inc, Wal-Mart recently paid more than $3 billion to acquire internet retailer Jet.com, the highest price ever for an online startup. (Additional reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn) Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Ratan Tata's ego caused financial mess for group firms: Cyrus Mistry Demonetisation: Problem of plenty for RBI as banks park record Rs 4.32 lakh crore Demonetisation: Union Minister latest victim as hospital declines to accept old notes Supreme Court refuses to stay petitions against demonetisation No transaction charges on debit card payments: Govt More From Current Affairs Dow hits record; U.S. yields, dollar at multi-year highs Healthcare stocks drag Wall Street lower Toyota aims to sell more hybrid cars in India Russia still working on how to freeze oil output ahead of OPEC talks EXCLUSIVE: ECB seeks to lend out more bonds to avert market freeze: sources [ more ] Top Stories ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim SBI cuts bulk deposit rates by 1.25-1.9% [ more ] Markets ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Fall below 7,900 could take Nifty to 7,500-7,600 levels Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Sesame output likely to fall 40% due to unfavourable climate Impact of demonetisation largely priced in: Ridham Desai [ more ] Companies Wadia sends third notice to Tata Sons Mistry knows where all the bodies are buried in Tata Group: Kumar Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim Azim Premji-backed FSS plans to raise $250 million [ more ] Opinion Gujarat Gas results set off downgrades Expect lower growth at Eicher Reliance Industries valuation at 10-yr low Don't revive inspector raj Resolving a disagreement [ more ] Latest News ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Fall below 7,900 could take Nifty to 7,500-7,600 levels Finders can't be keepers Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Sesame output likely to fall 40% due to unfavourable climate [ more ] Today's Paper Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster Zara's recipe for success: More data, fewer bosses Debit card charges dropped, farmers to get easier cash access We should have 5 million customers by 2020: David Mcmillan, Aviva Europe Pakistan's jihad makers [ more ] News you can use Demonetisation: Stricter norms for NRIs Spread equity investments over three-four months Deposits above Rs 2.5 lakh: Don't panic if you receive the I-T notice Expect your household budget to shoot up: Going cashless comes at a cost Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TGtigj Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
null


Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Election 2016 Tracking Poll Commentary Election 2016 Columnists IBD/TIPP Poll Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Election 2016 Tracking Poll Commentary Election 2016 Columnists IBD/TIPP Poll Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? News Wal-Mart Ups Outlook, Fortifies Defense Vs. Amazon, Alibaba Wal-Mart reported better-than-expected earnings Thursday as U.S. same-store sales rose again. (Wal-Mart) ELAINE LOW 8/18/2016 Reprints Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) is the world's biggest brick-and-mortar retailer by revenue, but its Thursday earnings call hinted that its focus is on e-commerce, amid the looming presence of Amazon (AMZN) and Alibaba (BABA). The Numbers The discount giant reported that Q2 earnings per share dropped for the sixth straight quarter but still topped Wall Street estimates. U.S. same-store sales climbed 1.6%, their eighth straight advance and exceeding forecasts for a gain of about 1%. Wal-Mart earned $1.07 a share excluding items, down a 1 penny vs. a year earlier. Revenue edged up 0.5% to $120.9 billion. Analysts expected Wal-Mart EPS of $1.02 on a revenue of $120.16 billion. Sales rose 2.8% to $123.6 billion, excluding currency shifts. The home, toys, sporting goods and over-the-counter segments were strong performers, Wal-Mart said. The Goods "The ongoing modest comp and traffic gains at (Wal-Mart's operations in the) U.S. speak to the benefit of the company's investments in labor and technology, as well as increased spending power of the lower-income consumer," wrote Buckingham Research Group analyst John Zolidis early Thursday. Wal-Mart has raised wages, introduced a mobile-pay app nationwide and expanded its online grocery business and fulfillment capabilities. The company reported accelerating e-commerce sales growth after posting a deceleration in recent quarters. Wal-Mart, trying to keep pace with Amazon.com (AMZN), recently announced a $3.3 billion Jet.com acquisition. Management spent some time discussing its digital initiatives on the conference call early Thursday. The takeover of Jet.com is just one of the strategic decisions that Wal-Mart has made to "position ourselves for the future in the priority markets of the U.S. and China," said CEO Doug McMillon in prepared remarks during the call. Wal-Mart also nearly doubled the number of markets where its online grocery pickup service is available, meaning that the feature is now offered in more than 60 markets and almost 400 stores, it said. He also touched on Wal-Mart's deal with China's JD.com (JD). Wal-Mart in June said it was acquiring a 5% stake in JD.com in exchange for its struggling Yihaodian marketplace. JD has a strategic alliance with Alibaba archrival Tencent (TCEHY), which owns messaging dynamo WeChat. In Q2, constant-currency e-commerce sales and gross merchandise volume increased 11.8% and 13%, respectively, with both stronger showing gains than in the first quarter. Its U.S. segment outperformed its key international markets during the quarter, the company said, citing growth in U.S. marketplace offerings and in-store pickup services, plus the continued roll-out of its online grocery unit. "We continue to see proof that our customers enjoy a seamless shopping experience," said McMillon. "The distinctions that we talk about today between stores, apps, pick-up, delivery and sites are continuing to blur into the background for customers." The Outlook Wal-Mart raised its full-year EPS target to $4.15-$4.35, up from a prior target of $4-$4.30. Analysts have expected $4.27. For Q3, Wal-Mart expects 90 cents to $1 in per-share earnings vs. views for 94 cents. Wal-Mart earned 99 cents a year earlier. Wal-Mart shares rose 1.9% to 74.30 on the stock market today, hitting a 14-month high of 75.19 in the morning. On Tuesday and Wednesday, Wal-Mart stock fell intraday below its 50-day moving average, but it managed to close above that support line on both days. On Wednesday, rival Target (TGT) topped earnings forecasts but slashed its full-year EPS outlook to $4.80-$5.20, down from $5.20-$5.40. Analysts expected $5.13. IBD'S TAKE: While Wal-Mart has struggled in recent years, dollar stores -- and their stocks -- have taken off amid shifting consumer preferences. Read this recent Industry Snapshot to see how dollar stores are changing the retail landscape. Wal-Mart's report adds to the mixed picture of consumer demand and sentiment. While some retailers and consumer-related stocks have topped forecasts, sales growth has generally been sluggish. RELATED: Target Shares Tumble As Retailer Gouges Its 2016 Outlook Why TJX Could Still Be A Good Buy Despite Off-Price Outlook Target, Wal-Mart, Other Big Retailers Piggyback On Amazon Prime Day Wal-Mart Pushes Amazon-Style Pass; Could It Up JD.com Stake? ELAINE LOW | Facebook | @IBD_Elow Share this: Related news Shares of Apple, UPS and e.l.f. Beauty are in buy range while Macy's is nearing a breakout. (Apple) Apple, Amazon, Macy's Lead Investing Action Plan For Black Friday 11:05 AM ET Don't expect any earnings news of note but shares of Apple, Amazon, Macy's and e.l.f. Beauty could make notable moves... 11:05 AM ET Don't expect any earnings news of note but shares of... How Overtime Pay Ruling Affects Wal-Mart, Dollar Tree, Fast Food Amazon Spreads Its Tentacles Far Beyond 'World's Biggest Bookstore' E.l.f., Ulta Beauty Shares Look Mighty Fine Ahead Of Black Friday Stocks Slightly Higher; Amazon.com Among Hot Retail Stocks Netflix Crowned Winner In Internet TV Business S&P 500 Marks All-Time High; Setups Emerge Among Oil And Gas Names Alibaba Expands Cloud-Computing Unit, Increasing Threat To Amazon Retailers' Holiday Sales Outlook: Not So Horrible This Year Today's Spotlight Join us in Los Angeles Get comprehensive training in this 2-day event from top portfolio managers and stock market experts! IBD is Live on Facebook! Follow us on Facebook and watch our live videos and get actionable insight on stocks, the market and more! Try MarketSmith Catch stocks before they make their big move. Take a 3-week trial for only $19.95. More News Shares of Apple, UPS and e.l.f. Beauty are in buy range while Macy's is nearing a breakout. (Apple) Apple, Amazon, Macy's Lead Investing Action Plan For Black Friday Eli Lilly's Alzheimer's drug disappointed in a key trial. (Kris Tripplaar/Sipa USA/Newscom) Eli Lilly Topples As Alzheimer's Darling Sola Fails; Biogen, Merck Down The Trader’s Brain: Gaining an Edge by Letting Your Emotions Run Amok Promoted Content By Simpler Trading Special Report Will Black Friday Be A Turkey? Which Retail Stocks Are Standouts? TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Today on PYMNTS.com Opinion: Karen Webster Data & Research PYMNTS index Indexes Trackers Exclusive Series Commanders In Chief Series EMV Day 1: The Experts Weigh In Inside Innovation Sizzle or Fizzle? TSYS Digital Journey Company Spotlight Topic TBD Digital Discussions Sign Up #PYMNTalks 2016 PYMNTS.com/Alexa Challenge Videos Events Live Shows MATCHMAKERS Stat Store Pay-ology Newsletter Signup News What’s Hot B2B Payments Business Wire Retail Reinvention Today on PYMNTS.com OPINION Karen Webster Data & Research INDEXES TRACKERS Live Shows Report Store Pay-ology Retail Walmart Beats The Street, Raises Earnings Forecast By PYMNTS Posted on August 18, 2016 Share Tweet Share Share Share Email The best that could have been said about the Q2 results so far, as tracked across retail, is that they are somewhat less disastrous than they were in Q1. This isn’t to say there has been a tremendous amount of positive growth so much as losses have been somewhat less than initially expected. Target is the best typifying example so far – the firm did manage to notch earnings results slightly better than what analysts were expecting, but overall they were pretty weak. Same-store sales are down, foot traffic is falling, revenue is off, and Target is looking at all these trends and officially revising their expectations down for the year. Walmart, on the other hand, managed to notch out analysts’ predictions for earnings, but in a way more conducive to building investor confidence: sales are up, earnings are up and guidance for the year had gotten an upward revision, despite the big cash layout coming soon for the purchase of Jet.com. That acquisition, however, highlights some of the question marks remaining about Walmart this morning. ECommerce, though showing stronger growth than it did last quarter, is still lagging behind the growth it was showing a year ago. And that brings the nagging question: can Walmart continue to look so strong when the rest of physical retail is struggling so hard? By The Numbers Analysts had predicted Walmart would take in $1.02 a share on $120.16 billion in revenue. Walmart actually logged  $1.07 on revenue of $120.85 billion (.5 percent growth).  That revenue count is slightly lower than last year’s $1.08 a share. Same-store sales were up 1.6 percent, which is an improvement on the narrower 1 percent pick-up in Q1. This is also a beat for street analysts, who had been looking for 1-percent growth in comparable sales. Foot traffic was also on the increase for the seventh consecutive quarter, growing by 1.2 percent, and is probably the standout figure for Walmart given that falling foot traffic is otherwise epidemic in physical retail these days. Walmart will buy Jet.com for $3.3 billion sometime between now and the end of 2016, and that is anticipated to bring on a 5 cent per share hit. That is loss is likely to hit in early in Q4. Nonetheless, Walmart revised its guidance for 2016 upward, and is now anticipating earnings $4.15 and $4.35 a share, compared to its prior estimate of $4 to $4.30 a share. Walmart predicted that numerically Q3 will look rather similar to Q2, with earnings between 90 cents and $1 a share and comparable sales rising between 1 and 1.5 percent. “We’re pleased with the positive momentum in our business. Our strategy in the U.S. is working as we delivered an eighth consecutive quarter of positive [comparable sales], and international also performed well,” CEO Doug McMillon said in a statement. Some of the momentum, however, was – well – less momentous. Online sales grew by 11.8 percent. The goods news is that is a notable pick-up on Q1, when Walmart had only single digital online growth of 9 percent. It is a falloff from last year’s 16-percent increase and is below the national average of 14.6 percent. Clearly, there is still work to do there, hence that big Jet.com buy and the attendant question marks. About those question marks … Watching And Waiting  With its big price tag and bigger ambition, Jet.com is Walmart’s flashiest play for digital dominance during Q2, but certainly not its only one. Walmart Pay, the retailer’s emerging QR code-based payments platform, got its big nationwide push during the second quarter of the year, as did its launch of ShippingPass, a membership program designed to compete with Amazon Prime that offers Walmart customers free shipping. But, discount focused as Walmart historically is and plans to continue to be, it is much cheaper at $49 a year. “We remain focused on building eCommerce capabilities globally,” McMillon further noted of last quarter’s earnings. “Walmart is uniquely positioned to provide customers with a seamless shopping experience where we save them time and money.” Walmart has also seen some big gains by rethinking their store design some. Neighborhood Market stores, which focus more tightly and have a smaller footprint, saw 6.5 percent growth. That experiment worked better than Walmart Express, their smaller grocery-focused chain, that Walmart announced it was shuttering in early 2016. Walmart’s road ahead is not going to be easy, despite its massive scale, scope and profitability. The chain-wide wage increases and retraining initiative will take a pretty notable bite out of share price on the order of 30 cents per share. Walmart has often been the beneficiary of some tailwinds like lower fuel prices, strong employment numbers and increased wages among workers. But those gains are now possibly being offset by the higher cost of the dollar and deflating prices in grocery as a variety of competitors try to see just how low prices have to go to keep consumers loyal. And then it remains to be seen how all those technical initiatives play out. Will things like ShippingPass, Walmart Pay and Jet’s basket building tech make Walmart.com the digital destination it wants to be? Time will tell, and perhaps the world will get to hear a little more about it during Walmart’s investor call. We’ll keep you posted. Related Items:Retail, Walmart earnings Share Tweet Share Share Share Email Recommended for you Apple Re-Joins Black Friday, Deals And Details Not Yet Unveiled Amazon A Holiday Shopping Staple Elastic Path Enables The Future Of Commerce Get our hottest stories delivered to your inbox. Signup for the PYMNTS.com Newsletter to get updates on top stories and viral hits. email: Click to comment Post navigation Athleisure Rules Social Conversions Among Apparel Retailers PYMNTS Daily Data Dive: Omnicommerce Trends TRENDING RIGHT NOW 3.5K Mobile Applications Starbucks Expands Into Indonesia With Mobile App 3.0K B2B Payments How Corporates Receive — And Revive — Investment Strategies 2.6K Blockchain Goldman Sachs’ Membership In R3 Lapses 2.3K News Financial Regulators Race To Get Reforms On The Books Before Inauguration Day 2.2K Partnerships / Acquisitions Cardtronics Expands Relationship With Carnival Cruise 2.2K B2B Payments Asia-Pacific’s Anti-Cash Migration Spreads To Corporates 2.2K Data Dive Tech Stocks On Sale, Buffett Boosts Wells & Prosper Switches Leaders 2.1K B2B Payments B2B Payments, With Tokens And Smarts 2.1K Security & Fraud Why Insider Threats Are Hurting North American Businesses 2.0K Ridesharing Amidst New Cash Rules, Uber Debuts Indian Wedding Service 2.0K Post-Election Silicon Valley, Trump Inching Toward Working Together Amid Concern 1.9K Mobile Payments Paying By Coffee Cup Easy Thanks To Australian Telco Optus 1.9K Digital Payments Mastercard’s Call To Digital Payments Action 1.8K Legal Consumer Class-Action Suit Against Visa, Mastercard Allowed To Go Forward 1.8K International Hike Takes A Page From Snapchat; Rolls Out Stories What's next in payments and commerce LATEST NEWS 99 Apple Re-Joins Black Friday, Deals And Details Not Yet Unveiled “[Black] Friday can’t come soon enough” may be the sentiment many big-box retailers are... 219 Amazon A Holiday Shopping Staple Astound Commerce just released a Holiday Report infographic based on a survey that reveals key insights into... 218 Elastic Path Enables The Future Of Commerce Vancouver eCommerce software solutions provider Elastic Path is looking toward the future. Founded in... 184 Warby Of X: SmileDirectClub And D2C Orthodontia Because “you’re never fully dressed without a smile,” there is a way to get... 179 GeniCan Turns Trash To Treasure But only if you count an Amazon delivery as treasure. GeniCan is but another... OPINION: KAREN WEBSTER 1.9K Digital Payments Mastercard’s Call To Digital Payments Action Digital payments are the wave of the future, but it’s been a pretty rocky... November 21, 2016 2.6K Big Data The Seven Deadly Data Sins Of The 2016 Presidential Election The 2016 U.S. Presidential Election taught us many things. But Karen Webster said that... November 14, 2016 2.5K Mobile Microsoft’s Shoulda-Woulda-Coulda Mobile Story Steve Ballmer said last week that things might have been different for Microsoft and... November 7, 2016 3.6K Regulation The 2016 Presidential Election And Banks’ Next Four Scary Years Lots of people in the U.S. will be sitting on pins and needles awaiting... October 31, 2016 4.9K Matchmakers What the Uber Driver Revolt Means for Payments There’s a pretty alarming epidemic that’s now afflicting many of the matchmakers lucky enough... October 24, 2016 Newsletter Signup About Terms & Conditions Contact © 2016 What’s Next Media and Data Analytics, LLC To Top
Toggle navigation News Featured Bob Garfield: Garfield at Large Barbara Lippert: MadBlog MediaPost Week in Review Online Spin Current Stories MediaPost Home Today's News Today's Opinions Agencies & The Agency Business MAD: MediaPost's Agency Daily Accounts in Review Events Calendar Out to Launch People on the Move MEDIApsssst Stan Mack's Real Mad MAD - London Online Media, Marketing and Advertising OMMA Today Daily Online Examiner PolicyBlog Email Marketing Daily Email Insider EU Email Marketing Daily Email Insider Europe MobileMarketingDaily MoBlog Mobile Shop Talk Mobile Insider Search Marketing Daily SearchBlog Search Insider Social Media & Marketing Daily The Social Graf Social Insider Online Media, Marketing and Advertising Real-Time Daily RTBlog RTB500 Programmatic Insider Data & Targeting Insider Video Daily VidBlog Video Critique Video Insider Publishing & Publishers Publishers Daily The Daily Blog Publishing Insider Supply Side Insider Native Insider Futures IoT Daily Connected Thinking VR/AR Insider AI Insider Media Buying/Planning/Research & The Media MediaDailyNews Audience Buying Insider Metrics Insider Research Brief TelevisionNewsDaily TVBlog TV Watch TV Everywhere Brand and Product Marketing MarketingDaily Thom Forbes: Top of the News Engage Target Market Newsletters Affluent,Boomers,Millennials, Hispanics,Men,Moms,Teens Industry Sector Newsletters Automotive,Causes,CPG, Entertainment,Green,Health, Politics,Sports,Travel Marketing Tools & Strategies Content Marketing,Cross-Channel Events Events Home 2016 Events Calendar 2017 Events Calendar Upcoming Events Email Insider Summit December 4 - 7, 2016, UT Search Insider Summit December 7 - 10, 2016, UT Marketing: Politics January 17, 2017, DC Masters of Media Selling January 18 - 19, 2017, NYC Online All Stars January 19, 2017, NY Agency of the Year January 25, 2017, NYC Creative Media Awards January 26, 2017, New York City OMMA Atlanta February 16, 2017, ATL OMMA Boston February 23, 2017, Boston Brand Marketers Summit - Cross-Channel March 7 - 10, 2017, AZ OMMA at SXSW March 11, 2017, TX Programmatic Insider Summit March 19 - 22, 2017, AZ Digital Out of Home Awards March 28, 2017, NYC Marketing: Automotive April 12, 2017, NYC Marketing Automotive Awards April 12, 2017, NYC TV Insider Summit April 23 - 26, 2017, FL Recently Concluded OMMA Denver November 17, 2016, CO TV Insider Summit October 16 - 19, 2016, Mohonk Publishing Insider Summit October 10 - 13, 2016, Austin OMMA Bots & Chat September 29, 2016, NYC OMMA Social September 29, 2016, NYC OMMA VR/AR September 28, 2016, NYC OMMA Video September 28, 2016, NYC OMMA Programmatic September 27, 2016, NYC OMMA Awards September 26, 2016, NYC OMMA at Advertising Week September, 2016, NYC Digital Out of Home Awards September 14, 2016, NYC Brand Marketers Summit - Cross-Channel August 24 - 27, 2016, Lake Tahoe More Events Appy Awards Content Marketing Insider Summit Cross-Channel Marketing Insider Summit Email Insider Summit Europe Future of Media IoT Marketing Forum IOT: Shopping IOT:Beacons Marketing Sports: Soccer in America Marketing: Health Mobile Insider Summit OMMA at Internet Week OMMA Attribution OMMA Audience Buying OMMA Chicago OMMA LA OMMA Marketing Tech OMMA mCommerce OMMA Miami OMMA Programmatic in New York OMMA Programmatic TV OMMA San Francisco Outfront Forum Social Media Insider Summit The Reckoning Video Insider Summit Awards Awards Home Online All Stars (January 19, 2017, NY) Agency of the Year (January 25, 2017, NYC) Creative Media Awards (January 26, 2017, New York City) Digital Out of Home Awards (March 28, 2017, NYC) Marketing Automotive Awards (April 12, 2017, NYC) OMMA Awards (September 26, 2016, NYC) Appy Awards (May 17, 2016, NYC) Members Become A MediaPost Member Subscribe to your choice of industry specific newsletters, save $100 on conferences, search member directories, comment on stories and more. Free to qualified media, marketing and advertising professionals. Join Now Member Resources All Member Directory Manage My Account Manage My Subscriptions More Additional Resources Feedback Loop (Comments) Job Postings Research Briefs Whitepapers Industry Events About and Contacts About MediaPost Contact Editorial Privacy/Terms Media Kit Sitemap Search Advanced Search Sign in Username Password Remember me Forgot your password? Register Now Advertise Walmart, JC Penney Shaking Up Playbook by Sarah Mahoney@mahoney_sarah, August 18, 2016, 10:30 AM Recommend (1) Amid retailers’ constant scrambling for better ways to attract customers both online and in stores, both Walmart and JCPenney are offering a peek at evolving consumer strategies.  Wal-Mart Stores, in announcing sales and profits that beat Wall Street expectations, also gives some insights into how its recent $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com will fit into its overall strategy. “Operating Walmart.com and Jet.com will allow us to reach even more customers and drive a higher level of growth more quickly,” says Doug McMillon, president and CEO of Wal-Mart Stores, in a recording prepared for investors. He says Jet.com’s technology “rewards customers in real time with savings on a basket of goods and puts them more in charge of the price they pay. This empowers customers in a way that is true to the spirit of Walmart,” adding that the Bentonville, Ark.-based retailer’s advantage “has always been in providing the lowest prices on a basket, and Jet has created a unique way to deliver the lowest cost basket online.” The acquisition comes at a time when the company is intensifying its drive to online dominance, and its ongoing challenge to Amazon. “We continue to see proof that our customers enjoy a seamless shopping experience. The distinctions that we talk about today between stores, apps, pick-up, delivery and sites are continuing to blur into the background for customers. For them, it’s just Walmart.” For the second quarter, Wal-Mart’s revenues climbed 0.5% to $120.85 billion, compared with $120.23 billion in the same period a year ago. (In terms of constant currency, it gained 2.8%). Operating income rose 1.6% to $6.17 billion. And it raised its earnings forecast for the remainder of the year.  E-commerce sales rose 13%, mostly driven by the roll-out of online grocery, and the growth of pick-up in stores and clubs. In the U.S., comparable-store sales at Walmart climbed 1.6%, the eight straight quarter of sales gains and the seventh consecutive quarter of increasing traffic. It says the improvement stems from progress in customer experience, as well as mobile options like Walmart Pay, now available in all its stores. JC Penney also had big news, announcing a three-year plan that has it backing away from national brands, and instead placing its bets on private-label brands like Liz Claiborne, Arizona and Michael Strahan. And it’s upping the emphasis on plus-size fashion, home and beauty products. The new strategy is meant to build both value for shoppers and brand differentiation, as the Plano, Tex.-based retailer continues to battle on the comeback trail. The new plan calls for earning 70% of its sales from private-label brands by 2019, up from 52% last year.  In order to set itself further apart from the likes of Kohl’s and Macy’s, it says it plans to sharpen its appeal by continuing its commitment to special sizes; refreshing its home stores, including the previously announced plan to get back in the big-appliance game, and adding more beauty, including more Sephora units and InStyle salons. And it, too, is refocusing on omnichannel initiatives, including a redesigned store app, shipping to any JC Penney store, same-day pickup and speedier home deliveries. 39 SHARES Recommend (1) Print RSS All content published by MediaPost is determined by our editors 100% in the interest of our readers ... independent of advertising, sponsorships or other considerations. Leave a Comment More Top Stories Ad Volume Continues To Expand, Reaches Highest October Ever Joe Mandese The Flailing Donald Trump Joe Mandese, 0 Ad Awareness Down Sharply Heading Into Holidays Sarah Mahoney Finding Little To Cheer About, Dentsu Cancels Holiday Party Steve McClellan AT&T Defends DirecTV Zero-Rating Wendy Davis Ahead Of The Pack, Patagonia Goes All In For Planet Sarah Mahoney 17 Agencies Form Diversity Network Larissa Faw Who Is Your Favorite TV Character? Adam Buckman, 2 Indie Networks' Ad Share Grows, Cable Does Best Wayne Friedman‹› Subscribe to Marketing Daily More from Marketing Daily Progressive Gives Flo Time Off Verizon Sells 'Thrift Shop' At The Laundromat PepsiCo Acquiring Probiotic Beverage Maker KeVita Ahead Of The Pack, Patagonia Goes All In For Planet Mazda Invites Consumers To 'Drive For Good' John Hancock Awards Active Policyholders With Apple Watch Today's Most Read Stories Is The Programmatic Pendulum Swinging Back Toward Storytelling? AT&T, Dish And WPP Group Take Joint Ownership Of Invidi NBCU Invests $200M In 'BuzzFeed' To Up Ad Sales, Video Trump Unleashes On The 'NYT' - Again Trump's Win: Ad Agencies Must Address Middle America Archive November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 All Archives > May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 About MediaPost MediaKit Contact Editorial RSS Feeds Sitemap Privacy/Terms & Conditions ©2016 MediaPost Communications. All rights reserved. 1460 Broadway, New York, NY 10036 tel. 212-204-2000, fax 917-591-3261, feedback@mediapost.com   Google+
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ BTW Earnings E-commerce Walmart’s e-commerce growth has started accelerating just in time for its Jet.com deal A nice change of pace after five subpar quarters of online growth. by Jason Del Rey@DelRey Aug 18, 2016, 10:15am EDT tweet share Linkedin Joe Raedle / Getty After five straight quarters of decelerating e-commerce growth, Walmart’s online business increased in the company’s second quarter. Walmart’s global e-commerce business grew 11.8 percent year over year in the quarter, up from 7 percent in the previous quarter. The online business is still growing slower than it was a year ago, but Walmart will take it. The earnings report comes 10 days after Walmart announced its plan to purchase the startup Jet.com for $3.3 billion in a blockbuster deal that will see Jet CEO Marc Lore take oversight over the Walmart.com business unit. The acquisition is expected to close later this year and dilute Walmart’s annual earnings per share by five cents, in part due to “expected operating losses,” the company said in scripted earnings remarks. Walmart doesn’t break out online sales by geography, but has previously said that the U.S. digital business is growing faster than the company’s international business. recode_divider More From Recode Donald Trump told Tim Cook that Apple is going to ‘build a big plant’ in the U.S. Post-election ‘terror and hysteria’ over Trump is not justified, says Observer editor Ken Kurson Recode Daily: Facebook built a censorship tool that could help it get back into China Can the journalists who work for Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner still cover the White House fairly? A credit card hack at MSG gives Knicks fans another reason to despise owner Jim Dolan Twitter reminds everyone it won’t cooperate with government or police surveillance Trending Black Friday isn’t dead. It’s just irrelevant. The marketing genius behind Snap’s new Spectacles More in Trending This Article has a component height of 4. The sidebar size is short. The Latest Apple Politics President Trump Donald Trump told Tim Cook that Apple is going to ‘build a big plant’ in the U.S. by Peter Kafka “I think you’re going to do it.” Podcasts Politics Recode Media with Peter Kafka Post-election ‘terror and hysteria’ over Trump is not justified, says Observer editor Ken Kurson by Eric Johnson@HeyHeyESJ Kurson says he’s proud to have voted for Donald Trump, and to work for his son-in-law, Observer publisher Jared Kushner. Recode Daily Recode Daily: Facebook built a censorship tool that could help it get back into China by John Murrell The tool can block posts from appearing in News Feeds based on location. Podcasts Media Politics Can the journalists who work for Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner still cover the White House fairly? by Eric Johnson@HeyHeyESJ Yes, says one of the few people who might know: Observer Editor in Chief Ken Kurson. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook Companies Wal-Mart Raises Annual Profit; Tops Street 2Q Forecasts Companies Wal-Mart Raises Annual Profit; Tops Street 2Q Forecasts By Associated Press | August 18, 2016 AT 11:20 AM Last Updated: August 18, 2016 11:20 am Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon speaks at the company's shareholder meeting in Fayetteville, Ark. Wal-Mart on Aug. 18, 2016. (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File) NEW YORK—Wal-Mart’s vast fleet of stores and its online business are starting to click together. The company raised its earnings outlook for the year on Thursday and delivered strong profit and sales for the second quarter, as moves to improve the store and online experience are winning over customers. Wal-Mart has launched a flurry of changes, from making sure vegetables look good to cleaning up the stores to being sharper on keeping prices low. It’s melding online services with the stores—rolling out a mobile payment system to speed checkouts. And it’s pressing ahead with online grocery and pick-up services. As a result, the Bentonville, Arkansas-based company reported its eighth consecutive quarterly increase in comparable-store sales, and the seventh straight quarterly gain in customer traffic. “We’ve got existing customers who are visiting stores more often and putting an extra item in their basket,” said Greg Foran, CEO of Wal-Mart’s U.S. business, which accounts for 62 percent of total sales. Wal-Mart is also picking up new customers, but that will take some time. Wal-Mart shares rose 1.3 percent to $74.29 in morning trading. Like its direct store rivals, Wal-Mart is reinventing itself to be more nimble as it tries to fight off competition. In particular, it’s trying to compete with online leader Amazon.com, whose Prime shipping program is swiftly converting members into loyal shoppers. And it faces competition from dollar stores and traditional grocers like Kroger, which are ramping up promotions and lowering prices. The report contrasts with results from Target Corp., which cut its profit forecast Wednesday as customer traffic waned. Wal-Mart is vastly expanding the items available on its website, and global online sales rose 11.8 percent in the second quarter. That’s up from the 7 percent pace of the first quarter but still far weaker than the 20 percent increases from less than two years ago. It’s also spending $3 billion to acquire fast-growing online retailer Jet.com, which it says will help it grab higher-income and younger customers. It will incorporate some of Jet.com’s technology that lowers prices in real time. Chief Executive Doug McMillon said in a pre-recorded call that the growth in global e-commerce came from the improvement in the U.S. market, fueled by its rollout of Wal-Mart Pay and the online grocery and pick-up services that it’s rolling out. The company added grocery pickup service to 30 more markets in the second quarter, bringing the total to more than 60. The grocery business showed improvement from the first quarter despite inflationary pressure. Both general merchandise and health and wellness items showed solid sales growth. Second-quarter net income jumped nearly 9 percent to $3.77 billion, for $1.21 per share, in the quarter ended July 31. That compares with $3.47 billion, or $1.08 per share in the year-ago quarter. Earnings adjusted for non-recurring gains were $1.07 per share, a nickel better than Wall Street had expected, according to a survey by Zacks Investment Research. Revenue was $120.85 billion, also edging out analyst forecasts. Revenue at U.S. Wal-Mart stores opened at least a year rose 1.6 percent, its best performance since 2012. Customer traffic rose 1.2 percent, marking the seventh straight quarter of gains. The U.S. Wal-Mart division accounts for 62 percent of total sales. The company now estimates that for the current fiscal year, adjusted per-share earnings will be $4.15 to $4.35. Analysts had expected $4.27. Wal-Mart is also spending $2.7 billion on higher wages and other investments for its hourly workers over a two-year period. The company also just rolled out a new system in about 650 Neighborhood Market stores that gives hourly workers more certainty about their schedules. Wal-Mart says lifting wages, which has turned into a contentious issue for a number of major U.S. restaurant chains and retailers, will lead to a more solid workforce that can better serve their customers.   Editor’s Picks China’s Growing Trade Deficit with US, Rising State and Corporate Debt: Very ‘Concerning’ Says Congressional Report What Trump’s Presidency Means for Health Care Sector Grass-Roots and Professional, Anti-Trump Protests Seek Healing and Political Change Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in CompaniesWhy Is Buffett Buying US Airline Stocks?Startup Weekend More Than Transforming Ideas Into Reality QuicklyTesla Motors Officially Owns Solar Panel Installer SolarCityHertz Gets Hurt by Uber but Still Attracts Investors Latest in Business Economies Dow Tops 19,000 as Retailers Lead Stocks to New Records Economies Consumer Companies Lead US Stocks to New Records Companies Why Is Buffett Buying US Airline Stocks? Canada Startup Weekend More Than Transforming Ideas Into Reality Quickly Markets Oil Price Jumps, Stock Indexes at Record High Economies Why Free Trade Doesn’t Work for the Workers Companies Tesla Motors Officially Owns Solar Panel Installer SolarCity Economies Trump’s Policies Would Lead to Inflation Companies Hertz Gets Hurt by Uber but Still Attracts Investors × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top

null
null
null
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu JET FUEL Walmart is putting Jet.com’s founder in charge of its battle against Amazon in the US Written by Joon Ian Wong August 18, 2016 The future is about porting this experience online. (Reuters/Lucas Jackson) Share Written by Joon Ian Wong August 18, 2016 Walmart is riding high. It just beat analyst estimates with its second-quarter earnings, sending its stock up nearly 3% in early trading. The world’s largest retailer by revenue also raised its projected results for the year despite revealing that those profits would be dented to pay for the $3.3 billion acquisition of e-commerce retailer Jet.com, which was announced last week (Aug. 8). The deal is expected to close in the fourth quarter of the year. A big part of Walmart’s future rests on its ability to compete against e-commerce players, specifically Amazon. And that’s down to Marc Lore, Jet.com’s founder. It was announced during today’s call that he’s been named president and chief executive of e-commerce at Walmart. Lore’s new role means he’ll be in charge of both the Jet.com brand, which will continue to operate, and Walmart’s e-commerce functions, in the US. He will report directly to Walmart’s president and chief executive, Doug McMillon. “Marc is a passionate merchant and innovative thinker who will definitely add value to our business. I look forward to working with him,” McMillon told investors on the call. Lore knows Amazon well, selling his firm Quidsi, which owned Diapers.com and other niche retail sites, to Jeff Bezos’ company for $545 million in 2011. He left Amazon after two years to once again take it on as a competitor. After raising more than $800 million in funding for Jet, but apparently failing to gain the scale he said was required (paywall) to validate its business model, he found a savior in Walmart. Recode reported that he could earn as much as $750 million from the Jet.com sale. Current Walmart e-commerce chief Neil Ashe will be eased out, just months after being named head of technology. The online media veteran, who ran CNet and CBS Interactive, had been with Walmart for four years, and will be with the company through the end of its fiscal year. Ashe led talks between Walmart and JD.com, which saw the US retailer take a 5% stake in the Chinese e-commerce giant. JD.com also took control of Walmart’s Chinese e-commerce platform as part of the deal, which was announced in June. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Retirement Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Stocks Inch Up From Wal-Mart Boost ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More (Reuters) Stocks Inch Up From Wal-Mart Boost Published August 18, 2016 Markets Reuters Facebook Twitter Comments Print U.S. stocks ended up slightly on Thursday as Brent oil's rise above $50 a barrel boosted energy shares and an upbeat outlook lifted Wal-Mart <WMT.N> to a 14-month high. Continue Reading Below Wal-Mart rose 1.9 percent to end at $74.30 after the retailer reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit and raised its fiscal-year outlook. The upbeat forecast followed disappointing outlooks from Target <TGT.N> and Lowe's Companies <LOW.N> the previous day. The energy index <.SPNY> jumped 1.8 percent after Brent crude <LCOc1> topped $50 for the first time in six weeks as major producers prepared to discuss a possible output freeze. Late-session gains pushed the indexes out of flat territory where they had traded for much of the session, with the S&P 500 index up just 0.1 percent for the week so far. "With commodities rebounding and the economy remaining surprisingly resilient, with just a little bit more Fed-speak about rising interest rates, that could create a pause. On the other hand, it's been a good year, especially for value investors," said Bryant Evans, investment adviser and portfolio manager at Cozad Asset Management, in Champaign, Illinois. The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> gained 23.76 points, or 0.13 percent, to 18,597.7, the S&P 500 <.SPX> added 4.8 points, or 0.22 percent, to 2,187.02 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> rose 11.49 points, or 0.22 percent, to 5,240.15. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT The benchmark S&P index is up 7 percent since Dec. 31. Its recent run to record highs has been partly supported by expectations the Fed will continue to keep rates low, as well as some upbeat earnings and economic news. Data on Thursday showed the number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits fell more than expected last week. Investors expect more insight on the rate outlook at an annual meeting of central bankers from around the world in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, next week. Among the day's decliners, the telecommunications index <.SPLRCL> fell 0.8 percent, leading sector losses. Cisco <CSCO.O> shares fell 0.8 percent to $30.48 after the network equipment provider said it would cut 5,500 jobs and gave a disappointing forecast. NetApp <NTAP.O> jumped 17.4 percent to $33.88 after its quarterly results beat expectations. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.39-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 19 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 27 new lows. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.39-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 19 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 27 new lows. About 5.9 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.4 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days, according to Thomson Reuters data.   (Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Dan Grebler) What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. © 2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 69,069 Bus driver asked kids if they were 'ready to die' before fatal crash: mom 59,049 'I hope it's not my fault': School bus driver to mom after fatal crash 30,994 Clinton team is told to contest the election 27,384 Donald Trump's media summit was a 'f−−−ing firing squad' 25,476 This unlikely place may be where WWIII starts 24,828 Key adviser claims Elton John will play at Trump's inauguration Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Walmart bucks downward trend in retail with earnings beat By Reuters View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) August 18, 2016 | 10:37am Modal Trigger Photo: Getty Images More On: walmart Walmart has another bad quarter, thanks to food deflation Horrible dad drags daughter around Walmart by her hair I lost half my body weight by walking for my food Woman stops pet monkey from attacking Walmart worker Walmart raised its fiscal-year profit forecast on Thursday and reported higher-than-expected quarterly earnings, an improvement it attributed in part to a better shopping experience resulting from employee wage increases. Shares of the world’s largest retailer rose more than 4 percent. Earlier this year, Walmart said it would invest $2.7 billion over two years to increase entry-level wages to $10 an hour, a move the company said has led to cleaner stores, faster checkouts and improved customer service. “Walmart’s strategic investments are generating traction, which is especially meaningful, given a large portion of its customer base remains challenged,” said Moody’s analyst Charlie O’Shea. The company bucked a string of weak results by higher-end brick-and-mortar competitors like Target, Macy’s and Kohls. Online sales growth accelerated sequentially for the first time in five quarters, rising 11.8 percent from 7 percent in the first quarter. However, the higher wages and investments in automated warehouses dedicated to filling online orders hit profitability. Excluding a non-cash gain of $535 million from sale of Walmart’s China e-commerce business, operating income dropped 7.2 percent. Earnings per share came to $1.07, excluding the gain and other items, in the second quarter ended on July 31. Analysts on average were expecting $1.02, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Walmart raised its fiscal-year earnings outlook to between $4.15 and $4.35 a share from a previous range of $4.00 to $4.30. Sales at US stores open at least a year rose 1.6 percent, excluding fuel. That was the eighth consecutive quarterly increase and exceeded market expectations for a rise of 1 percent, according to research firm Consensus Metrix. Store visits increased 1.2 percent. Revenue rose 0.5 percent to $120.9 billion despite a $2.7 billion hit from a stronger dollar, which reduces the value of overseas sales. International sales fell 6.6 percent to $28.6 billion but increased 2.2 percent on a currency-neutral basis. Net income attributable to Walmart rose to $3.77 billion from $3.48 billion. To accelerate its e-commerce business and narrow the widening gap with rival Amazon.com, Walmart recently paid more than $3 billion to acquire internet retailer Jet.com, the highest price ever for an online startup. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under walmart Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Judge suggests Apollo, TPG kick in cash for Caesars restru... Read Next Judge suggests Apollo, TPG kick in cash for Caesars restru... Most Popular This Week 1 Donald Trump's media summit was a 'f−−−ing firing squad' 2 Melania and Barron Trump won’t be moving to the White House 3 College kids are proving Trump's point 4 Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? 5 Trump may not be able to work in the Oval Office for over a year 6 Bus driver asked kids if they were 'ready to die' before fatal crash: mom Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 68,318 Bus driver asked kids if they were 'ready to die' before fatal crash: mom 59,759 'I hope it's not my fault': School bus driver to mom after fatal crash 33,297 Clinton team is told to contest the election Now On Youngest Jonas brother busted with marijuana Swizz Beatz latest celeb caught up in Malaysian embezzlement scandal Jeff Bridges slashes mansion asking price by $5M SEE ALL Video :45 This burger bun is full of hot liquid cheese that will explode when you bite it More Stories pagesix J.Law worries her privates will turn into 'wet sponges' Now On Decider Jon Stewart Calls Liberals Hypocrites For Saying Trump Voters Are Racist nypost Bus driver asked kids if they were 'ready to die' before fatal crash: mom New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2016 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Skiers Hit The Slopes on Copper Mountain, Colo. ‘View Into the Blue' Underwater View From Cooper Island, British Virgin Islands Dow Jones Industrial Average RADAR: Midwest Winter Storm Live Look at the Beach Surf in Belmar, NJ Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video #DonaldTrump Zach Gibson/Getty Images Trump Walks Fine Ethical Line to White House, Experts Say 2h ago Sessions Urged Caution Over Federal Lawsuits Alleging Discrimination Trump's 100-Day Agenda: Experts Examine if It Can Be Done Top Stories My Stories Wayne State Police Officer Shot and Critically Injured Facebook Built China 'Censorship Tool': Report Thanksgiving Travel Rush: What to Expect Waterslide to Be Demolished After Boy Died Trump Disavows Alt-Right Group: 'I Condemn Them' Man Injured in Philly Blast Thought Package Was Meds Turkey's President Slams Those Who Call Trump 'Dictator' Airstrike in Mosul Disrupts ISIS Supply Lines South Korean Leader Defends Purchase of Viagra Pills Original Gerber Baby, Ann Taylor Cook, Turns 90 #DonaldTrump Mandel Ngan/AFP/Getty Images Trump Offers UN Ambassadorship to SC Gov. Nikki Haley Nov 23 Nikki Haley: Everything You Need to Know About Trump's Pick for UN Ambassador A Look at the Last 4 US Ambassadors to the United Nations #DonaldTrump Efrem Lukatsky/AP Trump Foundation Took Donations From Controversial Ukrainian Clinton Donor Nov 23 Trump Foundation Admits It Gave Money to 'Disqualified Person' Calls for Deutsche Bank, a Big Trump Lender, to Face Independent Prosecutor #Thanksgiving Evan Vucci/AP Photo Everything You Need to Know About the Presidential Turkey Pardon Nov 23 President Obama's Thanksgiving Turkey Pardons Through the Years What's Up With Those White House Turkey Pardons? #MelaniaTrump Play ABCNews.com Election 2016: Who Is Melania Trump? Nov 9 Donald Trump Jr.: The Basics Ivanka Trump: The Basics Politics #DonaldTrump What Trump Said During Wide-Ranging Interview #DonaldTrump Trump 'Seriously Considering' Ben Carson for HUD #DonaldTrump Trump 'Leaning' Against Renewed Probe of Clinton, Sources Say #GOP House Republican Criticizes Trump Over Business Conflicts of Interest #DonaldTrump Jared Kushner Defends Steve Bannon in Interview, Calls Him an 'Incredible Zionist' A Look at Gen. James Mattis From a Close Friend #DonaldTrump What Donald Trump's 100-Day Plan Leaves Out #DonaldTrump Sanders Supporter Rep. Tulsi Gabbard Being Considered for Trump Cabinet #GOP Everything You Need to Know About Gen. James Mattis #MikePence Pence, Who Touts Openness, Tries to Stop Document Release #DonaldTrump Inside Donald Trump's Relationship With Agent Ari Emanuel #DonaldTrump Trump Met With Indian Business Partners, Reviving Questions on How He Will Avoid Conflicts of Interest #DonaldTrump Donald Trump's Cabinet Begins to Take Shape #DonaldTrump Jennifer Jacobs Says Steve Bannon Is 'Donald Trump's Chief Idea Guy' #Politics Clinton Popular Vote Lead Over Trump Now Exceeds 1.5 Million #MittRomney Trump Says Meeting With Romney 'Went Great' More News Texas Appeals Court Rules 'San Antonio 4' Are Innocent US Applications for Unemployment Aid Rose Last Week Twitter Accidentally Suspends Its CEO's Account Tenn. Crash Revives Debate Over School Bus Seat Belts States Struggle With High Number of Foster Children NHL Newest Team Gets a Name: Vegas Golden Knights Poem Signed by Anne Frank Sells for Nearly $150,000 NH Man Electrocuted While Hanging Holiday Lights Trump Stance on Immigration May Aid Private Prisons Wildfires Continue Spread as Arson Probes Opened #BlackFriday Henry Romero/Reuters Thanksgiving and Black Friday Doorbuster Deals Nov 23 8 Black Friday Shopping Strategies On Eve of Holiday Shopping, Consumer Advocates Say Vigilance Needed in Children’s Product Safety Play ABCNews.com Chattanooga Bus Crash Survivors Speak Out Nov 23 School Bus Driver in Fatal Crash Involved in Prior Collision Happy Thanksgiving #Thanksgiving San Francisco Cyclists Complete 50-Mile Turkey-Shaped Bike Ride #Thanksgiving Here's to Thanksgiving Dinner With My Ex-Wife #Thanksgiving Thanksgiving by the Numbers: Fast Facts About Turkey Day #Thanksgiving How to Carve a Turkey for Thanksgiving #Thanksgiving 3 Thanksgiving Travel Tips to Save Turkey Day #Thanksgiving Add Sweet Potato Pie to Your Holiday Feast #Thanksgiving How Many Calories Americans Will Eat on Thanksgiving #Thanksgiving Must-Try Recipes for Most-Searched Thanksgiving Foods #Thanksgiving Thanksgiving Dinner Etiquette Post-Election #Thanksgiving 'GMA' Ultimate Cranberry Challenge #Thanksgiving Jon Voight Buys Thanksgiving Turkeys for Stranger in Line at Grocery Store #Thanksgiving How Astronauts Celebrate Thanksgiving in Space Michael Rozman/Warner Bros. Mariah Carey Breaks Silence on Reported Split With James Packer 1h ago Play ABCNews.com High School Football Team Asks Court to Overturn Loss Nov 23 More News FIFA Leaning Toward a 48-Team World Cup Dalai Lama: 'I Have No Worries' About Trump's Election Lufthansa Pilot Strike Forces 1,800 Flight Cancelations Rare Thunderstorm Asthma Kills 4 in Australian Israel Orders Probe of German Submarine Purchase Drug Dealer Says He Gave Money to Philippine Senator Germany Asks Sweden to Extradite 'Laserman' Killer Suspect in Cop's Death Got Married After Shooting Russia Rejects Criticism of Baltic Missile Buildup FBI Raids Financially Troubled Town in Puerto Rico Sergey Ponomarev/AP Photo How Poland Is Recovering From a Real-Life 'Designated Survivor' Situation Nov 23 Inside the Top Secret Greenbrier Bunker #Thanksgiving Tetra images RF/Getty Images How Many Calories Americans Will Eat on Thanksgiving Nov 23 Thanksgiving Traditions at the White House Thanksgiving Dinner Etiquette Post-Election Facebook/Venice, Florida Municipal Government Fireball Spotted in Night Sky Over Florida 2h ago Getty Images I Got Remarried and Didn't Tell My Kids 3h ago #JustinBieber Giorgio Benvenuti/ANSA via AP Photo Video Shows Justin Bieber Allegedly Punching Fan in the Face 49m ago Tommy Hilfiger: 'Any Designer Should Be Proud' to Dress Melania Trump Erykah Badu on Music, Family and the Soul Train Music Awards #Thanksgiving Courtesy Melissa Birchmore Foster Mom Gets Thanksgiving Wish to Adopt for the First Time 1h ago Spend Thanksgiving Night with OneRepublic, Kelly Clarkson and More Miranda Lambert's New Album Is a Soaring 'Double Dose of Heartbreak' Warner Bros. Pictures 'Fantastic Beasts' Makes $75M in Opening Weekend Nov 21 Play ABCNews.com How to Carve a Turkey for Thanksgiving Learn how to carve a turkey for Thanksgiving dinner step by step. Up Next: Play Thanksgiving by the Numbers: Fast Facts About Turkey Day #DWTS ABCNews.com Laurie Hernandez Had 'Same Joy' Winning Mirror Ball as She Did Olympic Medals 3h ago 'DWTS': Hernandez and Chmerkovskiy Win the Mirror Ball Trophy 'DWTS' Finalists Label One Another With Funny Yearbook Superlatives #NFL ABCNews.com JJ Watt Opens Up About Threatening Staph Infection Nov 23 Shannen Doherty Teases Photo From 'Heathers' Reboot Corey Feldman Marries Girlfriend Courtney Anne Courtesy Taryn Keith Diner Surprises Waiter With $750 Tip Nov 22 In Case You Missed It Woman Wins Nearly $1M on 'Wheel of Fortune' Slot Machine Lovebirds Married 73 Years Recreate Their First Date at a Seattle Hotel How the World Came Together to Find a #CupForBen Prince Harry Tours Barbuda Woman Designs Her Own Woodland Fairy Tale Wedding Dress Over 6 Months #Thanksgiving Shelter Sends Animals Home for Thanksgiving With Option to Adopt Singing Cashier Takes the Stage With R&B Singer Maxwell Meet the Toddler Who Looked Like Danny DeVito The Sound of 'Success': Young Patients Ring Bell to Mark End of Cancer Treatment School Community Helps Beloved Crossing Guard Afford Prosthetic Leg Repair 86-Year-Old Man Learns to Knit to Make Hats for Preemies #BeInspired 80-Year-Old Bride Weds for The First Time Melvin Nicholson/REX/Shutterstock Rare White 'Rainbow' Spotted in Scotland 2h ago Behind the Scenes at Amtrak: How the Rail Giant Turns Trains Around Underwood Archives/Getty Images Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade Through the Years Nov 23 Babies Dressed as Turkeys Win This Thanksgiving 'Tis the Season for Awkward Family Thanksgiving Photos David Johnson/Barcroft Images Holy Cow:This Cow Is Over 6 feet 14m ago Michael Phelps Hits the Red Carpet With His Wife and Son Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian Step Out in New York City Back To Top Sections U.S. World Politics Weird News Investigative Health Entertainment Sports Money Technology Travel Recipes News Topics Live Blog Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight with David Muir Nightline World News Now & America This Morning This Week with George Stephanopoulos 20/20 Primetime What Would You Do? ABC.com Tools iPad App Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube Press Releases RSS Headlines Site Map About Contact Us Feedback Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads ABC News Store Authors List Go.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Feedback External links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites. Copyright © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. Yahoo! - ABC News Network
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Walmart outperforms Target, and the difference might be groceries The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Sarah Halzack August 18 Follow @sarahhalzack Shoppers push carts through the grocery department at a Walmart in Chicago. (Daniel Acker/Bloomberg) Walmart’s business improved on two key fronts in the most recent quarter: Traffic was up 1.2 percent at its U.S. stores, the big-box chain reported Thursday, and e-commerce sales growth picked up after a long stretch of deceleration. The retailer said its stores were busier due to ongoing efforts to make them tidier and better-stocked. Executives added that the business likely got some help in the quarter from low gas prices, which may have left shoppers feeling flush, and ultra-hot weather, which often spurs them to buy seasonal items such as fans or pool toys. Walmart also offered a sunnier outlook for the rest of the year, bumping up its earnings forecast. In this latest quarter, it pulled down $120.9 billion in revenue, a 0.5 percent increase over the same period last year. (Adjusting for currency fluctuations, revenue rose 2.8 percent to $123.6 billion.) Online, Walmart saw sales growth of 11.8 percent, a reversal after several quarters in which growth was slowing down. Walmart has been investing heavily in building out its network of fulfillment centers and has been rapidly expanding its grocery pickup program, in which shoppers can buy their groceries online and pick them up at their local store. Brett Biggs, Walmart’s chief financial officer, told reporters Thursday said the better online sales performance is a sign the chain is starting to see the fruits of those efforts. Plus, it helps that Walmart is simply selling a much wider array of goods through its digital marketplace, which includes third-party sellers. In January, the site offered 8 million different items for sale; today, that’s up to 15 million. Growth in the online business can’t come fast enough for Walmart, a distant second to Amazon.com in the e-commerce race. Walmart last week announced a a major gamble to build its digital muscle, saying it agreed to spend $3.3 billion to buy upstart Jet.com. The big-box chain also plans to install Jet’s founder, Marc Lore, as chief executive of Walmart e-commerce, a move that would put Lore’s fingerprints throughout its business. In remarks to investors and reporters Thursday morning, Walmart painted a different picture of the recent retail landscape than its rival, Target, had put forward a day earlier. After a disappointing quarter, Target executives spoke of great week-to-week volatility in sales and patchiness in business geographically, with stores in California performing strongly and East Coast stores seeing weakness. However, Walmart’s Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs described a different market: “Overall, we’re seeing a consumer that’s acting pretty steadily.” Greg Foran, the chief executive of Walmart U.S., said the retailer also saw fairly consistent performance across merchandise categories.  Comparable sales at Walmart’s U.S. business rose 1.6 percent in the quarter, making for eight consecutive periods of growth on that measure. While the uptick in traffic was the main driver of that growth, the retailer also recorded a 0.4 percent increase in “ticket,” or how much was spent per transaction. That suggests that when people came to Walmart, they were adding more items to their basket or were splurging on pricier goods. Both Walmart and Target have been racing to improve their grocery offering, looking to spruce up their presentation of their merchandise and striving to have fresher, more enticing produce the shelves. At least during this quarter, Walmart appeared to have a leg up on its competitor. The chain saw positive comparable sales and an uptick in traffic in the grocery aisles, even as the industry overall saw a deflation in food prices. Target meanwhile, reported it recorded a decline in comparable sales in this department, despite intense effort to offer better quality and assortment. Overall, profit jumped 8.6 percent to $3.8 billion; earnings per share rose 12 percent to $1.21. Walmart’s stock was up about 1.6 percent in pre-market trading. business business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news. Follow @sarahhalzack Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Donald Trump lost most of the American economy in this election 2 Trump just announced he’d abandon the TPP on day one. This is what happens next. 3 The worst-case scenario for the economy under Trump just happened in another country 4 The secretive brain trust of Silicon Valley insiders who are helping Trump 5 Trump wants to dump the Paris climate deal, but 71 percent of Americans support it, survey finds Market Watch DJIA 0.39% NASDAQ 0.25% Get quote Last Update: 3:44 PM 11/22/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
null
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money On the Hunt for Holiday Movers DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Stocks Fall as Investors Parse Earnings; Walmart Beats Estimates U.S. stocks slipped Thursday as investors analyze quarterly results from Walmart and Cisco. Scott Gamm Aug 18, 2016 10:05 AM EDT U.S. stocks slipped Thursday as investors analyzed quarterly results from Walmart (WMT) and Cisco (CSCO) . Walmart shares rose 3 percent after reporting second quarter earnings that beat analysts' forecasts on the top and bottom lines. Comparable store sales grew 1.6 percent, the biggest increase in eight quarters. Digital sales gained 11.8 percent, compared to a 16 percent increase in the same quarter a year ago. Cisco shares dipped 1.3 percent after unveiling plans to lay off 5,500 workers, lower than the 14,000 cuts mentioned in various news reports on Wednesday. Fourth-quarter earnings, released Thursday, of $0.63 a share eclipsed estimates of $0.60. Revenue dipped 1.6 percent year-over-year to $12.64 billion, topping estimates of $12.57 billion. More questions surround the alleged gunpoint robbery of U.S. Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte. While Lochte has returned to the U.S., two of his teammates, who were reportedly with Lochte during the incident, were plucked from a U.S.-bound flight last night, as authorities seek more information. A Brazilian judge questioned the validity of Lochte's initial account of what took place. TheStreet's Scott Gamm reports from Wall Street. If you liked this article you might like Here's Why Shoppers Are Headed to These 6 Retailers on Black Friday Every Black Friday is a battle for foot traffic for the nation's biggest retailers, according to a study by Foursquare. Scott Gamm Nov 23, 2016 11:29 AM EST Infographic: Everyone Thinks This Year's Holiday Shopping Season Will be Amazing From forecasters to top retail executives, the consensus is that the upcoming holiday season will be strong. Brian Sozzi Nov 23, 2016 10:25 AM EST Surging U.S. Dollar Presents Investors With Many Ways to Gain As the greenback reaches for new heights, three strategies stand out as worth pursuing. Barry Rehfeld Nov 23, 2016 9:31 AM EST Black Friday Winners Will Include J.C. Penney, Ulta, Kate Spade, Says One Retail Expert As the holiday shopping season gets under way, some retailers are emerging as standout winners. Rhonda Schaffler Nov 22, 2016 5:20 PM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending 5 Worst Airports in the U.S. Dow Sets Record as Wall Street Awaits Fed Minutes Johnson & Johnson Stock Goes Into Full Breakdown How to Trade Lilly, Deere and Other Most-Active Stocks Wednesday President Trump, Please Help GM Sell the Chevy Silverado to China Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Accessibility survey: Please help us improve accessibility on FT.com Skip to navigation Skip to content Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Trump reverses course on core campaign pledges Trump vows to renounce Pacific trade deal on first day in office UK trade deal far from top priority for Canada Trump’s first day plans, EU bank crackdown and tricks of memory Matteo Renzi’s reform fails to resonate in Italy’s poor south US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Marine Le Pen looms over a Trumpian world Trump reverses course on core campaign pledges Trump vows to renounce Pacific trade deal on first day in office Donald Trump faces the reality of world trade Ex-US military chief voices concern at generals’ role under Trump Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Citigroup tops list of global banks posing systemic risk Daimler executive removed after ‘racist rant’ in China Trump reverses course on core campaign pledges Trump’s first day plans, EU bank crackdown and tricks of memory Michael Sherwood, the man who led Goldman’s growth in Europe Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Trump’s first day plans, EU bank crackdown and tricks of memory US equities push further into record territory What markets expect from the Autumn Statement Don’t bet on Donald Trump opening the spigots on US oil Autumn Statement set to leave UK assets facing winter winds Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Marine Le Pen looms over a Trumpian world Italy’s referendum holds the key to the future of the euro Donald Trump faces the reality of world trade I’m leaving and I want you to join me Britons who shout loudest are not always the worst-off Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read I’m leaving and I want you to join me Entrepreneurial MBA students struggle against immigration curbs Apprenticeships are new route into legal world Law school admissions collapse continues Advice for Lucy Kellaway and other career-change teachers Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Most Read In defence of my decor and picture-hanging skills Brexit: a coup by one set of public schoolboys against another Hannah Winterbourne, Britain’s highest ranking transgender soldier ‘Luxury is a bygone word’: Jonathan Anderson’s vision for Loewe Vroom with a view: across Italy in a classic car Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to FT.com Subscribe to read: Asda posts its worst quarterly sales fall Already a subscriber? Sign in here INDIVIDUAL Standard Digital Limited Time Offer $4.79 per week* Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Premium Digital $9.75 per week* Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Premium Digital Trial $1.00 for 4 weeks* Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news Premium Digital + Newspaper $11.77 per week* Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle OTHER SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS Group Subscriptions Free team trial Newspaper Only Select Weekend App Edition Select * Terms and conditions apply Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Take the accessibility survey Support Open in app Open in app Feedback Help Centre About Us Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition UK Edition Search the FT Search Top sections Home Show more World links World World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Show more US links US US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Show more Companies links Companies Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Show more Markets links Markets fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Show more Opinion links Opinion Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Show more Work & Careers links Work & Careers Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Show more Life & Arts links Life & Arts House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Show more Personal Finance links Personal Finance Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Return to the old FT.com Open in app Open in app

null
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. America is now Walmart country The Street 8/18/2016 Brian Sozzi © AP Photo Walmart Hammering home the message of cheap is serving Walmart well in the U.S. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 70.76 +0.64 +0.91% Target Corp TGT ▲ 78.85 +0.98 +1.26% The world's largest retailer reported Thursday that second-quarter sales rose 0.5% to $120.8 billion, beating Wall Street forecasts of $120.2 billion. Earnings came in at $1.07 a share vs. the $1.02 a share estimate of analysts. Walmart guided to 95 cents a share to $1.08 a share three months ago. The company lifted its full-year profit forecast Thursday to $4.15 a share to $4.35 a share from its previous outlook of $4 to $4.30 a share. But the standout was the sales strength at Walmart U.S., especially a day after rival Target reported a surprising second-quarter sales decline. Walmart U.S. notched its eighth straight same-store sales increase with a gain of 1.6%, in large part driven by more people visiting its supercenters. The increase in traffic was likely aided by the company's investments in lower product prices in areas such as food, better customer service from higher paid workers and those higher paid workers spending more in a Walmart store. Clearly, Walmart's emphasis on value during a summer slowdown in the jobs market and general consumer uncertainty is something that competitor Target could have used. Target's second-quarter same-store sales fell 1.1%, a sharp reversal from a 2.4% increase a year ago, thanks to a decline in customer traffic. It marked the first time Target delivered a same-store sales decline since a 0.3% drop in the first quarter of 2015, according to Bloomberg data. Target CEO Brian Cornell suggested on a call with analysts Wednesday that Target has to emphasize the "pay less" portion of its long-time "expect more, pay less" marketing message. Added Chief Financial Officer Cathy Smith, "We have to not just emphasize style, but also reach those consumers that are intensely focused on value." Go to MSN Home More in Money 7 successful icons who had a brush with bankruptcy InvestorPlace 20 best money tips of all time from Tony Robbins GOBankingRates 7 CEOs heading to the chopping block InvestorPlace The most dangerous states in America 24/7 Wall St. 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money Up Next What the richest 1 percent earns in every state Money Talks News AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From The Street Jim Cramer -- Buy a Stock 'When Everyone Hates It' The Street Deere Earnings Better-Than-Expected, but Don't Hold Your Breath The Street Dow Sets Record as Wall Street Awaits Fed Minutes The Street Sling TV's Addition to Comcast's X1 Platform Reflects Pay-TV's New Dynamics The Street The Street View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
{{ currentBoardShortName }} Markets Indices FX Energy Metals {{data.symbol | reutersRICLabelFormat:group.RICS}}   {{data.netChng | number: 4 }} {{data.netChng | number: 2 }} {{data | displayCurrencySymbol}} {{data.price | number: 4 }} {{data.price | number: 2 }} {{data.symbol | reutersRICLabelFormat:group.RICS}}   {{data.netChng | number: 4 }} {{data.netChng | number: 2 }} {{data | displayCurrencySymbol}} {{data.price | number: 4 }} {{data.price | number: 2 }} Markets As of: {{timeStamp.date}} {{timeStamp.time}} Markets {{ currentBoardShortName }} Markets Indices FX Energy Metals {{data.symbol | reutersRICLabelFormat:group.RICS}}   {{data.netChng | number: 4 }} {{data.netChng | number: 2 }} {{data | displayCurrencySymbol}} {{data.price | number: 4 }} {{data.price | number: 2 }} {{data.symbol | reutersRICLabelFormat:group.RICS}}   {{data.netChng | number: 4 }} {{data.netChng | number: 2 }} {{data | displayCurrencySymbol}} {{data.price | number: 4 }} {{data.price | number: 2 }} Are you looking for a stock? Try one of these {{result.description}} {{result.ric}} More Results BNN Are you looking for a stock? Try one of these {{result.description}} {{result.ric}} More Results Markets Video Shows TV Market Call Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Company News Commodities Technology Economics ETFs C-Suite Interviews Market Call Market Call Tonight Schedule Markets Video Shows TV Market Call Scoreboard BNN News Investing News Video REITs Preferred Shares Dow hits record high for third straight day, TSX down on commodity prices David Burrows' Top Picks: November 22, 2016 Matt Kacur's Top Picks: November 22, 2016 TMX Group did not violate competition rules, watchdog finds Craig Porter's Top Picks: November 21, 2016 McCreath: Pessimists may be wrong about three important European elections Bruce Tatters' Top Picks: November 21, 2016 Larry Berman: Momentum and liquidity factors Stan Wong's Top Picks: November 18, 2016 Frank Holmes' Top Picks: November 18, 2016 Track panda Da Mao's stock picks CIBC’s tax-loss selling strategy: Sell now, not in December Bashed bonds steady as Bank of Japan steps in to arrest rate pressure caused by Trump Derek Warren's Top Picks: November 17, 2016 Zachary Curry's Top Picks: November 17, 2016 U.S. dollar negatives may hit first before Trump's fiscal positives: CMC Markets Foreign investment in Canadian securities stays strong in September Winners and losers of Trump's U.S. election victory, one week later John Zechner's Top Picks: November 16, 2016 Personal Finance News Video Move over, Gen Y: Gen Z is ready to spend Pattie Lovett-Reid: How to shop wisely on Black Friday, Cyber Monday 4 in 10 Canadians say they'll need to cut back on lifestyle: Study Pattie Lovett-Reid: Is talking about money tacky? Nearly one-in-four Canadians worried about how to pay for groceries: Study Personal Investor: What you should know before making a TFSA contribution Personal Investor: Staying diversified in a world on edge Pattie Lovett-Reid: Get ready for volatility and more Trump uncertainty Pattie Lovett-Reid: Can we handle piling on more debt? Canadians ramp up debt as low rates expected 'for a long time': Report Personal Investor: New U.S. president, same old retirement crisis Pattie Lovett-Reid: What average investors should do about the U.S. election Personal Investor: Bankruptcy cloud hangs over holiday spending season Personal Investor: What the Clinton vs. Trump race means for your retirement portfolio Visa offers Manitobans $10 credit for shopping somewhere other than Wal-Mart Pattie Lovett-Reid: Time to start sharing your financial wins Breaking up is hard to do: When and why to look for a new financial advisor What salary should you be making? LinkedIn, Glassdoor add tools to reveal your pay potential Personal Investor: How to spot a boiler room investment scam Real Estate News Video Home Prices REITs House Money CMHC CEO warns critics ignoring ‘drunken brew’ of hot home prices, high debt levels Five things upending Canadians’ understanding of housing Want to list your home on Airbnb? 4 tips to consider first Royal Bank to hike fixed mortgage rates as bond market tumbles Vancouver passes 1% tax on empty homes Canadian housing boom continues, while Vancouver market ‘returning to earth’ Toronto, Vancouver markets stay hot as Canadian housing prices rise 0.2% Ontario targets first-time homebuyers in bid to deliver housing relief Vancouver proposes 1% empty homes tax Trump presidency may drive Americans into Canadian real estate: Royal LePage CEO Housing starts slip in October, as B.C. sees big drop: CMHC Calgary office vacancy rate headed for 30% as oil downturn continues Toronto diverges from Vancouver as home sales hit all-time high Vancouver home sales plunge 39% in October, 3 months after foreign buyers' tax TD raises mortgage prime rate by 0.15% in wake of Ottawa's new rules Statistics Canada working to close gaps in key housing data Morneau says Ottawa has 'no further action under consideration' to cool hot housing markets ‘Huge surge’ of Airbnb listings from people over 50 Company News News Video Bombardier wins 8-year, $331M rail contract from Montreal CP Rail settles lawsuit with rival Canadian National Railway for $25M Toyota recalls 60,000 Sienna minivans in Canada due to unsafe doors Just 300 calories? Chipotle sued over chorizo burrito’s nutrition information Couche-Tard raises quarterly dividend 16% as Q2 profit falls McDonald's partners with WestJet as coffee battle takes to the skies Citi and JPMorgan top list of globally systemically important banks Sun Life now selling life insurance to HIV-positive Canadians Why men's skincare could become a billion-dollar industry in Canada Volkswagen to cut 30,000 jobs by 2020, save US$3.9B in labour agreement ARC sells Saskatchewan oil-producing assets to Spartan for $700 million ​Brookfield Asset proposes to take 50-60% stake in TerraForm Power ‘These guys got nailed’: Former Valeant, Phildor execs arrested on fraud, conspiracy charges Eugene Melnyk is turning bullish on Valeant TD Bank quietly raises fixed mortgage rates after similar move by RBC Gap to shut more stores, reports seventh straight quarterly sales decline Ford Canada names Mark Buzzell as new president and CEO Former TMX exec Kevan Cowan to join new Canadian securities regulator ​Wal-Mart Q3 profit falls on e-commerce, in-store changes Wells Fargo account openings drop 44% in October on sales scandal Commodities News Show Guests Oil Energy Gold Mining Trump’s energy policies could force Trudeau to ‘soften’ impact of environmental rules: Report Oil prices rise even as doubts remain on OPEC-led cut 'Chapter 22' looms over some U.S. oil and gas bankruptcy survivors Pot stocks tumble as Ottawa tightens reimbursement rules for veterans Carbon tax won't affect oil sands development if crude rises above US$60: Report Get real: Time for an adult conversation on legalizing drugs, says law professor Saskatchewan's Brad Wall slams Ottawa’s ‘disingenuous’ approach amid coal phase-out plan OPEC experts make progress on first day of output talks Marijuana stock euphoria: Should you join the wild ride? Canada should focus on ‘own backyard’ rather than Keystone XL in U.S., Doer says ‘Socially sensitive’ marijuana stocks like Canopy Growth too risky: Money manager Calgary's health-care industry hit by the energy price slowdown ARC sells Saskatchewan oil-producing assets to Spartan for $700 million Trump's hostility toward foreign oil may not extend to Canada: Money manager Canopy Growth halted five times as Canadian marijuana stocks go on wild ride ‘I am optimistic’: The pipeline projects that Canadian energy CEOs want built the most Suncor forecasts 13% production increase, lower spending in 2017 Winners and losers of Trump's U.S. election victory, one week later Technology News Video The Disruptors Facebook reportedly builds censorship tool to re-enter China after 7-year ban CRTC reduces most TV provider license renewals to a year, says Canadians should 'shop around' HP Enterprise's profit forecast misses estimates, sending shares lower Tesla Motors closes deal for solar panel installer SolarCity DH Corp. to slash dividend 62.5% amid 'strategic transformation' Wind rebrands as Freedom Mobile, CEO vows it won’t do 'anything silly' with prices Google, other tech giants rush to invest in Montreal AI research lab Samsung brand in U.S. not damaged by massive Galaxy Note 7 recall: Poll Amazon gears up to bring Prime Video service to Canada ‘any day’ Facebook sets US$6 billion buyback; accounting chief resigns ‘A lack of corporate courage’: Why Trump triumphs over Canadian CEOs on Twitter Award-winning film producer slams Netflix, Amazon for putting Canada at disadvantage Snap's youthful founders show no fear in race to IPO Tesla's Elon Musk wins approval to acquire SolarCity Salesforce's quarterly revenue up on cloud-based sales, beats estimates Russia blocks LinkedIn after court ruling Lexus's newest concept car is inspired by … Sriracha hot sauce Airbnb becomes full-service travel company with new offerings CRTC partners U.S. counterpart to fight unwanted robocalls, ID spoofing Economics News Video Five Trump business ties that pose conflicts Richard Branson calls Canada ‘beacon of hope’ for investors, slams Trump's 'dangerous' trade stance U.K. cuts 2017 growth forecast in first budget since Brexit vote Liberal government to 'explore acquisition' of 18 Boeing-made Super Hornet fighter jets Saskatchewan deficit balloons to $1B with falling resource, tax revenue Massive earthquake could mean $127.5B hit to Canadian economy: Conference Board Canada’s neglect of natural resource industries will hurt trade talks, David Emerson warns Canada's inflation rate rises, food prices fall for first time since 2000 Citi and JPMorgan top list of globally systemically important banks Canadian wholesale trade falls 1.2% in September McCreath: Pessimists may be wrong about three important European elections Canada, Mexico to discuss NAFTA strategy this weekend, sources say Improving economy strengthens case for rate hike, U.S. Fed's Yellen says Canada doesn't need to move in step with U.S. Fed on rates: BoC's Timothy Lane Canada expects Britain to be part of CETA deal, Finance Minister Morneau says Canadian manufacturing sales rise 0.3% in September, topping expectations December rate hike may get U.S. rates to neutral setting, Fed's Bullard says Trudeau 'not worried' about competing with U.S. for infrastructure investment Why Trump's fiscal measures to boost growth won't live up to the hype Canada plans trade talks with U.S., Mexico, Morneau says ETFs News Video Berman's Call ETF Report: 4 ways to play U.S. regional banks Larry Berman: Momentum and liquidity factors ETF Report: How giant panda Da Mao's picks have performed so far Larry Berman: Smart beta ETFs with momentum and value strategies Larry Berman: Multi-factor smart indexing models ETF Report: Vanguard's record run Why gold ETF flows are critical to gold price trajectory Newly revamped ETF lets investors take position on Canadian natural gas Breakouts & Breakdowns: 6 reasons to like Russia Larry Berman: A look at quality vs. volatility smart beta strategies How ETFs are uncovering buys for active fund managers ETF Report: How a blogger built a fund ETF Report: Ways to play Netflix ETF Report: Shrinking Canadian equity ETFs ETF Report: A bet against Deutsche Bank and subprime loans ETF Report: Active vs. passive investing ETF Report: Samsung woes hit ETFs John Hood's Top Picks: October 6, 2016 ETF Report: Massive money flows into fixed income ETF Report: BlackRock cuts fees to boost market share C-Suite Interviews News Video McDonald's partners with WestJet as coffee battle takes to the skies Eugene Melnyk is turning bullish on Valeant Jaguar unveils I-PACE, takes Tesla's Model X SUV head-on Enercare down more than 9% over the past week despite strong third quarter Canada needs to ‘rethink’ carbon tax, top Canadian energy executive says ‘I am optimistic’: The pipeline projects that Canadian energy CEOs want built the most 'Not going to happen': Martinrea chair on Google, Apple's carmaking visions Alberta gas could help lower Ontario energy bills: Birchcliff CEO Canadian regulatory challenges give global investors pause MEC CEO: Great time for us to expand in Alberta GMP Capital CEO: Hanging onto Richardson GMP to keep an independent voice ‘We’ll survive’: Canadian energy CEOs weigh in on Trump’s impact on the sector Dodd-Frank legislation was a 'joke': Caldwell Securities Canada extremely important to the U.S.: Senior Trump advisor Enerplus CEO: RMP asset acquisiton a great fit for us Canopy Growth shares surge as weed maker’s revenue soars 245% from a year ago As Trump takes White House, Crescent Point CEO eyes end to oil and gas disruptions ‘All the uncertainty is erased’: 7 Canadian business leaders share their hopes for Trump Cascades CEO: European market conditions not improving Brookfield CEO says asset manager building up cash after 8-year bull run Market Call Video Guests Picks Market Call Tonight Market Call Tonight Video Guests Picks Market Call Schedule Markets Video Shows TV Market Call More Markets Video Shows TV Market Call BREAKING NEWS BAAZOV STILL INTENDS TO GO AHEAD WITH AMAYA PURCHASE BREAKING NEWS DAVID BAAZOV CONFIRMS KBC HAS NOT COMMITTED TO FINANCE AMAYA OFFER Company News News Video Article News Video More News Video Latest Videos {{ currentStream.Name }} Related Video Up Next Now Showing {{ video.Name }} Continuous Play: ON OFF The information you requested is not available at this time, please check back again soon. Most Popular {{item.title | formatTitle}} Company News Aug 18 BNN's Daily Chase: Aritzia files for IPO, Canadian debt levels on the rise By Noah Zivitz Credit cards, The Canadian Press Noah Zivitz Managing Editor, BNN Follow|Archive Aritzia prepares to test the waters with IPO on the TSX There’s a breakthrough in Canada’s IPO market. Women’s fashion retailer Aritzia has filed for an initial public offering on the Toronto Stock Exchange. Since Hydro One’s massive offering last year, Canada’s IPO market has ground to a virtual halt. Today we’re assessing market demand for new listings, and looking into who could be next in line.  Here are the ways we will look at this today: Most importantly, how much investor demand is there for IPOs on the TSX? Who’s next in line to go public?   What does Aritzia’s prospectus tell us about its growth strategy? (more on that below) In case you missed BNN’s last interview with TMX CEO Lou Eccleston, it’s worth reviewing what he told BNN's Amber Kanwar about the IPO pipeline just a few weeks ago.  Inside Aritzia’s prospectus As always, the IPO prospectus is a gold mine for information on the company that’s dressing itself up for public consumption. Some tidbits from the filing: It will be a dual-class share structure There are no plans to pay a dividend (“we intend to retain any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business”) The company has big plans for its nascent ecommerce business. The digital portal launched in 2013, and revenue from that stream now accounts for 12 per cent of total revenue. Aritzia wants to see that metric hit 25 per cent by FY 2021.  Aritzia thinks it has a “meaningful opportunity” to expand its bricks and mortar business, “particularly in the United States.” It’s aiming for up to 30 new stores by FY 2021.  Revenue in the year ending May 29 was $570.5 million, compared with $427.4 million in the year ending March 1, 2015. Aritzia says it thinks revenue could hit $1.2 billion by the end of FY 2021.  Profit in the year ending May 29 was $38.1 million, compared with $16.5 million in the year ending March 1, 2015.  Aritzia says it thinks adjusted profit could hit $130 million by the end of FY 2021.  Wal-Mart raises outlook, fends off Canadian competitors     Wal-Mart shares rose 3 per cent in pre-market trading after the retailer raised its full-year profit forecast on the back of second-quarter earnings that beat estimates. While by no means a primary driver for the company, Wal-Mart’s Canadian division managed to grow amid intensifying competition.“Despite increased promotional activity by competitors throughout the quarter, comp sales increased 1.1 per cent,” CFO Brett Biggs said during a conference call. Wal-Mart also trumpeted Nielsen data showing it’s gaining market share among food retailers. We’ll discuss Wal-Mart’s strategy for competing with Amazon in the States and the incumbent grocers in Canada.  Brett Biggs, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. EVP & CFO: "In Canada [...] comp sales have now been positive for nine consecutive quarters, and according to Nielsen we continued to gain market share in food and consumables and health and wellness. Our cost analytics program made good progress helping drive down cost of goods allowing us to invest in price. Excluding the gain from the sale of certain properties in Canada last year, operating income increased faster than sales. Additionally, we continue to decrease inventory levels and improve efficiency from a store and labor perspective." Good news, bad news story on Canadian household debt A new report today from Equifax shows second-quarter consumer debt (ex-mortgages) reached $1.7 trillion in Canada, compared with $1.6 trillion a year ago. And it’s the most elderly Canadians who heaped on the most leverage, as Canadians aged 65+ saw their debt levels rise 8.2 per cent to $15,001. The good news is that demographic was the only age bracket whose delinquency rate fell in the period. It was another story among millennials, as Canadians aged 18-25 saw their delinquency rate surge almost 12 per cent (albeit from a relatively low level).      Canada Post and union still sparring  With the seemingly ever-present threat of a postal service interruption hanging over the country, the two sides are still at loggerheads. Canada Post warned late yesterday that “Canadians could expect” the union to serve 72-hour strike notice by August 25, when their strike mandate is set to expire. For its part, the union is threatening to “confront” Canada Post’s “elusive” CEO at tomorrow’s AGM.  We’ll continue tracking this story as it unfolds.  Releases/events:  -Notable earnings: Wal-Mart, Gap TSX 15,000 watch: Closed Wednesday at 14,697.60 Last traded at 15,000 on June 4, 2015 Every morning Commodities host Andrew Bell writes a ‘chase note’ to BNN's editorial staff listing the stories and events that will be in the spotlight that day. Today's note was written by BNN's Managing Editor Noah Zivitz. Have it delivered to your inbox before the trading day begins by heading to www.bnn.ca/subscribe. Top Picks 4:22 David Burrows' Top Picks: November 22, 2016 3:49 Matt Kacur's Top Picks: November 22, 2016 5:10 Craig Porter's Top Picks: November 21, 2016 BNN Live Video Stream Subscribe to BNN Newsletters Mobile BNN Personalities Weekly Schedule Channel Guide Contact Us Media Kit Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Web site FAQ © 2016 All Rights Reserved
CLOSE Home Today St. Louis Latin America Politics U.S. Latin America World Economy U.S. Latino America World Science & Tech Science Technology Health Sports Boxing Soccer Basketball Football Baseball Hockey Life & Style Arts Fashion Food Night Life Travel Real Estate Home & Decor Spirituality Entertainment Events Movies Music Classifieds Classifieds Saint Louis, MO Weather Forecast Afrikaans AfrikaansAlbanianArabicArmenianAzerbaijaniBasqueBelarusianBengaliBosnianBulgarianCatalanCebuanoChinese(Simplified)Chinese(Traditional)CroatianCzechDanishDutchEnglishEsperantoEstonianFilipinoFinnishFrenchGalicianGeorgianGermanGreekGujaratiHaitianHausaHebrewHindiHmongHungarianIcelandicIgboIndonesianIrishItalianJapaneseJavaneseKannadaKhmerKoreanLaoLatinLatvianLithuanianMacedonianMalayMalteseMaoriMarathiMongolianNepaliNorwegianPersianPolishPortuguesePunjabiRomanianRussianSerbianSlovakSlovenianSomaliSpanishSwahiliSwedishTamilTeluguThaiTurkishUkranianUrduVietnameseWelshYiddishYorubaZulu Red Latina is now proudly partnered with Home Today St. Louis Latin America Politics U.S. Latin America World Economy U.S. Latino America World Science & Tech Science Technology Health Sports Boxing Soccer Basketball Football Baseball Hockey Life & Style Arts Fashion Food Night Life Travel Real Estate Home & Decor Spirituality Entertainment Events Movies Music Classifieds Exhaust Hood Cleaner Technician Wanted UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD EVENT NEW NORTHSIDE’S HEALTH & WELLNESS FAIR BLUE 1647 APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAMS Career Fair Four Seasons Hotel Afrikaans AfrikaansAlbanianArabicArmenianAzerbaijaniBasqueBelarusianBengaliBosnianBulgarianCatalanCebuanoChinese(Simplified)Chinese(Traditional)CroatianCzechDanishDutchEnglishEsperantoEstonianFilipinoFinnishFrenchGalicianGeorgianGermanGreekGujaratiHaitianHausaHebrewHindiHmongHungarianIcelandicIgboIndonesianIrishItalianJapaneseJavaneseKannadaKhmerKoreanLaoLatinLatvianLithuanianMacedonianMalayMalteseMaoriMarathiMongolianNepaliNorwegianPersianPolishPortuguesePunjabiRomanianRussianSerbianSlovakSlovenianSomaliSpanishSwahiliSwedishTamilTeluguThaiTurkishUkranianUrduVietnameseWelshYiddishYorubaZulu Home All Walmart Changes the Grocery Shopping Game with New Pickup Service in the... Walmart Changes the Grocery Shopping Game with New Pickup Service in the St. Louis area All Economy Local Today St. Louis Aug 18, 2016 0 105 Walmart Store in the St. Louis area. Photo: Saint Louis Post - Dispatch English Version Spanish Version   Customers Can Choose from 30,000 Items, Including Fresh Produce, Meats and Organic Groceries   St. Louis, MO – Grocery shopping is about to get a whole lot easier for St. Louis area shoppers. Walmart, the largest grocer in the U.S., will launch its online grocery pickup service at five St. Louis area stores starting next week (see complete list below). The free service enables customers to order groceries online and pick them up at their local Walmart store without even leaving their cars. “At Walmart, we have always been known for saving our customers money, and, with services like grocery pickup, we are also saving them valuable time,” said Sarah Borgmann, Walmart eCommerce Market Coach for St. Louis and Columbia. “Our customers have told us that grocery pickup is a game changer. They are now able to complete their grocery shopping in a matter of minutes – between errands or on their way home from an after-school activity – without even unbuckling their seat belts.” Walmart’s grocery pickup service features 30,000 items with more than 90 percent of customers choosing to add fresh meat, dairy or produce to their baskets. Other top items selected by grocery pickup shoppers include after school snacks, diapers and large dog food bags. In the St. Louis area, Walmart will also offer regional brands and items such as Louisa toasted ravioli and Maull’s barbecue sauce for pickup. All items are priced at the same low prices customers find in their local Walmart store.   How it Works Order and Choose a Pickup Time: Customers visit walmart.com/grocery online or through the Walmart Grocery mobile app, enter their zip codes to select a local store and begin creating their shopping lists. During checkout, they select a time to pick up their orders. Personal Grocery Shoppers Fill the Basket: Highly-trained personal shoppers carefully select the freshest produce, meats and other items each customer requested. Pick Up and Go: Once a customer arrives at the pickup location, there will be reserved parking spaces marked in orange and a designated number to call to alert an associate. An associate will quickly retrieve the prepared order and load it into the customer’s car. Quality Guaranteed Walmart always guarantees the quality of the food being picked up or purchased in store through its Freshness Guarantee for meat and produce. If customers are unsatisfied with an item, they simply bring back the receipt for a full refund. Local Stores Walmart’s Online Grocery service will be available next week at the following five area stores: Festus Supercenter, located at 650 S. Truman Blvd., Festus, MO 62028 (service begins July 25) Collinsville Supercenter, located at 1040 Collinsville Crossing, Blvd., Collinsville, IL 62234 (service begins July 25) Arnold Supercenter, located at 2201 Michigan Ave., Arnold, MO 63010 (service begins July 25) Washington Supercenter, 1701 A Roy Dr, Washington, MO 63090 (service begins July 26) Lake Saint Louis Supercenter, located at 6100 Ronald Reagan Dr., Lake Saint Louis, MO 63367 (service begins July 26)   Making Shopping Even Easier Walmart’s Online Grocery service is one of many ways Walmart is using technology to create a better shopping experience for its customers. Another tool is the Walmart mobile app which is used by more than 20 million customers monthly* and ranks among the top three retail apps in the Google and Apple app stores. The app enhances the shopping experience in Walmart stores with features including refilling pharmacy prescriptions, finding an item’s store location and Walmart Pay, a safe, easy and convenient way for customers to pay with their smartphones in Walmart stores (available nationwide this summer).     Walmart Cambia la Manera de Comprar Comestibles Con el Nuevo Servicio de Recogida en el área metropolitana de St. Louis   Los Clientes Pueden Seleccionar de entre 30,000 Artículos Incluyendo Verduras y Frutas Frescas, Carnes y Comestibles Orgánicos   St. Louis, MO —La compra de comestibles en St. Louis se ha hecho mucho más fácil para los compradores. Walmart la tienda de comestibles más grande de Estados Unidos lanzó su servicio de recogida de comestibles en línea la semana que entra en tiendas del área metropolitana de St. Louis. El servicio gratuito permite a los clientes hacer sus pedidos de comestibles en el internet y recogerlos en su tienda Walmart local sin siquiera salir de sus vehículos. “En Walmart, somos conocidos por ahorrarle dinero a nuestros clientes y con los servicios como la recogida de comestibles, estamos también ahorrándoles valioso tiempo,” dijo Sarah Borgmann, Walmart eCommerce Market Coach para St. Louis y Columbia. “Nuestros clientes nos han dicho que el servicio de recoger alimentos ha cambiado el terreno de juego.  Ahora son capaces de completar su compra de comestibles en cuestión de minutos—entre los mandados o de camino a sus casas de una actividad después de la escuela sin siquiera desabrocharse los cinturones de seguridad.” El servicio de recogida de comestibles de Walmart dispone de 30,000 artículos con más del 90 por ciento de los clientes eligiendo añadir carnes frescas, lácteos y productos agrícolas frescos a sus canastas.  Otros artículos que encabezan la lista seleccionados por compradores que recogen sus comestibles incluyen refrigerios para después de la escuela, pañales y bolsas grandes de comida de perro.  En St. Louis, Walmart también ofrecerá con este servicio marcas de mercadería regional y artículos  tales como raviolis tostados de marca Louisa y salsa barbeque marca Maull’s.  Todos los artículos tienen el mismo precio bajo que se encuentran en las tiendas locales de Walmart. Como Funciona Haga Su Pedido y Escoja la hora Para Recogerlo: Los clientes van al sitio Walmart.com/grocery en línea o por medio de la aplicación móvil Walmart Grocery, ingresan sus códigos postales para seleccionar su tienda local y empiezan a crear sus listas de compras. A la hora de pagar, seleccionan la hora que recogerán sus pedidos. Compradores Personales de Comestibles Llenan sus Canastas-Compradores personales altamente entrenados seleccionaran cuidadosamente los productos agrícolas más frescos, carnes y otra mercancía solicitada por el cliente. Recoger y Ya: Una vez que el cliente llegue a la zona de recogida, habrá espacios reservados marcados de color naranja, y un número telefónico designado para llamar y alertar a un asociado. Un asociado rápidamente llevará el pedido ya preparado y lo colocará en el interior del vehículo del cliente. Calidad Garantizada Walmart siempre garantiza la calidad de los alimentos recogidos o comprados en las tiendas a través de su Garantía de Frescura de sus carnes y comestibles.  Si el artículo no es del agrado del cliente, solamente tiene que traer de vuelta el recibo de compra para recibir un reembolso completo. Tiendas Locales  El servicio de Comestibles Online de Walmart está ahora disponible en las siguientes five tiendas del área: Festus Supercenter, situado en 650 S. Truman Blvd., Festus, MO 62028 Collinsville Supercenter, situado en 1040 Collinsville Crossing, Blvd., Collinsville, IL 62234 Arnold Supercenter, situado en 2201 Michigan Ave., Arnold, MO 63010 Washington Supercenter, situado en 1701 A Roy Dr, Washington, MO 63090 Lake Saint Louis Supercenter, situado en 6100 Ronald Reagan Dr., Lake Saint Louis, MO 63367 El servicio de Comestibles Online de Walmart es una de las muchas maneras que Walmart está usando la tecnología para crear una mejor experiencia de compras para sus clientes.  Otra herramienta es la aplicación móvil de Walmart utilizada por más de veintidós millones de usuarios mensualmente* y está clasificada entre los tres apps de minoristas más buscados en las tiendas de apps de Google y Apple. El app mejora la experiencia de compras en las tiendas Walmart y cuenta con la renovación de recetas médicas en la farmacia, la ubicación de artículos en la tienda y Walmart Pay, la forma fácil, rápida y segura de clientes pagar con sus teléfonos inteligentes (smartphones). (disponible este verano a través de toda la nación).       TAGS pick up services Red Latina saint louis Walmart Twitter Facebook Google + Pinterest Previous articleFWD.us: Clinton is candidate who can change "broken" immigration system Next articleCar Accidents – Can We Avoid Them? Red Latina SIMILAR ARTICLES Pfizer plans $200M building, consolidation in St. Louis area Nov 22, 2016 0 78 Costa Rica orders red alert, evacuation as Tropical Storm Otto nearsg Nov 22, 2016 0 95 NO COMMENTS Leave a Reply Cancel reply Search Red Latina RedLatinaTV Upcoming Events Stay Connected Our Partners Continental Fabricators Bright Sky James Fisher John Cichelero Gonzalo Fernandez Wichmer & Groneck cleaningheg Contact@redlatinastl.com | 314-772-6362 | P.O. Box 4743, St. Louis 63108 | About Us | Advertise w/Us | Jobs & Internships Red Latina STL | Copyright © 2015. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy Translate » Estrella TV Here is some information on advertising with us. Continue to Estralla TV Mundo Fox Here is some information on advertising with us. Continue to Mundo Fox
Skip to content Marketing can change the world Newsletter Editions Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Subscribe Newsletter Subscribe Sections News The Latest news for the marketing & media industries. Creative Works Explore the latest, and greatest, creative work from around the globe. Awards Providing great companies with the recognition they deserve. Events Holding events to support, inform, challenge and advise. Profile Hub Latest case studies and news from Agencies and Freelancers. Research Features providing insights into the marketing industries. Network Take a fresh approach to raising your profile with potential clients. Jobs Search 2,345 jobs in marketing, advertising, creative and media. Works Creating compelling content your customers will love. The fastest way to find the right agency Follow The Drum Advertise About Contact Newsletter Subscribe Americas Europe Asia-Pacific News Creative Works Awards Drum Network Research Events Profile Hub Jobs Works RAR Sections News Marketing Digital Advertising Creative Media Opinion Video All Marketing B2B Marketing Sponsorship Public Relations Experiential Marketing Diversity Digital Programmatic Digital Advertising Social Media Mobile Artificial Intelligence (AI) search Advertising Ad of the Day Ad of the Week Native Advertising Branded Content Outdoor Advertising The Secret of My Success Creative Creative Works Design Branding Creative Cities Media Newspapers Radio Categories Industry Insights Career Jobs Below the line data Entertainment awards Sectors Retail FMCG Sport Technology Charity Auto Public Sector Telecoms Transport & Logistics Travel & Leisure Utilities Video games Property Food & Drink Consumer Goods Arts Construction Education Industrial Video The Day Before Tomorrow Man About Asia smbuzzchat John's Weird Week Everything You Need To Know Research women in search RAR Independent Agencies Whitepapers 50 under 30 Design Census Digerati Mobile Top 100 Design 100 Diversity census Latest News Marketing23 November 2016 The Legacy Lab Honors launches to honor brand leaders Advertising23 November 2016 The Drum Network Should political advertising be regulated? Advertising23 November 2016 Creative Works US Creative Work of the Week: Hill Holliday gives Bank of America’s holiday spot a magical twist Marketing23 November 2016 Opinion How it feels to be courted as an influencer More News Asda suffers new low as sales tank 7.5% and pressure intensifies for marketing boss Andy Murray By Jennifer Faull-18 August 2016 13:32pm Asda Walmart owned Asda has suffered another devastating blow to its sales which were down a record 7.5 per cent in the second-quarter, intensifying the already high pressure on its marketing team. It is now the eighth consecutive quarter of declining sales leading Walmart's chief executive Doug McMillon to stress that it’s being addressed “with urgency”. The retailer blamed “the competitive environment” – in other words Aldi and Lidl – as well as food deflation for the fall, but reiterated statements made previously that it will focus on “improving the retail basics” and “strengthening its offering” as well as the ploughing ahead with its £1.5bn price-reduction plan to turn its fortunes around. “While our turn-around will take time, I’m confident in the new leadership team there and want to assure you we’re addressing this with urgency,” said McMillion. However, the grace period for this new leadership team is quickly drawing to a close. This is the first trading update under new UK boss Sean Clarke, who joined in July, and the second quarter for chief customer officer Andy Murray who joined the company earlier this year. Given Asda's performance over the past two years, time is a luxury they unfortunately don't have. Murray’s impact on the business hadn’t been felt beyond a reshuffle of its agency roster in April, but this quarter he launched its first campaign under new creative agency Saatchi and Saatchi. It starred celebrity chef James Martin and took a different direction than its previous marketing efforts, moving away from the bombardment of ‘low price’ messaging and instead tried to inspire shoppers about what they could rustle up with a few basic ingredients during the summer. “This ad marks the beginning of an exciting campaign that is designed to emotionally engage with our customers,” said Murray at the time. And while it is still early days, the campaign doesn’t seem to be having the desired effect. The issue lies in the fact that price, for a long time, has been what Asda sold itself on. The long-running 'Everyday Low Prices' proposition no longer resonates as strongly as it once did, given a basket of similar goods from Aldi and Lidl will come out on average 10 per cent less and although it’s clearly trying to define itself beyond being the cheapest supermarket an even deeper rethink of how it positions itself in the market is needed. Paul Thomas, senior consultant, Retail Remedy, said: “Asda's USP was that it was the cheapest grocer in the UK. They lost that crown to the discounters which leaves them with... and there is the problem. “Price investment is inevitable, but Asda needs more. Quality, value for money also go without saying. Asda used to be innovative but that gene has been inactive for some time now. Non-food is an asset and we would make more of that with theatre, excitement and use it to overcome the soul-less experience that is shopping in Asda. “Use the colleagues, engage them and they can transfer that enthusiasm to the customer.” US based-parent company Walmart delivered positive sales for the eighth consecutive quarter, up 1.6 per cent. It too has been on a cost-cutting drive and recently entered into what it described as a strategic partnership with Publicis Groupe that gave it “unfettered access” to all of the holding company’s agencies and resources. This article is about: UK, asda, walmart, second quarter, saatchi & saatchi, Marketing, Retail, Brand Jennifer Faull The Drum senior reporter Jen Faull provides news and insight on the latest developments in retail and FMCG. Twitter All by Jennifer Start the Conversation Related Articles UK asda walmart second quarter saatchi & saatchi Marketing Retail Brand Digital01 November 2016 Amazon Prime to launch in China without content streaming services Advertising31 October 2016 Creative Works Ad of the Day: Asda helps young werewolf - finally - do Halloween his way Marketing20 October 2016 ‘You need collaborative action’: ANA’s Bob Liodice on diversity and brands Digital19 October 2016 Walmart gets into online entertainment with ad-supported TV and movie streaming services Must Watch Watch the latest video news, chat shows and documentaries from the world of marketing and media. Sponsored Video 23 November 2016 Identity resolution bridges online and offline customer recognition gap - new episode of Everything You Need to Know: Data & Customer Experience Customers now have physical and digital identities, making it difficult for marketers to identify and target individual customers. In the latest episode of Ever... More Video 23 November 2016 Harrods ups its bid to compete in the media big league with the launch... 15 November 2016 Why ‘tailored services’ offered by companies are no longer relevant - ... 07 November 2016 DigitasLBi creatives rate ads by Playstation, Canary and TalkTalk | Ad... More Marketing Marketing23 November 2016 The Legacy Lab Honors launches to honor brand leaders Marketing23 November 2016 Opinion How it feels to be courted as an influencer Creative23 November 2016 Andrew Garfield gives awkward hugs in new PSA Marketing23 November 2016 Weed Wednesdays growing in popularity this holiday season Get the magazine app The Drum app brings you some of the world's best marketing and media news, analysis and creative insights. Already the UK and Europe's number one marketing platform, we are also now covering the USA and Asia. Get the magazine Delivered every fortnight, The Drum Magazine distils the babble of marketing industry commentary and news into a single intelligible and intelligent package. And because of its size, it has the space to showcase creative at its best. Subscribe Get our newsletter The Drum's biggest news and industry insights delivered straight to your inbox Signup to the newsletter More from around The Drum Digital11 October 2016 Sponsored The Automation of Creativity: How man & AI will work together to improve the ad industry Advertising09 November 2016 Sponsored Marketers are still missing the data connection - so here’s how to solve it Marketing21 November 2016 Sponsored General Electric: ‘We overcame our sceptics with Ecomagination’ Creative18 November 2016 The Drum Network The Create Britain Video Round Up Marketing can change the world News Creative Works Awards Live Events Network Profile Hub Research Works Jobs RAR About Advertise Diary Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Website Feedback © Carnyx Group Ltd 2016 | The Drum is a Registered Trademark and property of Carnyx Group Limited. All rights reserved.
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money On the Hunt for Holiday Movers DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Here's Why Walmart Is Still Being Crushed By Amazon Walmart posted better-than-expected second quarter earnings Thursday, but the world's biggest retailer is still under siege from Amazon. Scott Gamm Aug 18, 2016 9:30 AM EDT Walmart (WMT) posted better-than-expected second quarter earnings Thursday, but the world's biggest retailer is still under siege from Amazon (AMZN) . 'They're relatively late to the online game,' said Michael Ingram, a market analyst with BGC Partners, based in London. Walmart's digital sales grew 11.8 percent during the quarter, down from 16 percent in the same quarter a year ago. Ingram said Walmart hopes its pending acquisition of Jet.com boosts online sales and puts the company in a better position to compete with Amazon. TheStreet's Scott Gamm reports from Wall Street. If you liked this article you might like Sling TV's Addition to Comcast's X1 Platform Reflects Pay-TV's New Dynamics Dish Network's Sling TV is eager to pass the 1 million subscriber mark, securing a deal with the cable giant to upsell the skinny bundle through its X1 set-top box. Leon Lazaroff Nov 23, 2016 12:56 PM EST Infographic: Everyone Thinks This Year's Holiday Shopping Season Will be Amazing From forecasters to top retail executives, the consensus is that the upcoming holiday season will be strong. Brian Sozzi Nov 23, 2016 10:25 AM EST Here Is One Stock to Buy Now That the Dow Hit 19,000 The Dow Jones Industrial Average may be over 19,000, a record high, but that doesn't mean there aren't any opportunities left in the markets. Scott Gamm Nov 23, 2016 9:04 AM EST Amazon Sports Service Won't Eat Disney's Lunch, But It Doesn't Have To With TV networks controlling the rights to the best sports content, Amazon's rumored sports package might not be too disruptive. But it could give Prime members another reason to renew. Eric Jhonsa Nov 22, 2016 8:12 PM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending 5 Worst Airports in the U.S. Dow Sets Record as Wall Street Awaits Fed Minutes Johnson & Johnson Stock Goes Into Full Breakdown How to Trade Lilly, Deere and Other Most-Active Stocks Wednesday President Trump, Please Help GM Sell the Chevy Silverado to China Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
null
null
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Asda Asda rejects price war after eighth quarter of decline Walmart-owned chain will not increase investment in price cuts after losing further ground with 7.5% fall in sales Brett Biggs, Walmart’s chief financial officer, said: ‘Fierce competition and food deflation continue to challenge the market.’ Photograph: Chris Radburn/PA Sarah Butler @whatbutlersaw Thursday 18 August 2016 08.28 EDT Last modified on Thursday 18 August 2016 19.15 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close This article is 3 months old Asda has said it will not be increasing its investment in a price cuts regime despite a further 7.5% slump in sales in the spring. On Thursday, the Walmart-owned chain revealed the drop in sales at established stores for the three months to 30 June – a major worsening of performance after a 5.7% fall in the previous three months and its eighth quarter of decline. One retail analyst described the grocer’s performance as “fairly calamitous”. Walmart’s chief financial officer, Brett Biggs, admitted Asda had failed to win back customers from rivals. “In the UK, fierce competition and food deflation continue to challenge the market, significantly impacting traffic,” he said. But despite suggestions that Asda would try to win back shoppers from the likes of Aldi and Lidl with aggressive price cuts, Biggs said the company remained “committed to the previously announced five-year £1.5bn price investment”. “Our strategy remains focused on improving retail basics, simplifying and strengthening the offer through improved availability and assortment discipline, reducing costs through our cost analytics programme and driving sales through strategic price investments,” he said. UK supermarket sales suffer worst fall for at least two years Read more Neil Saunders, chief executive of industry analyst Conlumino, said: “In our view this is a fairly calamitous outcome and one that certainly reflects the challenges of the UK market, but also underlines the inadequacy of Asda’s response to it.” He said Walmart needed to invest more in price cuts as its traditional low price image had been blunted by heavy competition from Aldi and Lidl. “Walmart, as the biggest retailer in the world, has the firepower and expertise to fight back, but up until now it has been a sleeping giant. These figures will act as a wake up call and that position will, in our view, now change,” he said. But Clive Black, a food retail analyst at broker Shore Capital, said Asda’s problems were not just about price and it was no surprise that the company was not planning to hit the “nuclear button” on a price war. “Asda has got a stronger price perception and relation than a lot of its competitors and it is still underperforming. They have to look at a whole lot more. Their stores are boring and functional and they have lost the art of selling. Product quality is poor and reflects elements of their supply chain and low staff morale.” Asda has been losing market share for the past two years as Aldi and Lidl expanded rapidly, while bigger rival Tesco has improved its prices and service. Price deflation and the rise of online shopping, combined with the use of small local grocery stores, have driven sales declines at all the major traditional supermarket chains. But Asda, which does not operate a chain of small local stores and has based its marketing around price, is faring far worse than its major rivals. The group ousted Andy Clarke from his role as chief executive in June and replaced him with Sean Clarke, a former Asda employee who most recently ran Walmart’s Chinese business. Sean Clarke said: “Although Asda is in midst of a very challenging period there is no doubt in my mind that the culture that has always been at the heart of our success is still there. We’ve also started one of the biggest journeys of reinvention in our history to further build on our strong offer and I feel positive about the future.” Asda recruited Roger Burnley, Sainsbury’s operations head, last October and some analysts expected him to replace Clarke once his year-long notice period from Sainsbury’s was over. Burnley will become deputy chief executive when he arrives in October. Walmart’s chief executive, Doug McMillon, said: “While our turnaround will take time, I’m confident in the new leadership team there and want to assure you we’re addressing this with urgency.” In the US, Walmart revealed a better than expected 1.4% rise in sales at established stores, excluding fuel, while total sales for the group rose 0.1% to $119.4bn in the three months to 31 July. The company lifted its profit expectations for the year as it revealed a 1.6% rise in operating profit to $6.2bn. Asda said its US operation had performed well because it had improved its stores, online operation andits prices. More news Topics Asda Retail industry Supermarkets Walmart Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Business › Asda Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Walmart deal makes overnight millionaire even richer Walmart deal makes overnight millionaire even richer Posted on Thursday, August 18, 2016 by CNN in Business News It’s the get-rich-quick scheme that keeps on giving. Eric Martin of York, Pennsylvania, is in line for a massive payday following Walmart’s recent purchase of Jet.com for $3.3 billion. Martin doesn’t work for the startup retail/tech company, but he does own 100,000 of its shares thanks to a get rich quick scheme that made him an overnight millionaire. Here’s how it happened: Last year, Martin read about a Jet.com contest to get people to sign their friends up for a preview version of its service. Whoever registered the most people would be given a prize of 100,000 company shares. The 28-year old Martin went far beyond his friend circle, spending $18,000 in advertising on sites like Swagbucks and Gifthulk, which reward people for signing up for stuff online. In just three weeks, Martin signed up more than 8,000 people for Jet.com’s “Insider” program. The startup announced in February 2015 that Martin was the top-enroller, and handed over 100,000 shares. Jet.com has been secretive about its finances, but 100,000 shares was easily worth millions of dollars at the time. Fusion.net estimated a value of $20 million. The value of the shares ballooned even further when Walmart stepped in this month with its multi-billion dollar bid for Jet.com. The deal is the largest acquisition ever of a U.S. e-commerce company. “There was a lot of prayer involved,” Martin told CNNMoney on Thursday. “I came up with the winning strategy.” He said he’s now working to start a new company that connects people with great business ideas to workers who can execute those ideas. Jet.com — which is like an online version of Costco — is barely one year old and began competing with Amazon by signing up members for $50 a year and offering super-steep discounts on everything. The e-commerce site was founded by Diapers.com entrepreneur Marc Lore. Lore sold his previous firm to Amazon in 2010 for $540 million, so he’s known for his track record of growing big, bold companies. Walmart’s CEO said Lore will continue to run Jet.com and take over leadership of Walmart’s U.S. e-commerce efforts after the acquisition closes. Self-driving buses are roaming the streets of Helsinki Penoyer Graduates PA Bankers School with Honors Related Posts Redskins ask Supreme Court to hear trademark case As wages rise, CEOs are starting to complain Stanford business school tops Harvard For BlackBerry, a surprise profit Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Wal-Mart profit beats expectations, stock rises Reuters |  Aug 18, 2016 04:58 PM IST By Nandita Bose REUTERS - Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the world's largest retailer, reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit on Thursday as sales at its established U.S. stores rose for the eighth consecutive quarter, sending its shares up more than 3 percent. Excluding a non-cash gain from the sale of Wal-Mart's e-commerce business in China and other items, earnings per share came to $1.07 in the second quarter ended on July 31. That exceeded the analysts' average estimate of $1.02, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The retailer had forecast 95 cents to $1.08. Wal-Mart said sales at U.S. stores open at least a year rose 1.6 percent, excluding fuel price fluctuations. That is stronger than market expectations for a rise of 1 percent, according to research firm Consensus Metrix. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart said it would invest $2.7 billion over two years to increase entry-level wages to $10 an hour, a move the retailer said has led to cleaner stores, faster checkouts and improved customer service. Store visits increased 1.2 percent in the second quarter. Wal-Mart outperformed a string of weak results by competitors. On Wednesday, rival Target Corp cut its full year profit forecast and reported a drop in quarterly sales due to weakness in its electronics and grocery departments. Shares of Wal-Mart were trading up 3.5 percent at $75.48 before the market opened. At Wednesday's close, the stock had risen nearly 19 percent this year. (Additional reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva and Lisa Von Ahn) Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Ratan Tata's ego caused financial mess for group firms: Cyrus Mistry Demonetisation: Problem of plenty for RBI as banks park record Rs 4.32 lakh crore Demonetisation: Union Minister latest victim as hospital declines to accept old notes Supreme Court refuses to stay petitions against demonetisation No transaction charges on debit card payments: Govt More From Current Affairs Dow hits record; U.S. yields, dollar at multi-year highs Healthcare stocks drag Wall Street lower Toyota aims to sell more hybrid cars in India Russia still working on how to freeze oil output ahead of OPEC talks EXCLUSIVE: ECB seeks to lend out more bonds to avert market freeze: sources [ more ] Top Stories ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim SBI cuts bulk deposit rates by 1.25-1.9% [ more ] Markets ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Fall below 7,900 could take Nifty to 7,500-7,600 levels Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Sesame output likely to fall 40% due to unfavourable climate Impact of demonetisation largely priced in: Ridham Desai [ more ] Companies Wadia sends third notice to Tata Sons Mistry knows where all the bodies are buried in Tata Group: Kumar Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim Azim Premji-backed FSS plans to raise $250 million [ more ] Opinion Gujarat Gas results set off downgrades Expect lower growth at Eicher Reliance Industries valuation at 10-yr low Don't revive inspector raj Resolving a disagreement [ more ] Latest News ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Fall below 7,900 could take Nifty to 7,500-7,600 levels Finders can't be keepers Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Sesame output likely to fall 40% due to unfavourable climate [ more ] Today's Paper Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster Zara's recipe for success: More data, fewer bosses Debit card charges dropped, farmers to get easier cash access We should have 5 million customers by 2020: David Mcmillan, Aviva Europe Pakistan's jihad makers [ more ] News you can use Demonetisation: Stricter norms for NRIs Spread equity investments over three-four months Deposits above Rs 2.5 lakh: Don't panic if you receive the I-T notice Expect your household budget to shoot up: Going cashless comes at a cost Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TGtic2 Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Asda Sales Slide as U.K. Supermarket Falls Further Behind Rivals Paul Jarvis August 18, 2016 — 7:44 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Same-store sales at Wal-Mart unit decline for eighth quarter Company ‘addressing this with urgency,’ Wal-Mart CEO says Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp U.K. supermarket chain Asda saw a record decline in sales during the second quarter, illustrating the scale of the task facing new Chief Executive Officer Sean Clarke. Same-store sales tumbled 7.5 percent, excluding gasoline, as the grocer continued to lose ground to discounters and its main competitors. The U.K. market continues to be characterized by “fierce competition and food deflation,” Brett Biggs, chief financial officer of U.S. parent company Wal-Mart Stores Inc., said in a statement Thursday. Clarke, the former head of Wal-Mart’s China unit who replaced Andy Clarke as CEO last month, faces a tough task to revive the supermarket chain after eight successive quarters of declining same-store sales. Asda has committed to cut prices by 1.5 billion pounds ($2 billion) over five years as it seeks to cut the gap with discounters Aldi and Lidl. “While our turnaround will take time, I’m confident in the new leadership team there and want to assure you we’re addressing this with urgency,” Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon said in the statement. “We are simplifying and strengthening our offering through improved availability and assortment discipline, reducing costs and driving sales through strategic price investments.” Asda’s second-quarter performance was in contrast to its parent company. Wal-Mart increased its annual earnings forecast after second-quarter results topped estimates. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Markets Wal-Mart Stores Inc Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Shopping Jobs Driving Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Wal-Mart raises annual profit outlook, reports strong sales     By Anne D'Innocenzio, The Associated Press August 18, 2016     Story Photos ( 1 )     FILE - In this Friday, June 5, 2015, file photo, Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon speaks at the company's shareholder meeting in Fayetteville, Ark. Wal-Mart reports financial results Thursday, Aug. 18, 2016. (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File) NEW YORK, N.Y. - Wal-Mart's vast fleet of stores and its online business are starting to click together. The company raised its earnings outlook for the year on Thursday and delivered strong profit and sales for the second quarter, as moves to improve the store and online experience are winning over customers. Wal-Mart has launched a flurry of changes, from making sure vegetables look good to cleaning up the stores to being sharper on keeping prices low. It's melding online services with the stores — rolling out a mobile payment system to speed checkouts. And it's pressing ahead with online grocery and pick-up services. As a result, the Bentonville, Arkansas-based company reported its eighth consecutive quarterly increase in comparable-store sales, and the seventh straight quarterly gain in customer traffic at its Wal-Mart U.S. namesake business. "We've got existing customers who are visiting stores more often and putting an extra item in their basket," Greg Foran, CEO of Wal-Mart's U.S. business told reporters on a call Thursday. Wal-Mart is also picking up some new customers, but that will take some time, he added. And growth was solid and consistent across all types of merchandise from toys to clothing. Wal-Mart shares rose 1.3 per cent to $74.29 in late morning trading. Like its direct store rivals, Wal-Mart is reinventing itself to be more nimble as it tries to fight off competition. In particular, it's trying to compete with online leader Amazon.com, whose Prime shipping program is swiftly converting members into loyal shoppers. And it faces competition from dollar stores and traditional grocers like Kroger, which are ramping up promotions and lowering prices. The report contrasts with results from Target Corp., which cut its profit forecast Wednesday as customer traffic fell for the first time in a year and a half. Target blamed a number of factors. That included that it focused too much marketing on its stylish merchandise and didn't do enough to bring in customers looking for essentials like detergent. It's also struggling to reinvent its food section and it also cited weak electronics sales. Target CEO Brian Cornell also noted sales varied widely from region to region. Wal-Mart, meanwhile, is vastly expanding the items available on its website, and global online sales rose 11.8 per cent in the second quarter. That's up from the 7 per cent pace of the first quarter but still far weaker than the 20 per cent increases from less than two years ago. It's also spending $3 billion to acquire fast-growing online retailer Jet.com, which it says will help it grab higher-income and younger customers. It will incorporate some of Jet.com's technology that lowers prices in real time. Chief Executive Doug McMillon said in a pre-recorded call that the growth in global e-commerce came from the improvement in the U.S. market, fueled by its rollout of Wal-Mart Pay and the online grocery and pick-up services that it's rolling out. The company added grocery pickup service to 30 more markets in the second quarter, bringing the total to more than 60. The grocery business showed improvement from the first quarter despite inflationary pressure. Both general merchandise and health and wellness items showed solid sales growth. Second-quarter net income jumped nearly 9 per cent to $3.77 billion, for $1.21 per share, in the quarter ended July 31. That compares with $3.47 billion, or $1.08 per share in the year-ago quarter. Earnings adjusted for non-recurring gains were $1.07 per share, a nickel better than Wall Street had expected, according to a survey by Zacks Investment Research. Revenue was $120.85 billion, also edging out analyst forecasts. Revenue at U.S. Wal-Mart stores opened at least a year rose 1.6 per cent, its best performance since 2012. Customer traffic rose 1.2 per cent, marking the seventh straight quarter of gains. The U.S. Wal-Mart division accounts for 62 per cent of total sales. The company now estimates that for the current fiscal year, adjusted per-share earnings will be $4.15 to $4.35. Analysts had expected $4.27. Wal-Mart is also spending $2.7 billion on higher wages and other investments for its hourly workers over a two-year period. The company also just rolled out a new system in about 650 Neighborhood Market stores that gives hourly workers more certainty about their schedules. Wal-Mart says lifting wages, which has turned into a contentious issue for a number of major U.S. restaurant chains and retailers, will lead to a more solid workforce that can better serve their customers. _____ Elements of this story were generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on WMT at http://www.zacks.com/ap/WMT _____ Keywords: Wal-Mart Stores, Earnings Report, Priority Earnings ____ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio on Twitter at http://www.Twitter.com/adinnocenzio       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *       FILE - In this Friday, June 5, 2015, file photo, Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon speaks at the company's shareholder meeting in Fayetteville, Ark. Wal-Mart reports financial results Thursday, Aug. 18, 2016. (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File)       E-mail this Gallery Print this Gallery Share this Gallery         Photo Galleries »   Leonard Cohen Photos: Leonard Cohen honoured... Leonard Cohen is honoured at the Glenn Gould Prize... more »   Gallery: Italian cruise ship disaster... Passengers leapt into the sea and fought over lifejackets... more »   Photos: Deadly winds hit U.K. One man dies as winds of over 160kph hit Britain and... more » Video: Winds batter Britain Toronto issues 'extreme' cold alert as mercury to drop to -16C   Gallery: Republican candidates... Republican presidential candidates race across Iowa... more »     More Photo Galleries »     Related Topics   business Amazon.com Inc. Wal-Mart Stores Inc.         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   PetSmart® Launches Holiday Philanthropic Collection That Gives Back to Pets and Children in Need Through December 25, and Even More on #GivingTuesday TRUSTECH 2016, The Most Innovative Companies of the Trust-Based Technology Industry Meet in Cannes Fort McMurray Nonprofits Accelerate Wildfire Recovery Efforts with Creative Help from Guelph Academic and Business Community           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts My Account Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.
Talk Business & Politics you're viewing Statewide change region Central Arkansas Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith area Save Statewide Name Menu Microsites Finance Energy Startup Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Close Business Politics Video / Podcasts Advertise Contact Us Community Member stories Create an account Submit a blog post Close Income up 8.6% for Wal-Mart, company raises full-year guidance on the ‘positive momentum’ by Talk Business & Politics staff. Published Aug 18th, 2016 5:59 am staff2@talkbusiness.net / @tbarkansas Fiscal second quarter net income for Wal-Mart Stores rose more than 8%, with adjusted per share earnings of $1.07 topping the consensus estimate of $1.02. Quarterly revenue of $120.854 billion also beat expectations. Walmart U.S. same-store sales rose 1.6%, marking the eighth consecutive quarter of positive comps with the closely watched financial metric. Net income in the quarter was $3.773 billion, up 8.6% compared to the $3.475 billion in the same quarter of 2015. Total revenue of $120.854 billion was up 0.5% compared to the same quarter in 2015 and was better than the consensus estimate of $120.16 billion. Earnings per share was $1.21, but 14 cents was from the sale of Yihoadian, a gain of $568 million on a constant currency basis. Wal-Mart President and CEO Doug McMillon said the company remains focused on being a “seamless shopping experience” for consumers. “We’re pleased with the positive momentum in our business,” McMillon said in the earnings statement posted early Thursday (Aug. 18). “Our strategy in the U.S. is working as we delivered an eighth consecutive quarter of positive comps, and international also performed well. We remain focused on building e-commerce capabilities globally and executing our omni-channel plan, as evidenced by our recent alliance with JD.com in China and agreement to acquire Jet.com in the U.S. Walmart is uniquely positioned to provide customers with a seamless shopping experience where we save them time and money.” For the first six months of the company’s fiscal year (ended July 31), the company posted net income of $6.852 billion, up 0.5% compared to the same period in 2015. Total revenue in the six months was $236.758 billion, up 0.7% compared to the same period in 2015. EARNINGS GUIDANCE BOOST Based on the momentum McMillon mentioned, the company also raised earnings per share guidance for fiscal 2017. The new range is $4.15-$4.35 per share, up from previous guidance of $4-$4.30. “This guidance also includes an estimated dilutive impact to EPS of approximately $0.05, primarily in the fourth quarter, as a result of expected operating losses and one-time transaction expenses related to the planned acquisition of Jet.com, assuming the transaction is closed near the beginning of the fourth quarter of FY17,” the company noted in the earnings report. The announced $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com will likely be a big part of the company’s earnings call – held later today – with analysts. Talk Business & Politics will update this report or post a new report following the call. DIVISION PERFORMANCE Total sales at Walmart U.S. during the second quarter was $76.421 billion, up 3.1% compared to the same quarter in 2015. Traffic in stores was up 1.2%, just below the 1.3% gain in the second quarter of 2015. The average ticket was up 0.4%, better than the 0.2% gain in the second quarter of 2015. Operating income at Walmart U.S. was $4.519 billion, down 6.2% compared to the 2015 quarter. Net sales at Walmart International was $28.621 billion, down 6.6% compared to the same quarter in 2015. However, in constant currency – accounting for the impact of exchange rates courtesy of the strong U.S. dollar – the net sales were $31.309 billion, up 2.2% compared to the 2015 quarter. Operating income – on a constant currency basis – for the division was $1.884 billion, up 47.5%. However, much of the gain is attributable to the sale of Yihoadian. Sam’s Club continues to lag the other divisions. Net sales totaled $14.543 billion in the quarter, down 1.3%. Comp-store sales were up 0.6%, a decline from the 1.3% gain in the same quarter of 2015. Traffic was down 0.4% compared to a 0.5% gain in the 2015 quarter. On the positive side, the average ticket was up 1%, and operating income in the division was $472 million, up 10.3% compared to the same quarter in 2015. Operating income for the three divisions totaled $6.165 billion, up 1.6% compared to the same quarter of 2015. However, adjusting for the Yihoadian sale, a one-time boost, the consolidated operating income picture wasn’t as rosy. “Consolidated operating income increased 1.6%, including a gain of $535 million from the sale of Yihaodian. Excluding this gain, consolidated operating income declined 7.2%. As expected, investments in people and technology, as well as currency exchange rate fluctuations negatively impacted results,” the company noted in the statement. Wal-Mart shares (NYSE: WMT) closed Wednesday (Aug. 17) at $72.93, up 4 cents. During the past 52 weeks the share price has ranged from a $74.80 high to a $56.30 low. In pre-market trading, the share price was rising above the 52-week high. Author Bio: See latest posts Comments 35shares Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Opinion Ken Smith What will a Trump presidency mean for Arkansas’ advanced energy economy? Ruth Whitney Believe it: the Presidential polls were accurate Michael Tilley Riff Raff: The lucky ones Ruth Whitney Volunteering should be part of the business plan Michael Tilley Riff Raff: A Veterans Day remembrance Special Sections Home Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Magazine Opinion © 2015 Talk Business & Politics. All Rights Reserved
null
null
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search the BBC Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business selected Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Business selected Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Business Business Asda has worst quarterly sales drop blaming food deflation 18 August 2016 From the section Business Share Share this with Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp Linkedin Share this with Linkedin Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-37119002 Read more about sharing. Close share panel Image copyright Reuters Asda has reported a drop in sales of 7.5% in the past three months, its worst quarterly performance on record. Walmart chief executive Doug McMillon blamed the dip on food deflation and "the competitive environment". Discount food stores such as Aldi and Lidl have been undercutting Asda and its rivals, including Tesco, Morrison and Sainsbury's. The supermarket chain is relying on £1.5bn of price reductions over five years to win customers back. "Our strategy to turn things around is focused on improving the retail basics," Mr McMillon said. "While our turnaround will take time, I'm confident in the new leadership team there and want to assure you we're addressing this with urgency." In June, Walmart said the UK supermarket's chief executive, Andy Clarke, would be stepping down to be replaced by the head of Walmart's Chinese business, Sean Clarke. Walmart said Sean Clarke's experience would allow him to "reposition the business" in a competitive market. 'New nadir' Asda began a price-cutting campaign in 2013, cutting £1bn in prices. In January, outgoing boss Andy Clarke extended the cuts to £1.5bn by 2018. In the same month, the company said it was shedding hundreds of jobs at its Leeds headquarters. Analysts said "a monumental challenge" lay ahead for the new chief executive. "This time last year, ex-chief executive Andy Clarke talked about Asda's sales decline hitting a nadir - unfortunately today's results represent a new nadir, with the scale of the problems facing the grocer becoming ever more severe," said Greg Bromley from Verdict Retail. He said that Asda seemed to have been hit harder by the arrival of discounters such as Aldi and Lidl, since low prices had always been its main selling point. "If Asda has been waiting to push the button on its latest wave of price cuts, the time must be now, especially as a more uncertain post-Brexit consumer becomes ever more price sensitive," he added. US sales Walmart, the US-based owner of Asda supermarkets, said its own net profit for the three months to the end of July rose 8.6% to $3.77bn (£2.87bn). A rise in online sales helped revenue, excluding currency movements, to rise 2.8% to $123.6bn in the quarter. While Asda struggles with customer traffic and declining revenues, Walmart's US stores saw their eighth consecutive quarterly gain in sales and store visits grew 1.2%. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart said it would, over the next two years, spend $2.7bn to raise minimum wages to $10 an hour. The move has meant faster checkouts and cleaner stores, it says. Related Topics Retailing Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp Linkedin More on this story Business Live: Oil surges above $50 a barrel 18 August 2016 Asda chief Andy Clarke to be replaced by Sean Clarke 13 June 2016 Top Stories UK economy 'resilient' despite £122bn hit Lower growth and higher debt are forecast but the chancellor says the UK economy is fit for Brexit. 23 November 2016 Man jailed for 'terrorist' murder of Jo Cox 23 November 2016 Killer guilty of murdering four men 23 November 2016 Features Dark world Why couldn't police stop Stephen Port? The man who killed Jo Cox Extremist loner who read up on murder and targeted MP Seeing the light Cancer stopped me worrying about being a perfect mum Tucking in at theatre? Should there be a ban on eating while watching stage shows? Let her go? Trump's supporters fume over Hillary U-turn Baked beans ban Which other commercials have been pulled? Orphan rescue One woman's mission to save baby elephants Video Spoils of war What do Trump voters want to happen now? Video Open wide! The town where people can't find a dentist News navigation Business Sections Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business selected Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit US Election 2016 Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2016 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Retirement Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Wal-Mart's 2Q Earnings Beat, Outlook Raised, Shares Jump ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More (The Associated Press) Wal-Mart's 2Q Earnings Beat, Outlook Raised, Shares Jump Published August 18, 2016 Industries Dow Jones Newswires Facebook Twitter Print Wal-Mart reported stronger-than-expected same-store sales growth in the latest period, with slightly more shoppers heading to its stores at a time when many retailers are struggling to attract foot traffic.  Continue Reading Below The retailer also lifted its profit outlook for the year. Shares rose 3.1% to $75.18 in premarket trading, which would be the highest level in a year for the stock.  Same-store sales at Wal-Mart's U.S. stores rose 1.6%, above its guidance for a 1% increase. Meanwhile, traffic rose 1.2%.  Many traditional retailers have struggled recently to grow sales and adjust to customer's changing online shopping habits. Target Corp. said Wednesday that same-store sales fell for the first time in more than two years as fewer shoppers visited its locations, while Macy's Inc. last week said it would shut 100 more stores, or 14% of its physical base, as shoppers increasingly opt to make purchases online and spend more on services than on goods. Demand for clothing and household items in recent years has been markedly softer than during past economic recoveries. What demand there is has been shifting online away from traditional retailers such as Macy's, Kohl's Corp. and Nordstrom Inc., which all reported lower quarterly sales this week.  Bentonville, Ark.-based Wal-Mart has been spending heavily to get customers back into its stores. It has worked to better stock its stores, improve efficiency and boost the pay for its employees. "Comp store inventory was down 6.5% and in-stock levels are up," said Wal-Mart chief executive Doug McMillon on a conference call. Operating, selling, general and administrative expenses climbed 4.6% in the latest period.  Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT The company has also invested in its lackluster online operations as Amazon.com Inc. continues to grow sales quickly. Earlier this month, the company announced plans to purchase discount e-commerce retailer Jet.com Inc. for $3.3 billion, the largest purchase to date of an e-commerce startup. Wal-Mart also tapped Jet's founder Marc Lore to lead its e-commerce efforts once the deal is complete.  In the second quarter, Wal-Mart reported global e-commerce sale rose 11.8%, the first time in nine quarters the retailer's online sales growth has increased quarter-over-quarter.  During the quarter Wal-Mart offered a free monthlong trial of a $49 two-day shipping membership similar to Amazon's popular Prime program and rapidly ramped up the number of items available on Walmart.com. Until May, the technology behind Wal-Mart's website capped the number of products it could display to shoppers at around 8 million. "We made advancements in the U.S. on our key priorities to build digital relationships with customers, scale the assortment and expand online grocery," said Mr. McMillon. Walmart.com now sells 15 million items, he said.  Wal-Mart is also trying to make its produce, meat and grocery business more prominent for shoppers, an effort at the heart of its plan to fend off Amazon as consumers still tend to shop offline for fresh food. During the quarter, the company reported strong traffic in food and consumables, such as beauty and cosmetics, in its grocery segment. The company also reported stronger pharmacy sales, helped by drug price inflation and more prescriptions filled.  Meanwhile, apparel sales were helped by a focus on basics, though entertainment sales were soft. Target also reported weakness in electronics sales.  Over all, Wal-Mart reported earnings of $3.77 billion, or $1.21 a share, compared with a year-earlier profit of $3.48 billion, or $1.08 a share. Excluding the gain from the sale of its Yihaodian website in China, the company earned $1.07 a share. The company had said earnings would land between 95 cents and $1.08 a share.  Revenue edged up 0.5% to $120.85 billion. In constant currency, revenue rose 2.8%. Analysts estimated $120.16 billion in revenue.  The company now sees full-year earnings in a range of $4.15 to $4.35 a share. Analysts were expecting $4.27. The company previously guided for earnings between $4.00 and $4.30. For the current quarter, the company is projecting 90 cents to $1 in per-share earnings, in line with the consensus estimate for 94 cents a share.  Write to Joshua Jamerson at joshua.jamerson@wsj.com and Sarah Nassauer at sarah.nassauer@wsj.com Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. © 2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Food for London Business Comment Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury Christmas appeal Sign in Register Benefits User policies News Christmas appeal London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out Theatre Awards Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Business Asda sales hit new low as competition and falling prices take toll Clare Hutchison Thursday 18 August 2016 11:23 BST Struggling: Asda has lost out to discounters Aldi and Lidl Chris Radburn/PA Asda owner Walmart today laid bare the scale of the challenge facing the supermarket's new boss Sean Clarke, revealing an eighth straight quarter of falling sales at the grocer. Walmart boss Doug McMillon once again blamed fierce competition for the 7.5% sales decline in the three months to June 30. That compared to a 5.7% slump in the first quarter, then its largest ever recorded, and the 4.7% drop former boss Andy Clarke described as a "nadir" a year ago.   "In the UK, the competitive environment and food deflation continued to challenge the market, significantly impacting traffic and comp sales," McMillon said. Asda's position as Britain's cheapest supermarket has been eroded by discounters Aldi and Lidl, which now have a combined 10% market share. The Leeds-based retailer has attempted to fight back, investing £1.5 billion in lowering prices, but the efforts are yet to bear fruit. Read more Jim Armitage: Walmart’s man for Asda's revival is snub to Andy Clarke McMillon said the revivial still has a way to go but management were moving quickly to spur it on. "While our turn-around will take time, I’m confident in the new leadership team there and want to assure you we’re addressing this with urgency." Walmart replaced Andy Clarke with Sean Clarke in June. Sean Clarke first joined Asda in 1996 before abroad to work for the parent company. Most recently he ran Walmart China. More about: Business Asda Retail Supermarkets Andy Clarke Sean Clark Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Business Connections Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Skiers Hit The Slopes on Copper Mountain, Colo. ‘View Into the Blue' Underwater View From Cooper Island, British Virgin Islands Dow Jones Industrial Average RADAR: Midwest Winter Storm Live Look at the Beach Surf in Belmar, NJ Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video #DonaldTrump Zach Gibson/Getty Images Trump Walks Fine Ethical Line to White House, Experts Say 2h ago Sessions Urged Caution Over Federal Lawsuits Alleging Discrimination Trump's 100-Day Agenda: Experts Examine if It Can Be Done Top Stories My Stories Wayne State Police Officer Shot and Critically Injured Facebook Built China 'Censorship Tool': Report Thanksgiving Travel Rush: What to Expect Waterslide to Be Demolished After Boy Died Trump Disavows Alt-Right Group: 'I Condemn Them' Man Injured in Philly Blast Thought Package Was Meds Turkey's President Slams Those Who Call Trump 'Dictator' Airstrike in Mosul Disrupts ISIS Supply Lines South Korean Leader Defends Purchase of Viagra Pills Original Gerber Baby, Ann Taylor Cook, Turns 90 #DonaldTrump Mandel Ngan/AFP/Getty Images Trump Offers UN Ambassadorship to SC Gov. Nikki Haley 3h ago Nikki Haley: Everything You Need to Know About Trump's Pick for UN Ambassador A Look at the Last 4 US Ambassadors to the United Nations #DonaldTrump Efrem Lukatsky/AP Trump Foundation Took Donations From Controversial Ukrainian Clinton Donor Nov 23 Trump Foundation Admits It Gave Money to 'Disqualified Person' Calls for Deutsche Bank, a Big Trump Lender, to Face Independent Prosecutor #Thanksgiving Evan Vucci/AP Photo Everything You Need to Know About the Presidential Turkey Pardon Nov 23 President Obama's Thanksgiving Turkey Pardons Through the Years What's Up With Those White House Turkey Pardons? #MelaniaTrump Play ABCNews.com Election 2016: Who Is Melania Trump? Nov 9 Donald Trump Jr.: The Basics Ivanka Trump: The Basics Politics #DonaldTrump What Trump Said During Wide-Ranging Interview #DonaldTrump Trump 'Seriously Considering' Ben Carson for HUD #DonaldTrump Trump 'Leaning' Against Renewed Probe of Clinton, Sources Say #GOP House Republican Criticizes Trump Over Business Conflicts of Interest #DonaldTrump Jared Kushner Defends Steve Bannon in Interview, Calls Him an 'Incredible Zionist' A Look at Gen. James Mattis From a Close Friend #DonaldTrump What Donald Trump's 100-Day Plan Leaves Out #DonaldTrump Sanders Supporter Rep. Tulsi Gabbard Being Considered for Trump Cabinet #GOP Everything You Need to Know About Gen. James Mattis #MikePence Pence, Who Touts Openness, Tries to Stop Document Release #DonaldTrump Inside Donald Trump's Relationship With Agent Ari Emanuel #DonaldTrump Trump Met With Indian Business Partners, Reviving Questions on How He Will Avoid Conflicts of Interest #DonaldTrump Donald Trump's Cabinet Begins to Take Shape #DonaldTrump Jennifer Jacobs Says Steve Bannon Is 'Donald Trump's Chief Idea Guy' #Politics Clinton Popular Vote Lead Over Trump Now Exceeds 1.5 Million #MittRomney Trump Says Meeting With Romney 'Went Great' More News Texas Appeals Court Rules 'San Antonio 4' Are Innocent US Applications for Unemployment Aid Rose Last Week Twitter Accidentally Suspends Its CEO's Account Tenn. Crash Revives Debate Over School Bus Seat Belts States Struggle With High Number of Foster Children NHL Newest Team Gets a Name: Vegas Golden Knights Poem Signed by Anne Frank Sells for Nearly $150,000 NH Man Electrocuted While Hanging Holiday Lights Trump Stance on Immigration May Aid Private Prisons Wildfires Continue Spread as Arson Probes Opened #BlackFriday Henry Romero/Reuters Thanksgiving and Black Friday Doorbuster Deals Nov 23 8 Black Friday Shopping Strategies On Eve of Holiday Shopping, Consumer Advocates Say Vigilance Needed in Children’s Product Safety Play ABCNews.com Chattanooga Bus Crash Survivors Speak Out Nov 23 School Bus Driver in Fatal Crash Involved in Prior Collision Happy Thanksgiving #Thanksgiving San Francisco Cyclists Complete 50-Mile Turkey-Shaped Bike Ride #Thanksgiving Here's to Thanksgiving Dinner With My Ex-Wife #Thanksgiving Thanksgiving by the Numbers: Fast Facts About Turkey Day #Thanksgiving How to Carve a Turkey for Thanksgiving #Thanksgiving 3 Thanksgiving Travel Tips to Save Turkey Day #Thanksgiving Add Sweet Potato Pie to Your Holiday Feast #Thanksgiving How Many Calories Americans Will Eat on Thanksgiving #Thanksgiving Must-Try Recipes for Most-Searched Thanksgiving Foods #Thanksgiving Thanksgiving Dinner Etiquette Post-Election #Thanksgiving 'GMA' Ultimate Cranberry Challenge #Thanksgiving Jon Voight Buys Thanksgiving Turkeys for Stranger in Line at Grocery Store #Thanksgiving How Astronauts Celebrate Thanksgiving in Space Michael Rozman/Warner Bros. Mariah Carey Breaks Silence on Reported Split With James Packer 1h ago Play ABCNews.com High School Football Team Asks Court to Overturn Loss Nov 23 More News FIFA Leaning Toward a 48-Team World Cup Dalai Lama: 'I Have No Worries' About Trump's Election Lufthansa Pilot Strike Forces 1,800 Flight Cancelations Rare Thunderstorm Asthma Kills 4 in Australian Israel Orders Probe of German Submarine Purchase Drug Dealer Says He Gave Money to Philippine Senator Germany Asks Sweden to Extradite 'Laserman' Killer Suspect in Cop's Death Got Married After Shooting Russia Rejects Criticism of Baltic Missile Buildup FBI Raids Financially Troubled Town in Puerto Rico Sergey Ponomarev/AP Photo How Poland Is Recovering From a Real-Life 'Designated Survivor' Situation Nov 23 Inside the Top Secret Greenbrier Bunker #Thanksgiving Tetra images RF/Getty Images How Many Calories Americans Will Eat on Thanksgiving Nov 23 Thanksgiving Traditions at the White House Thanksgiving Dinner Etiquette Post-Election Facebook/Venice, Florida Municipal Government Fireball Spotted in Night Sky Over Florida 2h ago Getty Images I Got Remarried and Didn't Tell My Kids 3h ago #JustinBieber Giorgio Benvenuti/ANSA via AP Photo Video Shows Justin Bieber Allegedly Punching Fan in the Face 46m ago Tommy Hilfiger: 'Any Designer Should Be Proud' to Dress Melania Trump Erykah Badu on Music, Family and the Soul Train Music Awards #Thanksgiving Courtesy Melissa Birchmore Foster Mom Gets Thanksgiving Wish to Adopt for the First Time 1h ago Spend Thanksgiving Night with OneRepublic, Kelly Clarkson and More Miranda Lambert's New Album Is a Soaring 'Double Dose of Heartbreak' Warner Bros. Pictures 'Fantastic Beasts' Makes $75M in Opening Weekend Nov 21 Play ABCNews.com How to Carve a Turkey for Thanksgiving Learn how to carve a turkey for Thanksgiving dinner step by step. Up Next: Play Thanksgiving by the Numbers: Fast Facts About Turkey Day #DWTS ABCNews.com Laurie Hernandez Had 'Same Joy' Winning Mirror Ball as She Did Olympic Medals 3h ago 'DWTS': Hernandez and Chmerkovskiy Win the Mirror Ball Trophy 'DWTS' Finalists Label One Another With Funny Yearbook Superlatives #NFL ABCNews.com JJ Watt Opens Up About Threatening Staph Infection Nov 23 Shannen Doherty Teases Photo From 'Heathers' Reboot Corey Feldman Marries Girlfriend Courtney Anne Courtesy Taryn Keith Diner Surprises Waiter With $750 Tip Nov 22 In Case You Missed It Woman Wins Nearly $1M on 'Wheel of Fortune' Slot Machine Lovebirds Married 73 Years Recreate Their First Date at a Seattle Hotel How the World Came Together to Find a #CupForBen Prince Harry Tours Barbuda Woman Designs Her Own Woodland Fairy Tale Wedding Dress Over 6 Months #Thanksgiving Shelter Sends Animals Home for Thanksgiving With Option to Adopt Singing Cashier Takes the Stage With R&B Singer Maxwell Meet the Toddler Who Looked Like Danny DeVito The Sound of 'Success': Young Patients Ring Bell to Mark End of Cancer Treatment School Community Helps Beloved Crossing Guard Afford Prosthetic Leg Repair 86-Year-Old Man Learns to Knit to Make Hats for Preemies #BeInspired 80-Year-Old Bride Weds for The First Time Melvin Nicholson/REX/Shutterstock Rare White 'Rainbow' Spotted in Scotland 2h ago Behind the Scenes at Amtrak: How the Rail Giant Turns Trains Around Underwood Archives/Getty Images Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade Through the Years Nov 23 Babies Dressed as Turkeys Win This Thanksgiving 'Tis the Season for Awkward Family Thanksgiving Photos David Johnson/Barcroft Images Holy Cow:This Cow Is Over 6 feet 10m ago Michael Phelps Hits the Red Carpet With His Wife and Son Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian Step Out in New York City Back To Top Sections U.S. World Politics Weird News Investigative Health Entertainment Sports Money Technology Travel Recipes News Topics Live Blog Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight with David Muir Nightline World News Now & America This Morning This Week with George Stephanopoulos 20/20 Primetime What Would You Do? ABC.com Tools iPad App Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube Press Releases RSS Headlines Site Map About Contact Us Feedback Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads ABC News Store Authors List Go.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Feedback External links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites. Copyright © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. Yahoo! - ABC News Network
null
Associated Press BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Wal-Mart tops Street 2Q forecasts Anne D'innocenzio, Associated Press Aug. 18, 2016, 11:03 AM 29 facebook linkedin twitter email print FILE - In this Friday, June 5, 2015, file photo, Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon speaks at the company's shareholder meeting in Fayetteville, Ark. Wal-Mart reports financial results Thursday, Aug. 18, 2016. (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File) syndication.ap.org NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart's vast fleet of stores and its online business are starting to click together. The company raised its earnings outlook for the year on Thursday and delivered strong profit and sales for the second quarter, as moves to improve the store and online experience are winning over customers. Wal-Mart has launched a flurry of changes, from making sure vegetables look good to cleaning up the stores to being sharper on keeping prices low. It's melding online services with the stores — rolling out a mobile payment system to speed checkouts. And it's pressing ahead with online grocery and pick-up services. As a result, the Bentonville, Arkansas-based company reported its eighth consecutive quarterly increase in comparable-store sales, and the seventh straight quarterly gain in customer traffic. "We've got existing customers who are visiting stores more often and putting an extra item in their basket," said Greg Foran, CEO of Wal-Mart's U.S. business, which accounts for 62 percent of total sales. Wal-Mart is also picking up new customers, but that will take some time. Wal-Mart shares rose 1.3 percent to $74.29 in morning trading. Like its direct store rivals, Wal-Mart is reinventing itself to be more nimble as it tries to fight off competition. In particular, it's trying to compete with online leader Amazon.com, whose Prime shipping program is swiftly converting members into loyal shoppers. And it faces competition from dollar stores and traditional grocers like Kroger, which are ramping up promotions and lowering prices. The report contrasts with results from Target Corp., which cut its profit forecast Wednesday as customer traffic waned. Wal-Mart is vastly expanding the items available on its website, and global online sales rose 11.8 percent in the second quarter. That's up from the 7 percent pace of the first quarter but still far weaker than the 20 percent increases from less than two years ago. It's also spending $3 billion to acquire fast-growing online retailer Jet.com, which it says will help it grab higher-income and younger customers. It will incorporate some of Jet.com's technology that lowers prices in real time. Chief Executive Doug McMillon said in a pre-recorded call that the growth in global e-commerce came from the improvement in the U.S. market, fueled by its rollout of Wal-Mart Pay and the online grocery and pick-up services that it's rolling out. The company added grocery pickup service to 30 more markets in the second quarter, bringing the total to more than 60. The grocery business showed improvement from the first quarter despite inflationary pressure. Both general merchandise and health and wellness items showed solid sales growth. Second-quarter net income jumped nearly 9 percent to $3.77 billion, for $1.21 per share, in the quarter ended July 31. That compares with $3.47 billion, or $1.08 per share in the year-ago quarter. Earnings adjusted for non-recurring gains were $1.07 per share, a nickel better than Wall Street had expected, according to a survey by Zacks Investment Research. Revenue was $120.85 billion, also edging out analyst forecasts. Revenue at U.S. Wal-Mart stores opened at least a year rose 1.6 percent, its best performance since 2012. Customer traffic rose 1.2 percent, marking the seventh straight quarter of gains. The U.S. Wal-Mart division accounts for 62 percent of total sales. The company now estimates that for the current fiscal year, adjusted per-share earnings will be $4.15 to $4.35. Analysts had expected $4.27. Wal-Mart is also spending $2.7 billion on higher wages and other investments for its hourly workers over a two-year period. The company also just rolled out a new system in about 650 Neighborhood Market stores that gives hourly workers more certainty about their schedules. Wal-Mart says lifting wages, which has turned into a contentious issue for a number of major U.S. restaurant chains and retailers, will lead to a more solid workforce that can better serve their customers. _____ Elements of this story were generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on WMT at http://www.zacks.com/ap/WMT _____ Keywords: Wal-Mart Stores, Earnings Report, Priority Earnings __________________ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio on Twitter at http://www.Twitter.com/adinnocenzio More from Associated Press: Rescuers search collapsed buildings in Italy after another powerful earthquake hits region near Perugia Texas Longhorns jump all the way up to No. 11 in latest AP poll after beating Notre Dame A college professor has promised to consume only water and sports drinks after the university's president overrode a nearly unanimous decision to grant him tenure Craig Sager is hoping to return to NBA sidelines by November after receiving a rare third bone-marrow transplant David Ortiz honored with a corn maze cut in his likeness More: Associated Press facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Wal-Mart tops Street 2Q forecasts Wal-Mart tops Street 2Q forecasts NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart's vast fleet of stores and its online business are starting to click together. Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Associated Press Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR


Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Walmart beats on earnings, raises guidance Akin Oyedele Aug. 18, 2016, 7:02 AM 1,618 facebook linkedin twitter email print Joe Raedle/Getty Images Walmart on Thursday reported second-quarter results that topped expectations, and the company raised its full-year earnings outlook. The world's largest retailer earned $1.07 in adjusted earnings per share on revenue of $120.9 billion, up 3.1%. Analysts had estimated that Walmart earned $1.02 in adjusted EPS and revenue of $120.3 billion. Traffic to Walmart stores dipped a bit but remained positive, giving US locations open for at least a year an eighth quarter of positive sales, at 1.6%. The company now projects adjusted EPS for 2017 in a range of $4.15 to $4.35, up from $4 to $4.30 previously. This guidance includes a dilutive impact of about $0.05 in the fourth quarter because of losses related to the acquisition of Jet.com. Walmart recently announced it was buying Jet.com for $3 billion, a deal designed to boost its e-commerce business to take on Amazon. At the time of the announcement, Walmart generated about $14 billion in annual e-commerce sales, versus Amazon's $99 billion in annual revenue. "The distinctions that we talk about today between stores, apps, pick-up, delivery, and sites are continuing to blur into the background for customers," Walmart CEO Doug McMillon said in a statement. "For them, it's just Walmart." Walmart's online sales rose 12% from the first quarter. Walmart shares gained as much as 3.9% premarket after the results crossed. They rallied 19% this year through Wednesday's market close. SEE ALSO: Walmart is coming for Amazon NOW WATCH: A peek inside the transparent culture of the company Walmart is buying for $3 billion Loading video... More: Walmart Earnings facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Walmart beats on earnings, raises guidance Walmart beats on earnings, raises guidance Walmart on Thursday reported second-quarter... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Markets Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Markets Select 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select Monday Scouting Report More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Black Friday Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Holiday Gifts Cyber Monday     Walmart Labor Day 2016 Sale Kicks Off Early Posted: Aug 18 2016, 3:47am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Aug 21 2016, 7:20am CDT, in News | Shopping Tips   This story may contain affiliate links.   The Walmart Labor Day 2016 sale begins already August 20. Labor Day 2016 is on Monday September 5. The Walmart Labor Day 2016 sale begins two weeks before the actual Labor Day 2016 on Monday, September 5. The idea behind the early begin of the Labor Day sale is to have everything you need in time to enjoy Labor Day. That idea has not sank in yet with Thanksgiving Day. Wouldn't it be nice to enjoy Thanksgiving Day dinner without having to think about Black Friday deals? Don't Miss: The Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad For that to change the whole tradition of Black Friday would need to be changed and all sales events moved ahead by a week. Black Friday sales do start earlier, but the best deals are only available from Thanksgiving Day to Cyber Monday. The Walmart Labor Day 2016 sale kicks of August 20th and will last until Labor Day. Walmart is spoiling with the early launch of its Labor Day 2016 sale the 50th anniversary sale of Best Buy that kicks off tonight at 11pm ET. Walmart has not yet announced any specific Labor Day 2016 deals. Deal hunters will have to wait until Saturday to see the first wave of deals on walmart.com. Walmart is currently offering back to school deals including special offers on the Sony PS4 and the Xbox One. Update: The Walmart Labor Day 2016 sale is live now on this page on walmart.com. The best-selling Labor Day 2016 deals offered Walmart include underwear, pants, Polo shirts, T-shirts and leggings. The Walmart Labor Day sale is not including any deals on electronics and video games yet. Featured categories include apparel, shoes and accessories for the whole family. Buy Now on Amazon You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News The Luxe List: Holiday Gift Picks 2016 4 days ago, 7:46pm CST 4 SoCal Locales Where Holiday Spirit Runs High 4 days ago, 6:25pm CST 5 Wine & Spirits Gifts Suited for Any Season 4 days ago, 6:14pm CST Sony PlaysStation VR PSVR Offers Online and in Stores Oct 14 2016, 12:23am CDT Pokemon Sun and Pokemon Moon: Pre-order, Offers, Accessories Oct 11 2016, 9:55am CDT Black Friday and Thanksgiving Store Hours for All Stores 11 minutes ago Gravity Sensors can Predict Earthquakes Faster than Current Methods: Study 23 minutes ago Amazon Black Friday TV Deals 2016: Best 4K, Smart, OLED and Bargain TVs 29 minutes ago MIT’s New Nylon Muscle Fibers Could Lead to Real-Life Westworld 39 minutes ago Kia Recalls 71704 Sportage Crossovers in the U.S. 58 minutes ago Toyota Recalls 744000 Sienna Vehicles in US 1 hour ago Black Friday Marijuana Deals for Inaugural Green Friday Promotion 1 hour ago Your Best Bet for Hatchimals on Black Friday? It Might Be Sears. 1 hour ago The Future Nokia Flagship Is Rumored To Feature 5.2’’ or 5.5’’ inch Display 1 hour ago ToysRUs Cyber Monday 2016 Deal is 15% Off Sitewide 1 hour ago Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 Ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Ad Sam's Club Black Friday 2016 Ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Your Deals on Amazon Featured News This is How Black Friday Works at Walmart, Best Buy, Target, Sam's Club and Amazon Sam's Club Black Friday Sale: Best Deals, Store Hours and Everything You Need To Know   Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals That Win Black Friday Black Friday Deals on LG's UH7700 HDR Dolby Vision 4K TVs Beat Deals on Samsung KS8000 Shopping Tips The Luxe List: Holiday Gift Picks 2016 4 days ago, 7:46pm CST 4 SoCal Locales Where Holiday Spirit Runs High 4 days ago, 6:25pm CST 5 Wine & Spirits Gifts Suited for Any Season 4 days ago, 6:14pm CST Sony PlaysStation VR PSVR Offers Online and in Stores Oct 14 2016, 12:23am CDT More Shopping Tips Stories Latest News Black Friday and Thanksgiving Store Hours for All Stores 11 minutes ago Gravity Sensors can Predict Earthquakes Faster than Current Methods: Study 23 minutes ago Amazon Black Friday TV Deals 2016: Best 4K, Smart, OLED and Bargain TVs 29 minutes ago Nintendo Cyber Deals Announced 34 minutes ago More Latest News Amazon Black Friday 2016 Walmart Black Friday 2016 Target Black Friday 2016 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Sam's Club Black Friday 2016 The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the Black Friday deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker allows shoppers to quickly find out which Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016

null
LOCAL STORIES | GREEN | HEALTH | OPINIONS      CALENDAR | ARTS&CULTURE | MUSIC | DINING | FILM | GUIDES | N&R EVENTS      CLASSIFIEDS Tweet Letters for August 18, 2016 This article was published on 08.18.16. Advertisement About the revolt Re “‘We are robbers, or we must be conquerors’” (Cover story, by Ken Smith, Aug. 11): The Bear Flag Revolt is a small footnote among the struggles that ultimately led to establishment of California as a U.S. territory. The Bear Flaggers were a small bunch of drunken thugs that kidnapped a general without an army for three weeks. The influence of these men on the general’s wine cellar was greater than their influence on the establishment of California. Please remember that the Mexican government at that time was much the same as it is now—that being incompetent and corrupt in its dealings with the California citizens of the time (Californios). California militias had already routed Gov. Micheltorena in 1847, making absent any significant Mexican military presence above San Francisco. Capt. Silva surrendered Monterey without a shot fired. The Battle of San Pasqual near Los Angeles was fought to a draw in 1846. Hostilities ended with the Treaty of Caheunga in 1847 between the Californios (not Mexico) and the U.S. (one year before the Treaty of Guadeloupe Hidalgo). This treaty kept intact Californio property rights and was incorporated into later treaties. These treaties were honored by the U.S government. The important point is that the California citizens of 1847 gave to us a beautiful state in return for their continued property rights and a more secure government. Oscar Hooton Red Bluff Cabby speaks out Re “Fare share” (Newsline, by Howard Hardee, Aug. 4): I appreciate your article drawing attention to the local taxi-cab industry and reactions to transportation network companies (TNCs) entering the market. I’d like to offer just a few corrections. First, drug testing is actually mandated by California Government Code. Also, our background checks are conducted by the Chico Police Department, not the FBI. I think that this is an important distinction, as our checks are performed by officers who live, work and have families in the city of Chico and have a genuine interest in the safety of our community. These two checks are also just the bare minimum of our screening process. Drivers who wish to be licensed to service Sacramento Airport have similar screenings performed by the Sacramento County Sheriff’s Department, and drivers that deliver courier packages also receive a security threat assessment administered by the TSA. I also don’t want to give the impression that my company isn’t interested in establishing a level playing field between taxi-cab companies and TNCs. We just feel that the city level is not the appropriate place for this argument. We’re members of both the Taxicab Paratransit Association of California and the Taxicab, Limousine and Paratransit Association, both of which are working toward leveling the playing field in the for-hire transportation industry at both the state and national levels. Gianni Caponera Chico Editor’s note: The author is a general partner at Liberty Cab. The factual errors he identified are further noted below. Walmart, the job-killer Re “What about Costco” (Letters, by Vic Makau, Aug. 4): While business expansion appears to be a positive thing, that is not true if it negatively impacts other businesses and employment. That is a very compelling reason why so many people are opposed to the planned Walmart expansion here in Chico. Some people have mentioned that there was no opposition to Costco expanding, so why single out Walmart? It should be noted that Costco consistently pays better salaries and offers better benefits to its employees. And it should be noted that right across the street FoodMaxx is still open, employing 85 people with good wages and benefits. As stated in the draft EIR, an expanded Walmart will more than likely cause the closure of FoodMaxx, as well as other existing businesses in the area. A study by UC Irvine showed that a Walmart opening/expansion causes the loss of approximately 150 jobs. Put another way, for every job Walmart creates, 1.4 jobs are lost. It also reduces a county’s payroll by $1.2 million. As for comments about additional out-of-town shoppers and additional tax revenues: Red Bluff and Willows have supercenters, and plans are underway for supercenters in Oroville and Paradise; the primary expansion plan is for groceries, which aren’t taxed, while discounted taxable items will reduce overall city tax revenue. So, all things considered, expanding Walmart will result in local businesses closing, creating overall job losses and reducing disposable incomes that actually benefit local businesses and city tax revenue. So to the City Council I ask, which side are you on? Roger S. Beadle Chico Three on The Donald Despite Donald Trump’s constant attacks on women, minorities, the media, Gold Star parents, Muslims and many others, and despite the latest news that Trump’s campaign manager, Paul Manafort, has allegedly taken $12 million from a Putin ally in Ukraine, local Republicans are going forward with and for Trump. On Saturday (Aug. 20), local Republicans will open up the Chico headquarters for Trump. Republicans will do the ribbon-cutting at 11 a.m. at 1058 Mangrove Ave., the southeast corner of East First and Mangrove avenues. Everyone is invited to hold signs for your favorite candidates, whether Hillary Clinton for President, Kamala Harris for U.S. Senate, or Congressional or City Council candidates. If you want information on how to get involved to defeat Trump, email democrats@chicodemocrats.com. We will soon announce the opening of the Democratic Party headquarters. Bob Mulholland Chico It’s actually been over for a while. Everything else has been a hysterical and sickening sideshow that demonstrates clearly the low depth to which a nation-state can sink by allowing such rat filth to compete for the presidency. The troubled tycoon is unraveling fast and it is a pure pleasure to observe the breakdown. The left wing will fly solo for at least eight more years and continue to fulfill the mission of pulling us out of the gutter we were left in by the Bush administration. The disgrace levied on America by the ridiculous right wing for believing in this idiot may put them on the sidelines for decades to come—and rightfully so. It feels like we were very recently backed into our own end zone and ready to lose it all until President Obama’s tenure. Now we have at least marched back to the 30 yard line and are heading upfield with much better trajectory than in 2008. It is impossible to believe anyone would support such a blatant fool and risk taking us back to the near collapse we so narrowly escaped just eight years ago. Kenneth B. Keith. Los Molinos Pain is a warning system for our bodies to alert us about something harmful. We need to get away from the source of pain or try to alleviate it in some way. Hatred is a warning system for our emotions. It tells us there is a problem we need to solve or avoid. Intense or prolonged pain can cause faulty perception and outright delirium. Prolonged hatred results in much the same. It clouds judgment. It causes anguish. Yet, in our society today, many embrace it. Donald J. Trump is such a person. Trump’s true platform is hatred, and more importantly for him, it is revenge. He says we need to get stronger. What is stronger? Someone steals from me and I retaliate by stealing from them. Problem solved? No, now we’re both thieves. Hate is a natural part of being human. Many of us can say we hate injustice, and rightly so. The problem arises when our hatred of injustice overpowers our love for justice. We all need something to hold on to. I’d rather hold on to something constructive than something destructive. Phil Frankenberg Chico ‘An outdated attempt’ Marco Rubio’s opinion that women with Zika virus should be denied abortions is an outdated attempt to impose sexual sanctions and nothing more. Human life has never been sacred to any religion. Religions have instigated wars, denigrated and enslaved women and encouraged homicide. Read the Old Testament, the Koran, etc. We do not feed the poor; we kill each other in wars; we don’t provide medical care for the poor. Throughout history, women have been denied the choice of giving birth. We have been, and still are, victims of rape, forced marriage and social pressures. The abortion debate is not now and has never been about the sanctity of life. A fetus is a potential life. It’s easier to force a woman to bear a child than it is to comfort the poor, the ill and the indisposed. Lest you think I am a heartless brute, let me add abortions in the second or third trimester make me feel ill. Children are indeed miracles, but all living children should be fed, cared for, comforted. Let’s not waste our sympathy on what could have been but never was. Linda Valine Chico Hemp is beneficial Just as cotton is grown for fabric and twine, so is industrial hemp; just as nut trees yield seeds for food and oils, so does hemp; just as hay is grown for animal feed, so is hemp; just as agricultural products are used for building materials, so is hemp (Oakland Museum of California hemp exhibit). Opposition to industrial hemp stems from the misconception that hemp is psychotropic. It is not. Hemp is a variety of cannabis (sativa) containing less than 1 percent Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), the principal compound effecting euphoria. By contrast, cannabis indica is a disparate variety containing 10 to 19 percent of THC. One is as likely to get as high from smoking hemp as one is of getting inebriated from drinking nonalcoholic beer. Hemp also contains high concentrations of cannabidiol (CBD), a compound counteracting the effects of THC. Because of its lack of psychoactive properties, CBD shows promise for ameliorating epilepsy and multiple sclerosis, but without getting the patient high. Over 20 countries already market medicinal cannabidiol (sativaTm). Given these facts, there is no legitimate reason to deny hemp farmers the rights afforded other farmers. William Todd-Mancillas Chico Correction Howard Hardee’s Aug. Newsline about local cab companies and transportation network companies contained two factual errors. First, it incorrectly stated that local cab drivers are subject to drug tests mandated by the Department of Transportation. In fact, drug tests are mandated by state law. Second, the story misidentified the agency to which cab drivers must submit fingerprints. Fingerprints are conducted at the Chico Police Department. We regret the errors, which have been corrected. --ed. Tweet Contact us about this story RELATED LINKS: See all stories published in Letters See all stories published in Opinions Advertisement Reader Comments No comments yet. Be the first by posting your comment below. Sign in to submit a comment: e-mail: password: Don't have a login yet? Join now!, it's fast and free! Help! I forgot my password Post anonymous comment: If you wish to comment anonymously, provide your valid email address here and you’ll be allowed to do so. e-mail:    You will be sent an email confirmation with a link that you must follow to validate your email address before your comment will appear on the site. Submit Your Comment Comments posted may be subject to moderation. Be nice. Sounds easy enough, right? Feel free to disagree with News & Review, our staff or what the other users have to say—but keep it civil and relevant to the topic. Personal attacks or insults of any kind will be removed. Please see our terms of use for more details. Submit my comment as a letter to the editor. When submitting letters to the editor, we require the following information to be submitted for verification purposes: Full Name: Phone Number: City: logout SEARCH THE SITE TOOLBOX PRINT FRIENDLY   E-MAIL THIS STORY ADJUST FONT SIZE:  SMALLER  LARGER LINK TO THIS STORY ON YOUR SITE RSS FEEDS Chico Classifeds automotive 15,701 buy, sell, trade 127 community 177 jobs 2,236 musician 11 real estate for sale 44 real estate 425 rentals 149 services 2,536 Editorial Junk the portables: School district’s priority should be tearing down the old structures now that it has the money. Editorial Journalism and the Trump years: Reporters must redouble their efforts to seek transparency from the forthcoming administration. Guest Comment Then and now: The imminent despair and hopelessness after JFK’s death and Donald Trump’s election. Letters Letters for November 17, 2016: Second & Flume Righteous indignation: Channeling anger about the election and racism by turning a critical eye to the local daily. The Goods Fresh faces downtown: Rouse & Revolt, Urban Fresh Fuel and Sweet Chico Confections. 15 Minutes The independent touch: Ahmed Mamane opened KindCare Pharmacy and Medical Supply to offer an alternative to the big-box drugstore experience. MORE OPINIONS The namesake Questions surface over Zingg Recital Hall. Farewell to a friend Wes Shockley’s death sends ripples through military, wider community. Walmart wins Big box set to expand with nod from City Council. Kid-tested, kid-approved Chapman community celebrates the opening of new, community-funded playground at Chapman Elementary School. Focus on Poverty An aggregation of stories from CN&R on the subject of poverty in our region. Food Access Coverage of California's low rate of participation in the CalFresh (Food Stamps) program. LOCAL STORIES | OPINIONS | CALENDAR | SUBSCRIBE | ARTS&CULTURE | MUSIC | DINING | FILM | GUIDES | N&R EVENTS | CLASSIFIEDS CHICO N&R | RENO N&R | SAC N&R |  PRIVACY STATEMENT | TERMS OF USE | CONTACT US | ADVERTISER SERVICES & INFO  COPYRIGHT ©2016 CHICO COMMUNITY PUBLISHING, INC.
Sign In Create Account Sign Out My Account Home Products Bakery Beverages Breakfast, Cereals & Bars Dairy Meals & Sides Meat, Poultry & Seafood Sauces & Marinades Snacks & Appetizers Soups Ingredients Phosphates & Acidulants Antioxidants & Nutritionals Batters, Breading & Coatings Cheese, Sauces & Bases Colorings Dietary Fiber Emulsifiers, Fat & Oils Flavors, Seasonings, Spices Flours, Grains, & Pasta Fruits, Vegetables and Nuts Gums & Starches Proteins & Enzymes Sweeteners Formulation Allergens & Intolerance Gluten Free Authentic & Ethnic Calorie Reduction Cost Reduction Fat Reduction Organic & Natural Shelf Stability Sodium Reduction Weight Management Vegetarian R&D Lab Tech / QA-QC / Food Safety NutraSolutions Functional New Products Functional Ingredients Functional Benefits Food Master Videos Interactive Spotlight Videos More eNewsletter Archives Events New Product Conference R&D Applications Seminar Spirit of Innovation Awards Industry Events Webinars Prepared Foods Mobile App Prepared Foods Store Special Reports / White Papers Innovation Sources First Person 19 Product Development Resources Magazine Current Issue Archives Digital Editions Contact Advertise Home » A Look At Wal-Mart's Food Lab Breaking NewsR&D Lab Tech/QA-QC/Food Safety A Look At Wal-Mart's Food Lab New culinary innovation center is aimed at developing new food and beverage products August 18, 2016 KEYWORDS food industry news / food innovations / food product development / walmart Reprints No Comments by Anne D'Innocenzio Associated Press Wal-Mart opened a 12,000-square-foot culinary and innovation center at its headquarters in June as a place where the nation's largest food retailer can work with major suppliers to come up with new food ideas, and develop ideas on its own to bolster its store-brand selection. Here's a peek at the food lab: WHAT IT IS: The center has 10 test kitchens including a studio-style chef's kitchen and replicas of the bakery and deli kitchens found in most of its stores. It has stoves, ovens and microwaves so the staff can cook the same ways customers do at home. There's also a sensory lab where Wal-Mart can collect feedback from customers and employees, who answer questions about the texture, saltiness or sweetness of a food or beverage. The facility follows a similar lab at the company's Sam's Club headquarters, which opened a few years ago. WHY IT MATTERS: Wal-Mart derives 56 percent of its total sales from food and other grocery items. The company also accounts for about 25 percent of the overall U.S. grocery business. Since customers might shop for food several times a week, it's critical to get food items right to build loyalty. In the past, Wal-Mart had tested products at kitchens throughout its headquarters, but that effort was limited and the feedback it provided was fairly general. Now, Wal-Mart gets specific feedback from customers that it can share with suppliers to help decide if an item is ready or needs changes. That collaboration saves money and cuts several months off a product launch, which can last a year from idea to an item landing on store shelves. To read the rest of the story, please go to: Associated Press. Did you enjoy this article? Click here to subscribe to Prepared Foods. Related Articles Surlean Foods Expands Culinary R&D Team Surlean Foods Opens Culinary R&D And Customer Innovation Center Shaklee Invests In Innovation To Help Create Healthier, Longer Lives Deli Star Corporation Opens St. Louis Innovation Center Related Products Lean Manufacturing in the Food Industry Dairy Ingredients for Food Processing The 10 Principles of Food Industry Sustainability Food Safety for the 21st Century: Managing HACCP and Food Safety throughout the Global Supply Chain Related Events Better Process Control School Dairy Lab for Improved Quality Keynote Address: How to Win and Lead Market Change Practical Food Safety & HACCP Workshop You must login or register in order to post a comment. Report Abusive Comment Thank you for helping us to improve our forums. Is this comment offensive? Please tell us why. 
 Subscribe For Free! Print & Digital Edition Subscriptions Prepared Foods eNewsletter Online Registration Subscription Customer Service Mobile App More Videos Events September 22, 2016 Strategies to Drive Profitable Growth for Your Functional Beverage Attendees will learn about functional beverage innovations, trends, and consumer purchase drivers, what Millennials expect from healthy beverage products and how to make and keep your brand relevant and sensory challenges in functional beverages and flavor/odor masking solutions to meet consumer expectations for great taste October 20, 2016 Taste Insights: Reducing Sugar and Caloric Content with Fiber Find out how you can meet today's sugar reduction challenges. As you work to fulfill both the scheduled FDA changes to the Nutrition Facts Label and consumer preferences, you will benefit from learning how to reduce, rebalance, or replace added sugars with label-friendly ingredients. View All Submit An Event Poll Meal Kit Delivery Services Do you believe meal kit delivery services are in a position to create a major impact on traditional supermarkets? Yes No View Results Poll Archive Products Vegetable Oils in Food Technology: Composition, Properties and Uses, 2nd Edition Now in an extensively updated second edition, the volume provides a source of concentrated and accessible information on the composition, properties and food applications of the vegetable oils commonly used in the food industry. See More Products Prepared Foods 2016 November Check out the November 2016 issue of Prepared Foods, featuring our cover story on alternative proteins, along with features on dietary minerals, Hispanic-style food trends, and more! View More Subscribe More Food | Beverage | Packaging Group Custom Content & Marketing Services Market Research List Rental Editorial Guidelines Want More Connect New Product Submission Form Copyright ©2016. All Rights Reserved BNP Media. Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing
null
null
Home Industry Companies Walmart, Brazil firm show India appetite Walmart, Brazil firm show India appetite US retail giant Walmart and one of the world’s largest food companies based out of Brazil are interested in setting up stores in India following the government’s decision to allow 100% foreign direct investment... By: FE Bureau | New Delhi | Published: August 18, 2016 6:19 AM Walmart is interested in setting up its own retail stores, but the Brazilian company may go for a local partner. (Reuters) US retail giant Walmart and one of the world’s largest food companies based out of Brazil are interested in setting up stores in India following the government’s decision to allow 100% foreign direct investment in the marketing of locally-produced food items, food processing secretary Avinash Srivastava said on Wednesday. Walmart is interested in setting up its own retail stores, but the Brazilian company may go for a local partner, he said. Though Srivastava refused to name the Brazilian company, his statement came amid speculations BRF Brasil may tie up with the Kishore Biyani-led Future Group. However, the companies are yet to apply to the government for permission to set up their stores here. While Walmart is the world’s largest retailer, BRF is a global leader in exporting animal protein and on producing food items that are supplied to over 150 countries. BRF has more than 105,000 employees across 35 industrial units in Brazil, 16 abroad and 40 distribution centres. Speaking on the occasion to highlight the achievements of the food processing sector under the Centre’s “Make in India” programme, department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP) secretary Ramesh Abhishek said the sector has received FDI of $1.04 billion between April 2014 and March 2016. This has driven up the overall FDI in the sector to $6.82 billion between April 2000 and March 2016, accounting for 2.36% of the total FDI received by the country across sectors during the period. At least 14 foreign firms have invested above $15 million each (in the range of $16.16-200 million) over the last two years, Abhishek said. Similarly, at least four domestic companies, including Patanjali Ayurved, are investing. He added that this was not an exhaustive list. Top investor Linde Group has invested $200 million in the seafood segment in Andhra Pradesh, while US food major Mondelez International has set up a manufacturing plant with an investment of $190 million, with a capacity of 250,000 tonnes in that state again. Mars International (India), one of the largest chocolate makers, has spent $114.63 million in its Pune plant. Among domestic companies, Patanjali is planning to invest Rs 500 crore in a food processing unit in Madhya Pradesh for which the state government has cleared 400 acres of land. Balaji Wafers, a snacks manufacturer, if investing Rs 414 crore in a manufacturing plant. In June, the DIPP notified that 100% FDI will be permitted in trading — including through e-commerce — of food products produced or manufactured in India, subject to the approval of the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB). The decision to allow it was part of the government’s announcement in the 2016-17 Budget. “This will benefit farmers, give impetus to food processing industry and create vast employment opportunities,” finance minister Arun Jaitley had said in his Budget speech. However, critics had pointed out that opening up only the marketing of food products fully was unlikely to attract much foreign investments as no supermarket can attract massive footfalls and be profitable with just food items on its shelves. The decision is important as food and farm items worth Rs 92,000 crore go waste annually in India due to a low level of processing and inadequate infrastructure for scientific storage. India is the world’s largest producer of milk and the second-largest grower of rice, wheat, fruit and vegetables, but the processing level of such items currently stands at just 10%. Srivastava said with the setting up of additional cold chains, with a storage capacity of 3.2 million tonnes, the government expects to reduce farm wastage by 10% a year. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Flipkart claims it has sold 1 million Xiaomi Redmi 3s and Redmi 3S Prime smartphones Sri Sri Ravishankar praises PM Narendra Modi's demonetisation move; calls it a 'big cause' Demonetisation: Rs 2,000 note illegal, says Congress leader Manish Tewari Tehseen Poonawalla likely to move court over SBI’s loan write off ? Shocking code of conduct for girls at National Institute of Calicut: From ban on Whatsapp, Facebook to wearing tights and talking to boys! GoAir offer: Now budget airliner unveils Rs 736 scheme Vistara looks to compete with Spicejet, GoAir, launches Rs 999 sale offer; says will accept Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes BJP asks Rahul Gandhi to participate in demonetisation debate in Parliament Raheel Sharif's retirement internal matter of Pakistan: US IBPS RRB Officers Scale 1 Pre Exam 2016 Score Card released at ibps.in Income Tax dept busts big cash deposit racket in Nagaland  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story

