News Sports Business Food 77° Full Menu 77° Home Customer Service Customer Service Newsletters Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Buy Tickets Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Colleen Nelson Derek Donovan Dave Helling Melinda Henneberger Steve Kraske Mary Sanchez Steve Rose Guest commentary Syndicated columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Shopping Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us The Jackson County Sheriff’s Office identified Donald Sneed III as the man fatally shot by a sheriff’s deputy Sunday. This family photo shows Sneed with his daughter. Photo courtesy of the Sneed family The Jackson County Sheriff’s Office identified Donald Sneed III as the man fatally shot by a sheriff’s deputy Sunday. This family photo shows Sneed with his daughter. Photo courtesy of the Sneed family Crime May 29, 2017 5:27 PM Jackson County Sheriff releases name of man fatally shot by deputy at Raytown Wal-Mart By Ian Cummings icummings@kcstar.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story The Jackson County Sheriff’s Office has released the name of a man fatally shot by a sheriff’s deputy Sunday night during a shoplifting arrest at the Wal-Mart in Raytown. Donald Sneed III, 31, died at a hospital after the deputy shot him while attempting to make the arrest shortly before 10 p.m. at the Wal-Mart at 10300 E. U.S. 350. According to the Sheriff’s Office, Sneed had disarmed the deputy of her stun gun and shocked her in the neck with it before she shot him to defend herself and others at the store. Sneed’s wife, Rachel Sneed, said she was shocked at his death but also knew he had been in trouble recently. The two had been separated for some time while Sneed struggled with substance abuse problems and spent time in Colorado and Florida. The couple had a 10-year-old daughter, and Sneed, a carpenter by trade, had also been a parent to Rachel Sneed’s three children from a previous relationship. “They are pretty shook up,” Rachel Sneed said of the children. “He was really good with kids,” she said. “He was actually a really good person once upon a time. He was very, very sweet. He loved to make people laugh. He would carry an older lady’s groceries to her car at the store. He just went down the wrong road.” Sneed had been an accomplished athlete, Rachel Sneed said. He had earned a black belt in taekwondo. “He was trying to get his life back,” she said. “He was trying to put himself back together for his daughter, he really was.” Rachel Sneed said she and other family members have unanswered questions about how the shoplifting arrest turned into a deadly physical altercation. The incident at the Wal-Mart began while the deputy was working off-duty at the store and recognized Sneed as being wanted for felony arrest warrants. She alerted store employees, who allegedly watched Sneed shoplift some merchandise. Two store employees contacted Sneed as he exited the store and a struggled ensued, according to the Sheriff’s Office. The deputy began to help the employees stop Sneed, who fought with the deputy. The deputy discharged her stun gun at Sneed, but to no effect. The deputy tried using the stun gun directly on Sneed’s body, but that also appeared to have no effect, according to the Sheriff’s Office. When Sneed took the stun gun away from the deputy and used it on her, the weapon was effective. The deputy shot Sneed with her duty weapon. Emergency medical personnel arrived and rendered aid to both Sneed and the deputy. The deputy was treated at a hospital, according to Jackson County Sgt. John Payne, who did not elaborate on the deputy’s injuries. The deputy will be on administrative leave while the shooting is under investigation by the Sheriff’s Office Criminal Investigations Unit, Payne said. Sneed had active felony warrants for robbery and tampering with a motor vehicle. Ian Cummings: 816-234-4633, @Ian__Cummings The Jackson County Sheriff’s Office identified Donald Sneed III as the man fatally shot by a sheriff’s deputy Sunday. The Sheriff’s Office released a photo of Sneed from a previous arrest. Jackson County Sheriff’s Office LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 15 hours ago Despite homicides, not everyone is fearful of Kansas City trails 3:00 15 hours ago Despite homicides, not everyone is fearful of Kansas City trails 1:02 a day ago Raw video: Fatal shooting on 63rd leaves one dead, two critically wounded 0:50 3 days ago GoFundMe project follows road rage shooting that left expectant father dead View More Video Crime After four slayings, anxiety stalks trails in south Kansas City BTK serial killer planning his own ‘kick-the-bucket scenario’ Why are police withholding information on trail deaths? Dave Bernard knows The four victims: Similarities, some differences, in trail killings Shooting reported near BP gas station at Linwood and Indiana in KC Crime Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
× Like what you're reading? Never miss a thing with the HuffPost Canada Daily Brief newsletter! Newsletter may include personalized content. Learn more. View mobile site Edition: ca Show/Hide عربي (Arabic) AR Australia AU Brasil BR Canada CA Deutschland DE España ES France FR Ελλάδα (Greece) GR India IN Italia IT 日本 (Japan) JP 한국 (Korea) KR Maghreb MG México MX South Africa ZA United Kingdom UK United States US Region: ALL Show/Hide All Canada Alberta British Columbia Québec (en français) Follow Newsletters Get CanadaNewsletters Email address Enter Email Address iOS app Android app More Desktop Alerts $USERNAME Desktop Notifications Profile Settings Logout FRONT PAGE Politics Theresa May Promises New Strategy To Fight Terrorism In Britain 1 Trump Goes After London Mayor Sadiq Khan After Terror Attack 16 London Terror Attacks: Canadians Urged To Be Cautious, Trudeau Sends Message Of Support 3 Go to Politics More in Politics Althia Raj Bill C-51 Salute Politics Videos You Might Also Like US Politics UK Politics Business The Home Stretch: Why Hiring A Random Guy Off The Street Is Not A Sound Renovation Strategy 0 Go to Business More in Business Working Poor Joint Venture Sunny Freeman Business Videos You Might Also Like Tech TechCrunch WorldPost Syrian Women Have A Message: Drop Earrings, Not Bombs 0 Go to WorldPost More in WorldPost Foreign Affairs World Elections Arab Uprising Afghanistan War Syria Crisis You Might Also Like Travel Impact Parents Twin Baby Names: Unique Ideas For Monikers That Don't Start With The Same Letter 0 Go to Parents More in Parents Apparently Parents Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Weddings Living Ariana Grande Manchester Fundraiser: Justin Bieber Delivers Emotional Speech, Sings 'Cold Water' At Concert 0 Go to Living More in Living 2 Minutes To Transform Apparently I'm Sold Canada Say it. Make it. Eat it. Like A Tourist Living Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Style An Important Lesson About Jeans For Men 0 Go to Style More in Style Style Videos Beauty Fashion Celeb Style Wedding Style Best And Worst Dressed Skincare You Might Also Like Style (U.S.) Weddings Entertainment Ben Stiller And Christine Taylor Split After 17 Years Of Marriage 0 Kumail Nanjiani Tells Grads To ‘Have Sex With An Immigrant’ 0 A 'Pirates Of The Caribbean' Set Features Around $2 Million In Snacks 0 Channing Tatum And Adam Driver Are Your New Favorite Criminals 0 Eddie Vedder And Guns N' Roses Pay Tribute To Chris Cornell During Europe Concerts 0 Go to Entertainment You Might Also Like Music Celebrity TV Moviefone Arts Hogwarts: A History Of 'Harry Potter' Theories 0 J.K. Rowling Echoes Brutal Message To Our Climate Change Ignorant President 0 24 'Harry Potter' Superfans Share The Stories Behind Their Magical Ink 0 9 Other Superheroines Who Deserve Their Own Movie Adaptations 0 Lawsuit Accuses Glass Artist Dale Chihuly Of Plagiarizing Work 0 Go to Arts You Might Also Like Books Black Voices Latino Voices Gay Voices Religion Alberta 'Leakless' Pipeline Could Be The Safest Way To Transport Oil 0 Alberta Tornado Can't Keep This Dad From His Chores 0 Go to Alberta More in Alberta Alberta Politics Alberta Business Rachel Notley Calgary Edmonton BC Vancouver Aquarium Treating Rescued Seal Pups 4 Go to BC More in BC B.C. Politics B.C. Business B.C. Good News B.C. RCMP Vancouver Vancouver Housing You Might Also Like B.C.Videos All Sections News Canada Politics Canada Business US Politics US Business World Media Sports Education Crime Weird News Good News Daily Finance Entertainment Entertainment Music TV Celebrity Comedy Arts Books Moviefone Life & Style Living Style Home Healthy Living Taste Weddings Travel Parents Divorce HuffPost 50 OWN Quiet Revolution Tech & Science Tech Science Green Techcrunch Engadget TUAW Joystiq Voices Impact Women Black Voices Latino Voices Queer Voices Religion College Teen Outspeak Local Quebec (French) Calgary Montreal Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Mapquest Patch.com Our Mobile Apps: iPhone iPad Android Phone Android Tablet Canada HuffPost Quebec (en français) What's Working Video Impact Blogs Canada Video 2 Minutes To Transform Canadian Victim Of London Attack 'Had Room In Her Heart For Everyone' Bieber Delivers Emotional Message At Ariana Grande Fundraiser 'Enough Is Enough': Britain Promises New Strategy To Fight Terrorism Trump Goes After 'Politically Correct' London Mayor After Attack 'Leakless' Pipeline Could Be The Safest Way To Transport Oil Alberta Tornado Can't Keep This Dad From His Chores Canadians Urged To Be Cautious After London Attacks Previous Story Next Story Utah Mom Allegedly Locked Kids In Car Trunk To Shop At Walmart HuffPost Canada  |  By Emma Prestwich Email Posted: 05/29/2017 4:48 pm EDT Updated: 05/29/2017 4:49 pm EDT Share Tweet Email Comment tumblr reddit ADVERTISEMENT A Utah mom faces child abuse charges after she allegedly locked her two kids in the trunk of a car and went shopping at Walmart. Tori Castillo was arrested and booked into jail Thursday, according to a police news release obtained by Gephardt Daily. She has been charged with four counts of child abuse involving physical injury and one of retail theft, according to the Weber County Sheriff's Office. Riverdale police arrived at a Walmart Thursday for a report of child neglect, according to the news release. A witness told them that a woman had locked children in a car's trunk. Several people heard noise coming from inside the trunk. The kids, ages two and five, were "moving frantically," "causing the vehicle to shake." Charity Maw heard them pounding against the wall, she told Good4Utah. The Walmart parking lot where the incident happened on Thursday. “The little girl’s voice, just screaming, 'let me out! I’m scared,'” Maw said. “I was shocked, I was shaken, and I was mad.” Tori Castillo in her booking photo. Shopper Heidi, who didn't want her last name used, told Fox 13 she told the girl how to open the trunk’s emergency latch. The two sweaty children jumped out right away. While they waited for police to get there, the mother came back from the store, Heidi told Fox 13. "The only explanation she had was, 'My babysitter didn't show up.'" Police say the children were released to their father, according to Good4Utah. The state's Department of Child and Family Services is also investigating. Follow HuffPost Canada on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. More: video Canada Video kids locked in car trunk kids locked in trunk walmart kids locked in car tori castillo riverdale utah Utah crime Suggest a correction   Click here to view Conversations Conversations Suggested For You FOLLOW HUFFPOST Email Email Address Please check the checkbox to indicate your consent Options HuffPost Daily Brief Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.. Facebook HuffPost Twitter HuffPost Follow Google Plus HuffPost RSS The Huffington Post All RSS / Feeds Phone Available on the App Store Android App on Google Play Get it at Blackberry App World advertise make HuffPost your home page RSS careers FAQ user agreement privacy policy comment policy about us about our ads contact us Archive Copyright ©2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. 2017© Part of HPMG News Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story. Notify message * Required * * * What kind of error is this? Choose an option Factual or typographical Comment moderation problem Rights and permissions Other * What is the correction? 0 count Describe the error here (1,000 character limit) * Type the words below so we know you are not a cyborg Sign me up for The Huffington Post's Daily Brief Thanks for your report!
Business All Agriculture Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Retail Startups Tourism Wal-Mart execs respond to analysts and media questions on e-commerce, corruption investigation Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Lawrence County Detention Center project on schedule and below projected budget Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Arkansas tax revenue collections above revised forecast in May Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Lawrence County Detention Center project on schedule and below projected budget Fort Smith Schools Superintendent gets one-year contract extension, millage vote will not happen in 2017 Panel: Thriving economies can spring from just one or two cultural ‘anchors’ Sen. Boozman seeks to designate U.S. 67 as I-57; could be years before it becomes an interstate Video / Podcasts Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Sen. Tom Cotton questions anonymous-sourced stories, supportive of Trump’s foreign diplomacy Revenue and Tax chairman wants highway plan inside tax code overhaul Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Arkansas Transportation Report: Arkansas River traffic dips below 900,000 tons in April, lowest level since 2011 Little Rock harbor project underway, latest in several TIGER-funded projects in Arkansas Executive leadership additions continue at USA Truck The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Riff Raff: Observations, curly mustaches and lost causes Opinion by Michael Tilley (mtilley@talkbusiness.net) 6 days ago 414 views  Tags: riff raff 0 SHARES Share Tweet Tried to get this essay approved through Russian back channels. Turns out, that’s not a good idea. But the essay contains good words, some of the best words. Some of the best words I know, at least. When’s the medical marijuana become available? • It’s nice you are up early trying to stay healthy. But if you’re jogging on the road before sunrise in dark colors, am not sure how healthy you’ll look with your tibia as a hood ornament and the rest of you tweezered out of my radiator. • Walmart U.S. store receipts want to know about your visit. The incentive to testify is free gift cards. With several hundred million folks shopping Walmart each week, my odds of winning a gift card are somewhere near my odds of being adopted by a Walton. The recent visit was nice, however. The retired guy at the table soliciting Children’s Hospital donations has a Rollie Fingers’ mustache. Took him about three months to grow it out to where he could wax it up with the curly flair on each end. He was in the Navy. Retired as a cook on a submarine. He misses it. “I’d go back tomorrow if they’d let me. I loved being in the Navy,” he said. An elderly couple was arguing over fruit. Those 3 for 98-cents chunky chocolate chip cookies y’all pimp near the healthy stuff were calling my name, but I resisted. Several folks were picking through your beef and poultry selection, probably prepping for a Memorial Day grill. But your beef is not the best quality and a little overpriced. Best money on beef is still with a local butcher shop or at Harps. Ran into an old friend who now lives in Florida. We got to catchin’ up and noticed we were bottle necking one of the self-checkout lanes. Sorry about that, Mr. Foran. Facebook is where you can find me if there is any interest in adoption. • With each one of these Memorial Day and Veterans Day events I become less supportive of a government that sends us to war based on perceived national security interests. Big money and big religion can go take a long walk. The defense industry, also. We all should be tired of being sucked in by the blind patriotism and manufactured fear borne of flag-wrapped fiction. • He’s boss in the Big Easy, but it’s been anything but easy for New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu. The city removed four confederate monuments from its public areas, with the last being the iconic statue of Gen. Robert E. Lee high atop a 60-foot pedestal in the city’s popular Tivoli Circle. Backlash has been nasty. Members of the Fort Smith School Board can relate. As, to some extent, might Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson and others who supported the successful separation of holidays for Martin Luther King Jr. and Robert E. Lee. Mayor Landrieu gave a speech just a few hours before the Lee statue was removed from Tivoli Circle. He didn’t come to mollify, equivocate or go pansy ass and seek some political middle ground. He came out with a little edge, a dash of anger; as if put out for having to justify the removal of tributes to those who fought to defend slavery. “The historic record is clear: the Robert E. Lee, Jefferson Davis, and P.G.T. Beauregard statues were not erected just to honor these men, but as part of the movement which became known as The Cult of the Lost Cause. This ‘cult’ had one goal — through monuments and through other means — to rewrite history to hide the truth, which is that the Confederacy was on the wrong side of humanity,” the Mayor said. Cult. Wrong side of humanity. Preach on, brother Landrieu. “America was the place where nearly 4,000 of our fellow citizens were lynched, 540 alone in Louisiana; where the courts enshrined ‘separate but equal’; where Freedom riders coming to New Orleans were beaten to a bloody pulp. So when people say to me that the monuments in question are history, well what I just described is real history as well, and it is the searing truth,” Landreiu said. “And it immediately begs the questions: why there are no slave ship monuments, no prominent markers on public land to remember the lynchings or the slave blocks; nothing to remember this long chapter of our lives; the pain, the sacrifice, the shame … all of it happening on the soil of New Orleans. “So for those self-appointed defenders of history and the monuments, they are eerily silent on what amounts to this historical malfeasance, a lie by omission. “There is a difference between remembrance of history and reverence of it. … As President George W. Bush said at the dedication ceremony for the National Museum of African American History & Culture, ‘A great nation does not hide its history. It faces its flaws and corrects them.’” (You, Kind Reader, can link here for the full speech.) A correction is underway. Dying out daily is the generation sympathetic, even if subconsciously so, to confederate symbols of a “lost cause” and other emblems of white Judeo-Christian supremacy. A majority of Millennials and younger generations don’t play that game. Mick and the boys were right. Time is on our side. Comments comments Previous post Computer coding enthusiasm Next post Arkansas Legislative Black Caucus to host series of town halls Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Jason England Cash flow critical in commercial construction Marshall Ney A win for wet communities in Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson Computer coding enthusiasm Tamika Edwards Ending poverty one judgment at a time Stacey Mason 15 skills to build Latest Popular Lawrence County Detention Center project on schedule and below projected budget 3 hours ago Wal-Mart execs respond to analysts and media questions on e-commerce, corruption investigation 8 hours ago Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration 13 hours ago Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission 13 hours ago Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate 14 hours ago Ernest Hemingway’s refuge in Northeast Arkansas continues to attract visitors 2,131 views Annual meeting entertainment rooted in Sam Walton’s desire for a good time 2,123 views Chick-fil-A files site plan for third location in Rogers 1,955 views The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks 1,602 views Arkansas congressional delegation applauds Trump’s withdrawal from climate treaty 1,438 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
My SUN+ account Logout Search Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Toronto Sun Sunday June 4 2017 Home News In News Toronto & GTA Ontario Canada World Weird Archives Sports In Sports Latest Scores Toronto Maple Leafs Blue Jays Raptors Toronto Rock Argonauts Toronto FC Hockey Golf Baseball Football Basketball Soccer Curling Tennis Horse Racing Motorsports Mixed Martial Arts Other Sports Archives Entertainment In Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Stage Books Archives Life In Life Sex Files Health & Fitness Eat Fashion Education & Careers Sun in the Community Archives Tech In Tech Gadgets News Gaming Discovery Archives Money In Money Money Home Archives Travel In Travel Ontario Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion In Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos In Photos Videos In Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Sunshine Girl Sunshine Girl In Sunshine Girl Become a Sunshine Girl Archives Moremore Flyers This Week Homes Golf Weather Find-a-Rental Contests Special Sections Lottery results Manage my account Read E-edition Must Reads TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Stage Books Archives Entertainment Celebrities Tracy Morgan: Alive and kicking By Nelson Branco, 24 Hrs First posted: Friday, May 26, 2017 05:58 PM EDT | Updated: Monday, May 29, 2017 08:32 AM EDT Despite a flurry of setbacks, Tracy Morgan is back and kicking. Where else? Netflix. NETFLIX Tweet Change text size for the story Print this story Report an error What doesn't kill you makes you stronger. If you're cynical about the old adage, then let us reintroduce you to Tracy Morgan. The Bronx, New York native has a history of adversity from losing his heroin-addicted war vet father - who abandoned him at just six years old - to AIDS when Morgan was just 19; failing as a crack cocaine dealer while being on welfare as a young, married father and husband; grappling with his best friend's murder; and successfully battling alcohol addiction which had led to a diabetes diagnosis that required a kidney transplant. Quite the résumé, huh? But now you can say he literally cheated death. On June 7, 2014, Morgan survived being hit by a Walmart 18-wheel tractor-trailer, resulting in a six-vehicle crash in New Jersey, after performing his last standup tour, Turn It Funny. Fate once again tested Morgan's mettle when he learned another one of his close friends and fellow comedian, James McNair, was killed in the crash. For Morgan, it was a long road back to life, having suffered a brain injury that left him comatose for eight days while enduring a broken leg, femur, nose, ribs and major surgery. But nothing could break his spirit. When he awoke from his coma, his first response? "Is my d--OK?" The two-time Emmy-nominated 30 Rock star famously bounced back - and sued Walmart after learning the driver had negligently been awake for an alleged 28 hours. Both parties eventually settled out of court for an undisclosed amount. Today, Morgan is thriving, married to new wife Megan Wollover and ready to tell his story. He's the latest superstar comedian to join the Netflix family. The 48-year-old former Saturday Night Live scene-stealer is using his pathos and pain to poke your funny and naughty bone in the currently streaming, aptly-titled Staying Alive - with no apologies to John Travolta. 24 Hours spoke with Morgan - who was in fine form, yet intense and reflective spirits - about being a victor not a victim in life, what's left on his bucket list and why his brush with death hasn't made him funnier. Comedians are flocking to Netflix for standup specials. HBO must be jealous. Did you see the stable of comedy talent they have? Myself, Dave Chappelle, Amy Schumer, Chris Rock, Chelsea Handler and Sarah Silverman ... Why are they attracting irreverent comics? The creative freedom? I don't know. You'll have to ask them. All I know is when I came out of the coma, I just wanted to tell my story. I wanted to take you guys on a journey and Netflix let me tell it from the horse's mouth. How are you feeling these days? Great. I get asked that question every day by many people. Listen, it can be traumatizing revisiting that time but I know people just care, which is why they ask. They just want to know how I'm doing. No one wants to see someone hit by a car with that much steel and walk away - and still be sane! And lose a friend too. You got to praise God for that. People don't know that sometimes I'm still traumatized a bit because I have to relive it. It's difficult because I almost lost my family and my life; but I'm here now yet it wasn't easy coming back. I was scared. I didn't know (my ex-wife) Sabina was there next to me. She saved my life, my whole life. We cried and laughed about things. If you can't laugh about s--, you're going to cry. Did the accident make you funnier? No. There is no more funny or less funny. I am who I am. I just see life in a different perspective. I'm fearless but I've always been that way before the accident. If I wasn't fearless, I wouldn't be doing standup. It just made me think of life. When I thought I was doing bad in the hospital, it made me realize there are people out there that are worse than you. It taught me humanity and humbleness and to just focus on one thing at a time. So you learned a lot of life lessons ... All we do is think of our f--ing selves. When I was in Africa, I've never seen that kind of poverty before. I know my purpose now - to spread love. Think about it: dude got hit by a motherf--ing semi-truck going 65 miles per hour with 85,000 pounds of frozen food in the back. And he stayed alive?! That's a tough motherf--er! That's why I start the special walking through Brooklyn with a Walmart bag. And I still shop there! But now everything costs a penny more! Is that s--funny or what? We're doing funny from the gate before the standup even starts. You sound like you're a better man for living through that hell. It's all growth. There's no way in hell you can go through that and not change. It gave me so much more to talk about. My psychiatrist told me the two biggest car accidents in history were "you and Princess Diana's!" It freaked me out; wigged me out. To the point where I started crying and I had to calm myself down. I know what I almost lost because my wife and daughter, who was 10 months old at the time, were at all my shows - except that one. (Knocks on table) The baby was teething, she had a fever. The night before the accident, I told them to stay home. My doctor said you made the best decision of your life. He said, 'Tracy, if you're going to beat yourself up, don't use a bat.' Has the world lost its sense of humour? So many comics aren't playing universities because of the political correctness police. I think it has. Jackie Gleason didn't care about being PC! Do you think Richard Pryor and George Carlin could survive that s--? I don't know. I don't know if they could survive PC. Today, instead of telling this motherf--er his breath stinks, you have to ask him if he wants gum instead! By the way, you were robbed of the Emmy for hosting SNL last year. (Turns to publicist) Did you hear that?! Are you anything like your 30 Rock character Tracy Jordan? I didn't know I was that good of an actor! No, that's Tracy Jordan - not Tracy Morgan. That's just a character I play on TV. I'm a lot more grounded, especially as a father. Show business is low on my priority list. I'm not wild like Tracy Jordan ... even when I was drinking and partying. But I've been clean for 15 years. I've never done any narcotics, I'm talking about marijuana and liquor. I was crazy then and it cost me my first marriage. I didn't want to lose no more. The only thing Tracy Jordan and I have in common is the clothes. Sometimes, people are scared to come up to me and say, 'Hey, I'm Brian Fellows'like it's going to upset me. Brian Fellows made me a million dollars. I created him. I did that. And I created Tracy Jordan and Astronaut Jones. Those characters are dear to me - especially if they made you laugh. You told People magazine that attending the Kentucky Derby was on your bucket list - which you just crossed off. What else is on that list? Getting my wife pregnant tonight.  Top stories Popular Latest Videos B.C. woman Christine Archibald identified as victim in London terror attack Family shocked at what video shows cops saying about girl with Down Syndrome Nashville's top power-play duo? Mike Fisher and Carrie Underwood Bill Cosby case sullies us all Blue Jays pull out victory with late Josh Donaldson homer B.C. woman Christine Archibald identified as victim in London terror attack Tom Cruise in talks for 'Interview with the Vampire' TV series Ariana Grande's ring sparks engagement rumours at Manchester concert Ariana Grande's Manchester benefit concert goes on Warriors offence buries Cavaliers for 2-0 series lead Argos Training Camp Rifle SSG Tonya Andrew Scheer why he'd be good for all of Canada A DogBnB with creature comforts More from Celebrities Ariana Grande visits Manchester bombing victims Scarlett Johansson won't stop talking about sex: 'We should take the stigma away' 'Wonder Woman,' Tiger Woods and Ariana Grande among this week's winners and losers Passengers confront Sean Penn in flight spat: Report Carey Mulligan, Marcus Mumford expecting second child: Report Inside Toronto sun.com News Cdn killed in London attack Sports Ex-major leaguer Jim Piersall dies at 87 Entertainment Aykroyd slams 'Ghostbusters' director Paul Feig Sports On Deck: Blue Jays at Athletics Sports Travis relieved hand not broken Entertainment Cruise eyes 'Interview with the Vampire' TV series Entertainment Ariana Grande sparks engagement rumours Entertainment Grande's Manchester benefit concert goes on News ISIS claims responsibility for London attack News Trump slams London mayor over terror attacks News 15 hedgehogs found in California trash can News Putin: U.S. claims 'a load of nonsense' Home Mobile version News Toronto & GTA Ontario Canada World Weird Archives Sports Latest Scores Maple Leafs Blue Jays Raptors Toronto Rock Argos Toronto FC Hockey Golf Baseball Football Basketball Soccer Curling Tennis Horse Racing Motorsports MMA Other Sports Archives Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Stage Books Archives Life Sex Files Health & Fitness Eat Fashion Education & Careers Sun in the Community Archives Tech Gadgets News Gaming Discovery Archives Money Money Home Archives Travel Ontario Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Sunshine Girl Flyers This Week Homes Golf Weather Find-a-Rental Contests Special Sections Lottery results Manage my account Read E-edition Must Reads Sunshine Girl Follow Rss Facebook Twitter Subscribe Sun+ Print mobile Manage my account Buy SUN items Archives & Services Page Toronto Sun Contact Us Letters to the editor Online Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Advertise In print Online Classified Advertising Opportunities Sun publications Ottawa Sun Winnipeg Sun Calgary Sun Edmonton Sun More Publications Site map Privacy policy Terms & conditions Powered by Fatwire Canoe Sun Media is a member of Copyright © 2016 All rights reserved
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Didn’t Kill Brick and Mortar Retailers — They Killed Themselves The rise of e-commerce only exposed how lazy and disinterested retailers had become by the late 90's By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  May 29, 2017, 12:56 pm EDT Get AMZN alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June Buy Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock on Any Good-Sized Dip Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Hits $1,000. Now Watch This Number. Recent Posts: Why Pinnacle Foods Inc (PF), RH (RH) and Marathon Oil Corporation (MRO) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks Why Express, Inc. (EXPR), Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June View All Posts Happy 20th birthday, Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), and congratulations to investors who were lucky enough to capture any part of the 49,000% return AMZN stock has dished out since its inception. That journey was an interesting one, to be sure, and at times it was perilous. But, the company’s success can’t be denied. Source: Mike Seyfang via Flickr A lot has happened during that time, too. While Amazon has grown, with the exception of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) it’s pretty clear other retailers have shrunk thanks to the lower prices and greater assortment of products Amazon offers. Even Wal-Mart has felt a headwind. With 20 years of subjective evidence to look back on, however — through the lens of my unique perspective — I can honestly say that Amazon’s role in the demise of retailing as we know it was smaller than the role those retailers played for themselves in their demise. From a Unique Perspective To illustrate that my opinion is not an unqualified one, prior to starting my career in the investment world, I was in retail. I held management positions with Mercantile Stores prior to its acquisition by Dillard’s, Inc. (NYSE:DDS) in 1998, and I held a position with Saks, which has since become part of the Hudson Bay family. That was back before e-commerce was a thing… some would say the golden age of retailing. Customer service was the primary weapon of choice, yet tasteful-but-competitive pricing played a big part of the in-store mindset. And, as a guy who spent some time on the front lines before going into a brick-and-mortar store turned into a miserable experience, I can honestly say the deterioration of the customer experience is the root reason Amazon has thrived and AMZN stock has mustered a quintuple-digit gain in two decades. Remember When? Anyone over the age of 50 (which isn’t me, yet, but it’s close) will likely recall a time when you could visit a home goods store and smell bread baking just to draw a crowd to that retailer’s breadmakers. Indeed, most of the hottest merchandise bought in a box was generally on display out of its box for all retailers, where a would-be buyer could really get a feel for what he or she was curious about. And, anyone 50 or older remembers a time when store employees would look you in the eye and at least muster a modicum of interest in offering some sort of service to the patron. Most stores encouraged their sales crews to make a point of delighting their customers. Perhaps more than anything though, consumers were willing to fight traffic and a crowded mall not to make a specific purchase, but to see what new merchandise was available since their last visit. In other words, there was a time when shopping was something of a social adventure, even if nothing was purchased. Now, however, it’s just a miserable (and often boring) experience. Part of that is unavoidable. The internet has largely made it clear what’s on a store’s shelves or racks. The other part, though — the pleasant people part — is an area where most retailer’s have dropped the ball. It’s simply not acceptable for a service employee to be conducting personal business via text on their smartphone while “on the clock,” yet it happens on a rather regular basis. In that same vein, palpable contempt for customers, rather than a genuine interest in assisting them, has become the new norm for too many shopping venues. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/amazon-amzn-didnt-kill-brick-mortar-retailers/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks to Buy and Hold for the Next 5 Years 7 Dividend Stock Picks That Make the Grade 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High WWDC: 10 Biggest Apple Reveals Ever 10 High-Tech Gifts Dad Will Love ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High 4 Coal Stocks That Are in Danger, With or Without Trump Most Popular 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 7 Stocks to Buy That Wall Street Got Dead Wrong 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 10 Boring Stocks to Buy for Red-Hot Returns Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider   Welcome, {username} Profile | Login Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air CRIME Utah mom locks kids in trunk of car while she shops at Walmart, police say Published May 29, 2017 Fox News Facebook Twitter Email Print Tori Castillo, 39, locked her two children in the trunk of her car while she shopped at Walmart last week, police said. (Weber County Sheriff's Office) A Utah woman was arrested Thursday after she allegedly locked her two children in the trunk of her car while she went shopping at Walmart.  Tori Castillo, 39, faces four counts of child abuse with physical injury and one count of theft, Fox 13 reported. Two women told police they were in the Walmart parking lot in Riverdale when they heard the children's voices coming from the car.  "I could hear some kids crying," the woman recounted to Fox 13.  "I turned to my friend and I'm like, 'There's people in this trunk. There's kids in this trunk!'" MISSISSIPPI SHOOTING: RELATIVE 'DEVASTATED' AFTER RAMPAGE LEAVES 8 DEAD "I started talking to the little girl that I could hear screaming," she said. "She was [yelling], 'Mom, let me out! Let me out! Mom! Help!" She was screaming, crying." Four people worked to rescue the children as they yelled for help. One of the women guided the children to the emergency latch inside the trunk. Eventually, it popped open.  "Both kids just came out... they just jumped out at us," the woman told the station. "One lady took the 2-year-old, I took the 5-year-old." 'HEROES' DIED PROTECTING WOMEN FROM ANTI-MUSLIM RANT, PORTLAND MAYOR SAYS Castillo eventually returned to the parking lot and reportedly told the women the reason for locking her children in the trunk was because the "babysitter didn't show up."  A witness later said she saw Castillo lock her children in the trunk of the car before walking into the store.  The children were handed over to a "responsible party," the Division of Child and Family Services said.  Click here for more from Fox 13.  Advertisement Trending in US Portland pro-Trump, anti-Trump demonstrations converge, sparking violence Illinois man jumps into moving car to save a stranger's life: See the video North Carolina boat exploded after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Disability attorney who stole $600M from the government disappears, FBI says Georgia authorities hunt for escaped inmate in Atlanta area Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman DrPhoneFix Opens New Locally Owned and Operated Location In the Mount Dora Walmart Superstore DrPhoneFix As part of their grand opening, between now and June 9, 2017, the Mount Dora DrPhoneFix team will be offering to install free iPhone and Galaxy S glass screen protectors they have in stock. Mount Dora, Florida (PRWEB) May 29, 2017 Mount Dora’s Walmart Superstore is now the new home to DrPhoneFix’s seventeenth Walmart-based location in the United States. The new Mount Dora Store is owned and operated by two industry professionals, who, along with their team, have more than 30 years of combined iPhone, smartphone and electronics service and repair experience. The owners are longstanding, highly respected members of the Mount Dora, Golden Triangle community. DrPhoneFix’s continued partnership with Walmart provides independent franchisees to manage and develop new stores in convenient and highly-viable locations. Located within the front of one of America’s largest retailers, DrPhoneFix’s Walmart locations have the benefits of high-volume foot traffic as well as providing the convenience of Walmart’s shopping experience for their customers as repairs and services are being performed in store. Mount Dora’s owners are very excited for the opportunity to bring the DrPhoneFix’ Experience to their community. As part of their grand opening, between now and June 9, 2017, the Mount Dora DrPhoneFix team will be offering to install free iPhone and Galaxy S glass screen protectors they have in stock. They invite the public to stop by, say hello and see what their new business has to offer! DrPhoneFix is a franchised company specializing in the repair of electronic devices, from iPhones, smartphones, tablets, laptops, gaming consoles and most other portable electronic devices. Founded in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, DrPhoneFix has grown significantly in the past three years. The company now has locations throughout the entire United States. For more information about the products and services offered by DrPhoneFix, please visit drphonefix.com/mount-dora-fl/ Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Artificial Intelligence Tested to Improve Men’s Health – Canadian Men’s Health Foundation Next PostNext Gifford-Mcmahon Cryocoolers Market 2017 Growth Rate by Type, Trends, Data Source and Competitive Situation Among the Top Manufacturers Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman DrPhoneFix Opens New Locally Owned and Operated Location In the Mount Dora Walmart Superstore DrPhoneFix As part of their grand opening, between now and June 9, 2017, the Mount Dora DrPhoneFix team will be offering to install free iPhone and Galaxy S glass screen protectors they have in stock. Mount Dora, Florida (PRWEB) May 29, 2017 Mount Dora’s Walmart Superstore is now the new home to DrPhoneFix’s seventeenth Walmart-based location in the United States. The new Mount Dora Store is owned and operated by two industry professionals, who, along with their team, have more than 30 years of combined iPhone, smartphone and electronics service and repair experience. The owners are longstanding, highly respected members of the Mount Dora, Golden Triangle community. DrPhoneFix’s continued partnership with Walmart provides independent franchisees to manage and develop new stores in convenient and highly-viable locations. Located within the front of one of America’s largest retailers, DrPhoneFix’s Walmart locations have the benefits of high-volume foot traffic as well as providing the convenience of Walmart’s shopping experience for their customers as repairs and services are being performed in store. Mount Dora’s owners are very excited for the opportunity to bring the DrPhoneFix’ Experience to their community. As part of their grand opening, between now and June 9, 2017, the Mount Dora DrPhoneFix team will be offering to install free iPhone and Galaxy S glass screen protectors they have in stock. They invite the public to stop by, say hello and see what their new business has to offer! DrPhoneFix is a franchised company specializing in the repair of electronic devices, from iPhones, smartphones, tablets, laptops, gaming consoles and most other portable electronic devices. Founded in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, DrPhoneFix has grown significantly in the past three years. The company now has locations throughout the entire United States. For more information about the products and services offered by DrPhoneFix, please visit drphonefix.com/mount-dora-fl/ Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Artificial Intelligence Tested to Improve Men’s Health – Canadian Men’s Health Foundation Next PostNext Gifford-Mcmahon Cryocoolers Market 2017 Growth Rate by Type, Trends, Data Source and Competitive Situation Among the Top Manufacturers Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / DrPhoneFix Opens New Locally Owned and Operated Location In the Mount Dora Walmart Superstore DrPhoneFix Opens New Locally Owned and Operated Location In the Mount Dora Walmart Superstore Posted on May 29, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Cell Phone and Computer Repair Franchise Opens New Location in Florida Mount Dora, Florida (PRWEB) May 29, 2017 Mount Dora’s Walmart Superstore is now the new home to DrPhoneFix’s seventeenth Walmart-based location in the United States. The new Mount Dora Store is owned and operated by two industry professionals, who, along with their team, have more than 30 years of combined iPhone, smartphone and electronics service and repair experience. The owners are longstanding, highly respected members of the Mount Dora, Golden Triangle community. DrPhoneFix’s continued partnership with Walmart provides independent franchisees to manage and develop new stores in convenient and highly-viable locations. Located within the front of one of America’s largest retailers, DrPhoneFix’s Walmart locations have the benefits of high-volume foot traffic as well as providing the convenience of Walmart’s shopping experience for their customers as repairs and services are being performed in store. Mount Dora’s owners are very excited for the opportunity to bring the DrPhoneFix’ Experience to their community. As part of their grand opening, between now and June 9, 2017, the Mount Dora DrPhoneFix team will be offering to install free iPhone and Galaxy S glass screen protectors they have in stock. They invite the public to stop by, say hello and see what their new business has to offer! DrPhoneFix is a franchised company specializing in the repair of electronic devices, from iPhones, smartphones, tablets, laptops, gaming consoles and most other portable electronic devices. Founded in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, DrPhoneFix has grown significantly in the past three years. The company now has locations throughout the entire United States. For more information about the products and services offered by DrPhoneFix, please visit drphonefix.com/mount-dora-fl/ For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/05/prweb14357843.htm Latest News Artificial Intelligence Tested to Improve Men’s Health – Canadian Men’s Health Foundation Radiology Business Management Association Announces New Board President DrPhoneFix Opens New Locally Owned and Operated Location In the Mount Dora Walmart Superstore California Girls Are The Friendliest In The United States, Reveals Chatrandom Study Ucraft Website Builder Launches a White Label Solution Adopting a Cat from a Shelter Means Saving A Life EzCheckprinting & Virtual Printer For Quickbooks Users Has A New How To Video For Ease Of Use 6 Things You Need to Know before Opening up Your Pool This Season Waco, TX Locksmith Helps Prevent Break-Ins to Your Business Gismart Launched a Safe Tuning App DoubleTune © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Home Subscribe (Free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media info Advertising info ARTICLES BLOGS LABS SCIENCE REFERENCE REPORTS VIDEOS RADIO INFOGRAPHICS MUSIC CARTOONS LIBRARY RSS STORE Search Powered by GoodGopher.com Bitcoin vs. GOLD: Which is the better store of value? "Sacred Plant" is natural medicine for 20+ conditions Walmart, Costco, Kroger, Publix and Albertson’s all receive failing grades for selling meats loaded with antibiotics Sunday, May 28, 2017 by: Frances Bloomfield Tags: Antibiotics, chicken, food (Natural News) If you’re regular at Costco or Kroger, avoid buying the chicken next time. Alongside Albertson’s/Safeway, Publix, and Walmart, these massive grocers failed when it came to selling antibiotic-free chicken to the public. All five retailers fell short in a survey conducted by the Natural Resources Defense Council (NRDC), reported OrganicAuthority.com. Each one received a grade of “D” when it came to their lack of progress on the promotion of antibiotic practices, and their inability to provide antibiotic-free chicken offerings. For their survey, the NRDC looked at the retailers’ branches in Charlotte, Chicago, Houston, Jacksonville, Los Angeles, and Philadelphia. The NRDC selected these cities to represent the country’s four census regions. These locations were then graded according to the following categories: policy (20 points), consumer education at point of purchase (five points), brand score antibiotic use (20 points), and brand score certification (10 points). The raw total of these categories was 55 points, and each grocer scored as such: Walmart received 20.9 points (38 percent), Albertson’s/Safeway received 21.5 points (39 percent), Publix received 21 points (38 percent), Kroger received 18.4 points (33 percent), and Costco received 22 points (40 percent). Sans Costco, all other retailers scored poorly in policy, which was defined as “Commitment to phase out routine use of antibiotics described on major retailer website” and “Timeline to phase out routine use of antibiotics described on major retailer website.” This was especially notable, as large chicken producers like Tyson and Perdue have moved away from or pledged to move away from the use of antibiotics. Walmart was noted as the biggest offender in this regard. Not only does the company have the most number of suppliers with antibiotic-free chicken products, but Walmart has called for greater transparency from producers. Moreover, the NRDC discovered that the retailers’ own private-label chicken brands were sourced from producers with questionable antibiotic-free practices. (Related: Perdue announces that its chicken products are now 95 percent antibiotic-free) As for helping consumers in making informed choices, only Publix had the necessary signage in all of their stores. All of their branches had displays that informed consumers of producers with responsible antibiotic policies. However, this did not include producers who were still in the process of phasing out antibiotics from their products. Though all the retailers offered United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)-certified  chicken or Raised Without Antibiotics (RWA) chicken, there were no indications that these poultry products had been certified by third parties. Whole Foods may not have included in the survey, but the NRDC lauded it as the sole grocer to “have earned top score in all categories.” Their policy to sell antibiotic-free livestock products goes beyond chicken and covers beef, pork, and turkey. Whole Foods also made it easier for consumers to understand their purchases better, something that all the other retailers failed to do. The NRDC concluded their survey by asking for retailers to commit themselves to the elimination of antibiotic-laden products from their chains, and for consumers to “vote with their wallets” by purchasing RWA and USDA-certified chicken. Carmen Cordova, a staff scientist under the Food and Agriculture Program of the NRDC, said this about the results of the survey: “The top five grocery store chains in the country feed millions of Americans, so their actions have a big impact on public health — for better or worse. Supermarkets can either continue to ignore the spread of drug-resistant infections, or they can answer their customers’ call to be a part of the solution.” Rather than curing diseases among chickens, antibiotics are more often used to promote quicker growth in the animals and to prevent them from getting sick. According to OrganicAuthority.com, this practice allows antibiotic-resistant bacteria to thrive, which in turn is extremely harmful to humans and animals alike. Visit FoodSupply.news for similar stories. Sources include: OrganicAuthority.com NRDC.org 1 NRDC.org 2 Previous :China intensifies its Orwellian policies with the world’s biggest DNA database Next : America’s silent crisis: Drinking water may become too expensive for millions of households in the future Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... (Note: Avoid using gmail.com addresses, because Google deliberately censors this email newsletter to protect Big Pharma's profits.) Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on Antibiotics Walmart, Costco, Kroger, Publix and Albertson’s all receive failing grades for selling meats loaded with antibiotics Consumers now demanding their meat be raised “humanely,” without growth hormones or GMOs, according to new study Mysterious compound called “F19” discovered by Israeli researchers to kill antibiotic-resistant superbugs without encouraging resistance McDonald’s says providing antibiotic-free beef “too quickly” will cause meat shortages Shocking study finds that penicillin changes childrens’ brains, causing them to grow up angry and violent Heavy intake of antibiotics linked to deadly bowel cancer Bowel cancer risk skyrockets after taking antibiotics for just two weeks Komodo Dragon blood contains powerful self-produced antibiotics, turning the reptile into a walking pharmacy Massive recall of dangerous farm-raised catfish announced Hospitals in New York State are witnessing a deadly drug resistant fungal infection outbreak Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-05-28-walmart-costco-kroger-grocery-chains-failing-grade-antibiotics-meat.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-05-28-walmart-costco-kroger-grocery-chains-failing-grade-antibiotics-meat.html">Walmart, Costco, Kroger, Publix and Albertson’s all receive failing grades for selling meats loaded with antibiotics</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year FDA quietly bans powerful life-saving intravenous Vitamin C - NaturalNews.com Health Ranger featured in “The Sacred Plant” documentary series airing June 7th - NaturalNews.com What you're not being told about the Paris climate agreement - NaturalNews.com The Paris Climate Accord is GENOCIDE against plants, forests and all life on our planet - NaturalNews.com Dilbert creator Scott Adams causes liberal heads to explode with comic that hilariously exposes climate change “forecasting” - NaturalNews.com The REAL SCIENCE behind carbon dioxide: Plants use CO2 to create CBD, THC, curcumin and all medicinal molecules - NaturalNews.com Trump pulls U.S. out of “non-binding” Paris Climate Accord - Here's why he was right to do it - NaturalNews.com The media can no longer hide the truth about Fukushima; the entire world is in danger - NaturalNews.com Raw vegan bloggers go EXTREME, claiming that menstruation can be eliminated with a raw food diet - NaturalNews.com Top 10 overlooked survival tips you need to know today - NaturalNews.com Over 30,000 scientists say 'Catastrophic Man-Made Global Warming' is a complete hoax and science lie If carbon dioxide is so bad for the planet, why do greenhouse growers buy CO2 generators to double plant growth? Hyperbaric oxygen therapy cures woman of stage-4 cancer - NaturalNews.com FAKE NEWS: ESPN photoshopped Tiger Woods DUI arrest photo to make him look less ragged and deranged - NaturalNews.com Man arrested for selling vegetables without a permit in police state USA - NaturalNews.com Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes CRYBULLY MASTERY: After depicting deadly violence against the President, Kathy Griffin plays VICTIM card, claiming Trump bullied her - NaturalNews.com Planned Parenthood abortionist caught on video joking about aborted baby EYEBALLS “rolling into our laps” - NaturalNews.com The Paris Climate Accord is GENOCIDE against plants, forests and all life on our planet - NaturalNews.com Kathy Griffin sums up the deranged, violent, lunatic Left with video of the bloody, decapitated head of President Trump - NaturalNews.com Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them FDA quietly bans powerful life-saving intravenous Vitamin C - NaturalNews.com Health Ranger featured in “The Sacred Plant” documentary series airing June 7th - NaturalNews.com Tiger Woods gets arrested for DUI, then says toxic “mix of medications” made him drive like a dangerous maniac… what if he’s RIGHT? - NaturalNews.com Trump pulls U.S. out of “non-binding” Paris Climate Accord - Here's why he was right to do it - NaturalNews.com The REAL SCIENCE behind carbon dioxide: Plants use CO2 to create CBD, THC, curcumin and all medicinal molecules - NaturalNews.com Walmart, Costco, Kroger, Publix and Albertson’s all receive failing grades for selling meats loaded with antibiotics - NaturalNews.com VACCINE HOAX unveiled as rigorous scientific study finds NO reduction in measles, mumps, rubella, influenza or rotavirus among vaccinated children - NaturalNews.com The Amish, who don’t get vaccinated, rarely get autism, cancer, or heart disease - coincidence? - NaturalNews.com Dilbert creator Scott Adams causes liberal heads to explode with comic that hilariously exposes climate change “forecasting” - NaturalNews.com America’s silent crisis: Drinking water may become too expensive for millions of households in the future - NaturalNews.com What you're not being told about the Paris climate agreement - NaturalNews.com Damning legislation would give corporations the power to forcibly vaccinate you and collect your DNA records - NaturalNews.com Hyperbaric oxygen therapy cures woman of stage-4 cancer - NaturalNews.com Autism risk 420% higher in vaccinated children vs. non-vaccinated, published science confirms - NaturalNews.com CRYBULLY MASTERY: After depicting deadly violence against the President, Kathy Griffin plays VICTIM card, claiming Trump bullied her - NaturalNews.com RED ALERT: Attempted political coup now taking place in D.C. with effort to impeach Trump for fabricated “obstruction of justice” - NaturalNews.com The Paris Climate Accord is GENOCIDE against plants, forests and all life on our planet - NaturalNews.com Boston Herald calls for government-run execution squads to MASS MURDER naturopaths, scientists and journalists who oppose mercury in immunizations - NaturalNews.com HELP NEEDED: Azure Organic Farm in Oregon about to be forcibly mass poisoned with glyphosate by the county government - NaturalNews.com Federal government releases financial settlement figures for vaccine injuries, shattering media’s false claim that vaccines never harm anyone - NaturalNews.com Zinc lozenges proven to greatly speed recovery from colds and flu by 300% - NaturalNews.com Netflix bans “The Red Pill” movie because it contains too much TRUTH - NaturalNews.com This is what happens when you drink celery juice for one month - NaturalNews.com Question: what is trisodium phosphate and what is it doing in our food? Successful marriage depends on husband's attitude: Research The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement Australian parents who don’t vaccinate their children will be fined $14 per week by the authoritarian regime - NaturalNews.com Top seven fuels that feed the cancer 'fire' and mutate more cells The bombings have only just begun: “Progressive” Western civilization is slaughtering itself by foolishly appeasing those who seek to destroy it - NaturalNews.com Kathy Griffin sums up the deranged, violent, lunatic Left with video of the bloody, decapitated head of President Trump - NaturalNews.com Health Ranger SCIENCE: Horsetail herb prevents Alzheimer’s and dementia by removing toxic ALUMINUM from your body - NaturalNews.com 3 natural pain relievers that are as powerful as drugs, without the side effects 10 Survival trees EVERYONE should plant on their property - NaturalNews.com In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease CLAIM: Historic event to occur in the next six days that will end the rise of Trump and seize the future of America for totalitarian globalists Hillary Clinton video: THE WALKING DEAD... collapses into security van... 'medical event'... diagnosed with 'vascular dementia' and Parkinson's... 'one year left to live' says doctor Ten home remedies for fever - Natural ways to reduce a high fever and treat the flu using simple products found in most homes TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication - NaturalNews.com 10 health benefits of cucumbers Popular on Facebook 16K Indian state will pay farmers to go 100% organic and GMO-free 12K Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics 10K Washington Post goes “full treason” – fabricates entire story falsely claiming Trump won because of Russian hacks 8K US Court of Appeals: States and counties can ban GMO crops despite federal laws 6K The 7 most dangerous vaccines injected into humans and exactly why they cause more harm than good 6K Trump allowed Black homeless woman to live in Trump Tower for 8 years, rent free 4K In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated 3K Facebook rolls out plans to push GMOs by labeling anti-GMO stories ‘fake’ news 3K Food companies hiding harmful high fructose corn syrup under new name 3K Standing Rock victory in North Dakota as US Army Corps of Engineers revokes pipeline permits 3K TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication 3K Russian hack narrative revealed to be elaborate media hoax… email leaks actually came from Bernie Sanders insider 3K Facebook to become left-wing propaganda echo chamber with Orwellian plan to label independent journalism “fake” 3K Scam: No trace of Aloe Vera found in products at Walmart, CVS 2K Will President Trump dismantle dangerous vaccine mandates that harm children across America? 2K Medical scientists stunned as “magic mushroom” treatment found to heal mental illness… yet it remains illegal 2K Protesters at Dakota Pipeline have noticed unidentified crop dusters spraying chemicals over them late at night 2K Top doctors reveal that vaccines can trigger autoimmunity, turning our immune systems against us Advertise with NaturalNews... Health News Study finds CBD greatly slashes seizures in severe epilepsy cases (Naturalnews.com) Eating foods high in Omega 3s like salmon, mackerel, and sardines found to prevents Alzheimer's disease by boosting blood flow (Naturalnews.com) Hyperbaric oxygen therapy cures woman of stage-4 cancer (Naturalnews.com) Man dies from sepsis after swimming with new tattoo (Naturalnews.com) Monsanto quietly announces they are investing heavily in gene editing (Naturalnews.com) Autism risk 420% higher in vaccinated children vs. non-vaccinated, published science confirms (Naturalnews.com) Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... Read Archived NaturalNews Stories NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners. The War on Independent Media Has Begun A coordinated censorship attack is being waged against the entire independent media by Google, YouTube and Facebook. After we were banned by Google for nearly a week, now Facebook is deliberately blocking the sharing of our stories to further censor our important reporting for human freedom and medical choice. Soon, the only way we will be able to reach you is via email, and Google is sometimes blocking our email delivery to gmail users. Enter your email address below to subscribe to our email announcement list (but don't use gmail). Your privacy is protected and you can unsubscribe at any time. If you don't join our email list, you may never see our valuable content again via Facebook, Google or YouTube. CENSORSHIP has now reached EXTREME levels across the 'net. The truth is being suffocated. Subscribe now if you want to escape the delusional bubble of false reality being pushed by Google and Facebook. No thank you. Don't show this again. Already have it and love it! Once you click subscribe, we will send you an email asking you to confirm your free subscription.
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Local Government Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Trace Pickering, pioneer in learner-centered education, to keynote K-12 education track LEARN MORE Most Popular Most Recent Time Machine: Matsell’s Castle Farm News Track: Fatal Coggon shooting Pianist presents ‘unprecedented’ gift for Orchestra Iowa Another tryout camp in the books for C.R. RoughRiders Sewing smiles: Williamsburg group makes sock monkeys for pediatric patients At Cosby trial, a constellation of race, celebrity, power and gender converges Another tryout camp in the books for C.R. RoughRiders Putin calls U.S. election-meddling charge a ‘load of nonsense’ in Kelly interview For Iowa teens and summer jobs, now may be the time Hamilton, Blankenhorn go deep, Kernels sting Bees, 11-6 Case studies: How the new Cedar Rapids bus system will work Video Photo A route 9 bus sits at the Ground Transportation Center in Cedar Rapids on Monday, May. 22, 2017. (Stephen Mally/The Gazette) The Gazette May 28, 2017 at 1:00 am | Print View The Gazette analyzed four examples of public transit to and from high demand destinations. The below graphics compare the before and after changes in routes and schedules. Scenario one: Marion to NewBo It’s 4 p.m. and a rider wants to get from downtown Marion to NewBo City Market. New system: At 4:22 p.m., pick up the No. 20 Marion circulator at 10th Street and Seventh Avenue in Marion. to 4:22 p.m. Arrive at 4:30 p.m. at the Lindale Mall. at 4:30 p.m. At Lindale, pick up a transfer to the No. 5 bus at 4:35 p.m. Arrive at the Ground Transportation Center at 4:52 p.m. Take the No. 2 at 5:15 p.m. and get off along 12th Avenue SE about 5:20 p.m. Current system: At 4:40 p.m., pick up the 5N at Marion Square Park and arrive at the Ground Transportation Center at 5:10 p.m. Take the No. 9 at 5:20 p.m. and arrive at 12th Avenue SE and Third Street SE about 5:25 p.m. Result: Under the new system, the desired trip would take about 1 hour and 20 minutes, including 58 minutes in transit. The compares with about 1 hour and 25 minutes, including 45 minutes in transit, under the current system.   Scenario two: Kirkwood to SW Wal-Mart  It’s noon and a rider wants to get from Kirkwood Community College to Wal-Mart on 29th Avenue SW. New system: Pick up the No. 7 at 12:35 p.m. at Linn Hall and arrive at the Ground Transportation Center at 1:05 p.m. Transfer to the No. 10 at 1:15 p.m. and arrive at Wal-Mart at 1:35 p.m. Current system: Pick up the No. 7 at 12:45 p.m. and arrive at 1:10 p.m. at the Ground Transportation Center. Transfer to the No. 12 at 1:20 p.m. and arrive at Wal-Mart at 1:37 p.m. Result: Under the new system, the desired trip would take about 1 hour and 35 minutes, including 1 hour in transit. The compares with about 1 hour and 37 minutes, including 52 minutes in transit, in the current system.   Scenario three: Near Rockwell Collins to NE Wal-Mart  A rider is trying to get from a neighborhood near Blairs Ferry Road and C Avenue NE (near Rockwell Collins) to Wal-Mart on Blairs Ferry Road NE by 9 a.m. New system: Pick up the No. 30 circulator at 8:47 a.m. and arrive at Wal-Mart at 9 a.m. Current system: Pick up the 5B at Blairs Ferry and C Avenue at 6:30 a.m. and arrive at the Ground Transportation Center at 6:55 a.m. Transfer to the No. 6 at the Ground Transportation Center at 8:20 a.m. and arrive at Wal-Mart at 8:41 a.m. Result: Under the new system it would take about 13 minutes, compared with 2 hours and 11 minutes and then 19 minutes of waiting once you arrive under the current system.   Scenario four: 3000 J St. SW Apartments to SW Wal-Mart A rider wants to get from the J Street apartments to Wal-Mart on 29th Avenue SW by 1 p.m. New system: Pick up the No. 12 at 12:20 p.m. and arrive at Wal-Mart at 12:37 p.m. Current system: Pick up the No. 11 at 11:27 a.m. and arrive at the Ground Transportation Center at 12:10 p.m. Transfer to the No. 12 at 12:20 p.m. and arrive at Wal-Mart at 12:33 p.m. Result: Under the new system, it would take 17 minutes in transit and 23 minutes of waiting once you arrive. That compares with 1 hour and 6 minutes in transit and 27 minutes of waiting under the current system. Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Local Government articles One Park Place developer: 'We're still p ... Iowa City could see new workforce, affor ... Solon elects Lauren Whitehead to City Co ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, June 04, 2017, 11:16 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Wal-Mart pins its e-commerce hopes on Lore By Robbie Neiswanger This article was published May 28, 2017 at 2:11 a.m. Marc Lore, president and chief executive officer of Walmart eCommerce U.S. Comments aAFont Size Wal-Mart Chief Executive Officer and President Doug McMillon addresses shareholders during the company’s annual meeting in 2016. Wal-Mart employees wi... Marc Lore was in the crowd last June when Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Chief Executive Officer Doug Mc-Millon told shareholders and employees gathered in Northwest Arkansas that the company was embarking on a journey to “re-imagine retail.” Wal-Mart Chief Executive Officer and President Doug McMillon addresses shareholders during the company’s annual meeting in 2016. Wal-Mart employees wi... This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: Wal-Mart pins its e-commerce hopes on Lore Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Bankruptcy watch Wal-Mart details execs' pay, awards Wal-Mart tests Scan and Go app Sam's Club shows off brand reinvention Wal-Mart pins its e-commerce hopes on Lore Trucker program moves lost pets New living concept going up; Little Rock town... Wilmot farmer's granddaughter adapts to field Transit hubs major draws for developers More Business stories > Comments on: Wal-Mart pins its e-commerce hopes on Lore To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 'Executive privilege' to quiet Comey called an option (29 comments) Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (31 comments) 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack (6 comments) Pulled from reality (4 comments) 2 leaders affirm climate pledges (2 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (35 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Share 348 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-06-04 Wiz Khalifa’s Ex Amber Rose Dodges Million Dollar Lawsuit Entertainment 2017-06-02 Kandi Burruss Almost Left ‘Real Housewives Of Atlanta’ Because Of Phaedra Parks And Porsha Williams Entertainment 2017-06-02 Marilyn Monroe’s Home Sells Over Asking Price, But Is It Haunted By Her Ghost? Some Say Yes Entertainment 2017-06-02 Ariana Grande Manchester Concert: 10,000 People Fraudulently Attempt To Claim Free Tickets News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News, Rumors 2017-06-04 Kendall Jenner Dating Asap Rocky: Why Their Relationship Is Stronger Than Before News 2017-06-04 Kesha Records New Music With Eagles Of Death Metal, Dr. Luke No Longer The CEO Of Sony’s Kemosabe Records Opinion 2017-06-04 Despite Trump, People Are Still Working Towards Saving The Planet [Opinion] News 2017-06-04 Cash Freeman: Oklahoma Man Shoots And Kills Neighbor Who Was Trying To Drown Infant Twins Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-06-04 WWE Extreme Rules 2017 Results Wrestling 2017-06-04 Backstage News Regarding Future Of American Alpha, Jason Jordan Could Be Breakout Star Basketball 2017-06-04 NBA Mock Draft 2017: Report Places Lonzo Ball In Top Five, But Not Above Josh Jackson Wrestling 2017-06-04 Huge Spoiler For Jinder Mahal/Randy Orton Rivalry Heading Into Rematch Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-06-04 ‘Alien’ Yoga: The Newest Fitness Rage That Contorts Your Midsection In Otherworldly Way Lifestyle 2017-06-04 Seven Helpful Things To Do By Yourself Before Getting Married [Opinion] Beauty, Lifestyle 2017-06-04 Breaking The Internet & Stereotypes, Sudanese Model Nyakim Gatwech Is A Slap On Our Skin-Color Obsessed World Lifestyle 2017-06-03 June Is Adopt A Rescue Cat Month — Here’s What You Need To Know Before Bringing A Shelter Cat Home Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-06-03 June Is Alzheimer’s And Brain Awareness Month — Why People Are Displaying Purple And How You Can Show Support Health 2017-06-03 Ambrosia Offers Fountain Of Youth To Older Adults, New Treatment Can Potentially Reverse Aging Health 2017-06-03 Bradley Lowery’s Mother Reveals In Heartbreaking Facebook Post That The Five-Year-Old Has ‘Only Weeks To Live’ Health 2017-06-02 Flesh-Eating Bacteria Kills Man Who Took Swim After Getting New Tattoo Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-06-04 Valve Promises Low Fee For Steam Direct Gaming 2017-06-04 Top ‘Overwatch’ Player Hacks To Rank: DDOS Attacks Abound Gaming 2017-06-04 ‘Kingdom Hearts’ Orchestra World Tour Features Exclusive New Story Scenes, Concert Comes To U.S. This Summer Gaming 2017-06-04 ‘The Sims 4’ Pets DLC Rumor: New Leak Hints Horses Scrapped, November Release Date BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Newborn Horse Learns To Eat: Viral Photo Draws Crowd, Fun Facts About Newborn Horses Are Just As Captivating BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Portland Protests Update: Demonstrations Turn Violent At Pro-Trump, Alt-Right Rally BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Unfazed By Approaching Tornado, Canadian Man Trims Lawn BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Gyrating Drag Queen At Grade School Show Shocks And Peeves Off Parents — Video [Opinion] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Utah Mother Who Allegedly Locked Her Two Kids In The Trunk Of Her Car As She Shopped At Walmart Arrested Crime 348 0 0 May 27, 2017 Utah Mother Who Allegedly Locked Her Two Kids In The Trunk Of Her Car As She Shopped At Walmart Arrested Rahul Srinivas Tori Castillo, a resident of Riverdale, Utah, was arrested after she allegedly locked her two young kids in the trunk of her car and went shopping. According to a KTLA report, Castillo, a 39-year-old mother of two, drove to the local Walmart with her children on Thursday, May 25, 2017; parked the car in the parking lot; and then allegedly locked her kids aged 2 and 5 inside the trunk of the car and walked into Walmart to complete her shopping trip. However, Tori’s alleged act caught the attention of a bystander who decided to call 911 — who then informed the local police department about the rather disturbing incident. According to Lieutenant Casey Warren from the Riverdale Police Department, after they received the call from the good Samaritan, officers reached the parking lot within minutes and rescued the children. According to Lt. Warren, by the time responding officers reached there, the children had started making noises and were moving frantically inside the trunk in a bid to escape. The kids were reportedly desperately trying to get out of the trunk, and their repeated movements caused the vehicle to shake violently. A small crowd had gathered at the parking lot by then. With the help of several bystanders, the cops asked the 5-year-old kid inside the trunk not to panic and directed her to use the emergency latch inside the trunk to open it from the inside. The elder child was then able to successfully open the trunk much to everyone’s relief. Tori Castillo, who was still inside Walmart the entire time, was arrested a few minutes later when she came back outside following her shopping trip. Tori was also interrogated by the officers in the parking lot. Following Tori’s arrest, Officers from the Riverdale Police Department called the Child and Family Services who then took both the children under their care. Currently, both the children are under the care of a responsible party. Following a lengthy interrogation, Tori was booked into Weber County Jail and an investigation has been launched. Tori is likely to face multiple child abuse charges. However, authorities are also likely to evaluate her mental health condition before she is tried and eventually convicted for her actions. While several cases of parents and caretakers forgetting their kids inside hot cars, often leading to injuries and death, have been reported in the past, cases of parents who deliberately put their children at risk are less common. As of now, it is still not known whether Tori had deliberately forced her kids into the trunk of the car or if her actions were the result of some form of mental illness. Officers are still investigating all possible angles so that they can come to a believable conclusion. Justin Ross Harris, the father of a toddler who died after being in a hot car for seven hours [Image by Marietta Daily Journal, Kelly J. Huff, Pool/AP Images] Hot car deaths in the U.S. have been on the rise since the past few years. According to statistics from Jan Null, CCM, Department of Meteorology and Climate Science, San Jose State University, in 2017 alone there have been 11 deaths of children who were left inside cars. In 2016, 39 children died of the same cause. In fact, since the year 1998 — the year from which agencies started to collect data from heatstroke deaths of children left in hot cars — an astounding 709 children have died inside hot cars. On average, 37 kids in the U.S. die of heatstroke, many of them inside hot cars. In the most recent incident, two children from Texas, a 2-year-old and a 16-month-old, were found dead inside a car. Two children die after being locked in a hot car as Texas temperatures soared to 96 degrees, police say https://t.co/NhPoWKAOWV pic.twitter.com/pC22uRoERG — ABC News (@ABC) May 27, 2017 Both the kids were found locked inside the car. The children were identified as Juliet and Cavanaugh Ramirez. An investigation into the incident is still underway. [Featured Image by Weber County Sheriff’s Office/AP Images] Share 348 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Rahul Srinivas Tags: careless parents, hot car, parenting June 4, 2017 Ayesha Curry Photos: Steph Curry’s Wife Dropped 20 Pounds, Shows Off Trim New Figure June 4, 2017 Melania Trump Divorce Rumors: Alleged Affair With Hank Siemers Sparks New Rumors Of A Split Comments LATEST HEADLINES Is Ariana Grande Getting Married Soon? Pop Star Performs With Beau On June 4 Concert Wearing Engagement Ring Kendall Jenner: Why She’s Refusing To Dump A$ap Rocky Despite Hectic ‘KUWTK’ Career Brad Pitt Ecstatic To Be Single, Happy With Angelina Jolie Divorce — Couple Remain On Good Terms Newborn Horse Learns To Eat: Viral Photo Draws Crowd, Fun Facts About Newborn Horses Are Just As Captivating Portland Protests Update: Demonstrations Turn Violent At Pro-Trump, Alt-Right Rally Liberals Are More Upset About Paris Climate Agreement Than London Terrorist Attack [Opinion] ‘Alien Megastructure’ Star Not So Alien: Dimming Due To Giant Ringed Planet, Astronomers Posit Michael Giacchino, ‘Spider-Man: Homecoming’ Composer, Wrote ‘Rogue One’ Score In Nearly Four Weeks T.I. Spoiling Bernice Burgos For Affection Amid Claims Tiny Harris Wants To Reconcile Robby Hayes Joins ‘Bachelor In Paradise’ Cast: A Woman From His Past May Surprise Him In ‘Paradise’ Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories George Clooney Skips Humanitarian Award Ceremony To Be With Amal During The Childbirth 16.6k 0 0 Trump’s 11-Year-Old Son Thought Beheaded Image Was Real 17.3k 0 0 James Comey Testimony Could Be Blocked By White House, Raising Talk Of Impeachment 10.3k 0 0 House Ethics Complaints Filed Against Paul Ryan And Devin Nunes For Obstruction Of Justice 6.5k 0 0 Leah Remini And Kevin James Back Together: ‘King Of Queens’ Carrie Joins ‘Kevin Can Wait’ As Series Regular 8.4k 0 0 Kathy Griffin Breaks Down At Press Conference Over Photo: ‘Donald Trump Ruined My Life, But I Won’t Stop’ 8.4k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending Today’s Paper Subscriptions Newsletter Daily Deals Twin Cities Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending Traffic from up north snarls as bomb threat… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) OUR PICKS: Central getting cheated? New Woodbury cinema Crayola Experience stays Deer population is rising Wally McCarthy, 94, dies Lowertown seafood, sushi Hunting to get more pink Best patio dining 2017 News Crime & Police Traffic from up north snarls as bomb threat made at Minnesota Walmart Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By Forum News Service | PUBLISHED: May 29, 2017 at 9:08 pm | UPDATED: May 30, 2017 at 4:12 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Most Popular In a last text, she said, ‘Love you too.’ Then the St. Paul professional singer died in a car crash. Woman shot in chest while waiting in line at Pizza Luce Charley Walters: The way he’s hitting, Joe Mauer might have a .300 season for Twins Wally McCarthy, car-selling wizard of the Twin Cities, dies at 94 Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers go out with a bang on what could be their last tour Body found in Lake Minnetonka ID’d as Blaine man DETROIT LAKES, Minn. — Detroit Lakes police plan to analyze phone records as they investigate a bomb threat hoax that shut down Walmart on the city’s west edge on Memorial Day as vehicles were backed up along busy U.S. 10. Just after 1 p.m. Monday, the store received a phone call that, according to reports, alleged a bomb threat. Wal-Mart management directed an evacuation, according to protocol. Staff then contacted local authorities, who responded, placing the building on lockdown to conduct a thorough search. No mysterious packages were found while the Detroit Lakes Police Department, Becker County sheriff’s office, Minnesota Department of Natural Resources, Minnesota State Patrol, and Detroit Lakes Fire Department swept the area. Related Articles 12 arrested in London’s night of terror; IS claims attack Hennepin County jail inmate dead of apparent suicide 3 dead, 4 hospitalized after three crashes statewide Minnesota woman charged in crash that killed western Wisconsin teen Woman shot in chest while waiting in line at Pizza Luce The building was cleared of any threat just before 3 p.m., and the shoppers waiting in a line of cars backed up along Highway 10 during the incident were then allowed in the store. No injuries were reported. According to a press release from Detroit Lakes Police Chief Steven Todd, law enforcement plans to analyze the calls and also statements from Wal-Mart staff to locate the caller. The person or people responsible could be charged with terroristic threats, a felony. Tags:  Crime Minnesota As you comment, please be respectful of other commenters and other viewpoints. Our goal with article comments is to provide a space for civil, informative and constructive conversations. We reserve the right to remove any comment we deem to be defamatory, rude, insulting to others, hateful, off-topic or reckless to the community. See our full terms of use here. View Comments blog comments powered by Disqus More in Crime & Police St. Paul police officers swing by boy’s 5th birthday party June 03, 2017, 4:24 pm It was shortly after 11 a.m. when two police vehicles rolled to a stop on a leafy street in St. Paul’s Mac-Groveland neighborhood. While that’s usually not a sight most people want to see, 5-year-old Miles Westra couldn’t have been more excited. Read More First cut for Jeronimo Yanez jury is done. Here's who remains June 03, 2017, 2:46 pm After four days of sometimes intense questioning, 23 out of 50 potential jurors have been selected to move on to the final round of jury selection in the manslaughter trial of St. Anthony police officer Jeronimo Yanez. Read More Minnesota woman charged in crash that killed western Wisconsin teen June 03, 2017, 1:38 pm HUDSON, Wis. — St. Croix County prosecutors charged a Minnesota woman with homicide by vehicle in the aftermath of an October crash that left a Beldenville teenager dead. In addition to the charge of homicide by negligent operation of a vehicle, Big Lake resident Makellia S. Jensen faces four more felonies stemming from the incident: methamphetamine possession and three counts... Read More Blaine motorist gets 10 years for fatally striking man standing at his mailbox June 02, 2017, 9:54 pm A judge on Friday ordered a 10-year prison sentence for a 28-year-old man who sped through a Blaine neighborhood last spring and fatally struck a man standing by his mailbox. According to the Anoka County attorney’s office, District Judge Daniel O’Fallon sentenced Adam Joseph Rodman, of Blaine, to 120 months, with 393 days of jail credit. O’Fallon said he looked... Read More At parents’ request, judge blocks release of Wetterling documents June 02, 2017, 6:12 pm ST. CLOUD, Minn. — A judge on Friday blocked Monday’s scheduled release of documents from the 1989 abduction and killing of Jacob Wetterling at the request of his parents. Patty and Jerry Wetterling sued for a temporary restraining order to keep the investigative file private, at least until a judge can review documents that they say hold personal information about... Read More Wrong-way driver dies after causing pair of crashes in Duluth, Minn. June 03, 2017, 11:08 am Authorities on Saturday identified the wrong-way driver who died after causing a pair of freeway crashes in Duluth, Minn., on Friday as a 77-year-old man from the Twin Cities metro area. The Minnesota State Patrol said Dennis Edlund of Centerville, died after colliding with two vehicles while driving a Hyundai Sonata the wrong way in the Duluth-bound lanes of the... Read More Today’s Paper Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Home News Sports Opinion Things to Do Obituaries Weather Lottery Commenting rules Special Advertising Sections Classifieds Autos Homes Jobs Careers Contact Us Customer service Newsroom Contacts Advertise with us Photo reprints Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad REVEALED: Killer jihadi, 27, 'radicalized by YouTube' was known to British police and was filmed arguing with cops after unfurling ISIS flag in a park one year before London Bridge terror attack 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologizes to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her voice... after criticizing her for jetting home following Manchester attack I saw three jihadis shot dead - bang, bang, bang: Dramatic pictures taken by eyewitness who was just yards away show moment eight police cut down terrorists in a hail of 50 bullets  'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry': Ariana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim said to her during Manchester concert US Ambassador breaks ranks with Trump to PRAISE Mayor Sadiq Khan after the president criticized the London mayor for his response to capital's terror attack How dare the US say 'we are reeling': They know nothing of our resilience, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Family pay tribute to Canadian woman killed in terror attack who volunteered at homeless shelters 'Alarmist blowhard' Trump faces furious backlash over his tweet condemning London Mayor just hours after London terror attack Former New York Knicks head coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing and flipping his car with Basketball Wives star girlfriend Gloria Govan in the passenger seat Fed up with having horrible arguments at home? Relationship coach reveals the one word that will defuse EVERY marital row (and it's not 'sorry') Hero neighbor shoots knife-wielding father dead as he tries to drown his three-month-old twin babies in the bathtub  Smash hit Wonder Woman makes $101.4MILLION over the weekend as it becomes highest-grossing film by a female director EVER Mayor de Blasio reveals hero NYPD cop who was dragged for two and a half blocks by 15-year-old in stolen vehicle is fighting for his life 'His toenails were so long they clicked on the floor like a dog': People reveal why they REALLY dumped their ex in brutally honest online confessions Lost kayakers are rescued after FOUR DAYS lost in the wilderness when search team spots their giant SOS written in the sand London jihadi was 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as he asked a neighbor about hiring a truck: Father of two, who hid his hated of Western values behind 'nice guy' mask, tried to 'radicalize children' PIERS MORGAN: British Prime Minister Theresa May talks tough now but what did she do when she was in charge of the Home Office? She cut police numbers by 20,000. And now we're paying the price in blood. The detective's notes that suggest suspect was known to terror police: Hand written comments show person involved in the investigation was 'interrogated' by police last year  'Islamophobia hasn't killed anyone': Australia's former PM slams officials for soft response to terror as he calls for 'shoot-to-kill' commando units to guard against Australian attacks 'He looked like a f*****g Muslim terrorist': Straight-talking Australian describes how he was stabbed in the neck by London jihadi on his LAST night in the UK before flying home  Hero journalist who tweeted 'it isn't happening on my watch' before using his martial arts skills to tackle London Bridge terrorists now CANNOT SPEAK after being stabbed in the neck  ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge attack with sick posts vowing more terror  'I saw a man carrying knives and I just started running. He was less than 10ft behind me': Trainee nurse, 19, reveals terrifying escape from London attacker  'Don't confuse grief with lack of courage': Britain hits back against New York Times claims nation is 'still reeling from Manchester terror'  Previous Next Mother-of-two 'locked her kids aged five and two inside of her car trunk so she could go shopping at Walmart' Tori Lee Castillo, 39, was jailed on suspicion of child abuse Good Samaritans heard banging and crying from inside of a trunk parked at the Walmart in Riverdale, Utah They talked an older child into opening the trunk with an emergency latch The children, ages two and five, are now with their father By Kiri Blakeley For Dailymail.com Published: 15:00 EDT, 27 May 2017 | Updated: 04:07 EDT, 30 May 2017 e-mail 409 shares 327 View comments Mother Tori Lee Castillo, 39, was charged with child abuse after allegedly locking her two young kids in a trunk while she shopped A Utah mother has been jailed on suspicion of child abuse after cops say she locked her two young children in her car's trunk while she went inside a Walmart store to shop. Tori Lee Castillo, 39, remains jailed on suspicion of child abuse after being arrested Thursday around 6pm in Riverdale, Utah when she returned to the car. Witnesses in the parking lot heard two children, ages two and five, making noise from inside the trunk and saw the Chevrolet sedan shaking, according to ABC 4.  Stunned onlookers talked the five-year-old through how to open the trunk by using the emergency latch. They also called 911.  Castillo was reportedly driving this Chevrolet sedan (above) and allegedly locked her two kids in its trunk The shocking incident happened in the parking lot of the Riverdale, Utah Walmart According to Castillo's Facebook page, the older child is a boy, the youngest a girl.  'Several Good Samaritans observed this and came to the aid of the children,' said Police Lt. Casey Warren, according to the Deseret News.  One of the witnesses, Charity Maw, said she was in the parking lot when she heard crying and pounding coming from the trunk. 'I was shocked, I was shaken, and I was mad,' she told ABC 4. 'And there's two kids there, tears coming down their face. Bawling. They were scared. The little girl's voice. Just screaming, 'Let me out! I’m scared.'' Witness Charity Maw said when the trunk was opened, the two children were 'bawling' and 'scared' RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Three-week-old baby girl is killed in her home by a pit bull... Man, 30, is charged with murder of Chicago actress and... Share this article Share 'I wouldn't lock a dog in a trunk, let alone a kid,' said Maw.  Another witness told KSTU that when Castillo returned to the scene, she said her babysitter had failed to show. 'It’s never right to lock a child inside of a vehicle, let alone a trunk of a vehicle. Obviously there’s a lot of things that could go wrong,' Warren told the outlet. 'The fumes from the cars passing by, they could suffer carbon monoxide poisoning. Warren says the state child welfare was contacted. ABC 4 reports that the children are in the custody of their father.  Castillo has not yet been officially charged.  Read more: Woman arrested after allegedly locking kids in trunk while shopping | Deseret News Police: Woman locked kids in trunk while shopping at Walmart - Share or comment on this article e-mail 409 shares Most watched News videos High school student goes on profanity-laced rant at a teacher Horrifying moment collapsed cesspool fatally drags worker inside Hillary Clinton has coughing fit at Wellesley College Ex-DNC chair threatens 'consequences' if laptop isn't returned Shocking video appears to show cop punching 14-year-old girl FBI and Coast Guard investigating disappearance of newlywed NBC gives a sneak peek at Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly Nikko Jenkins is sentenced to death for killing four people 'Bunnyranch terrorist!' Dennis Hof declares in twitter video Prisoner picks up another inmate and hurls him over walkway Restaurant employee arrested after pulling waitress by her ponytail Brazen thieves rob a California Apple store in broad daylight 'No one knows what happened to me': Missing girl who... Man, 30, is charged with murder of Chicago actress and... Horrified mother finds her six-month-old son's casket... How is the state of YOUR spelling? From 'pneumonia' to... High school senior is accepted to 149 colleges and... Husband to start his own search for his wife who vanished... 'She was a demon': Heroin-addict ex-boyfriend of Baby... Horrifying moment married father-of-two is captured on... Texas cop is caught on camera repeatedly punching a girl,... On track for the Jersey Shore: Two tagged great white... 'Were you raised by wolves?' Wisconsin Governor Scott... If you knew what I knew about terrorism, you'd never... Girl, two, and her sixteen-month-old brother are found... 'This is BS. That's why I called ICE': Texas lawmaker... Survivor, 20, of Pulse massacre, who carried a friend... Mom is 'slashed in the face' by a homeless woman in front... Father of girl grabbed by sea lion hits back at pier... Inside the secret apartment at Radio City Music Hall... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 327 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Young family  Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Touching words  'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologizes to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her  after criticizing her for jetting home following Manchester attack What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Both the models dressed down  Dressed to the nines! The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala  'Do not be afraid': Ariana Grande's heroic mother Joan shares empowering message as she joins fans in the crowd at One Love concert in Manchester  'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Adriana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim  Ariana Grande sparks confusion by sporting dazzling rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at Manchester tribute  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Everyone is smiling  Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Appears to take aim at the natural beauty Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Wiped off the sweat from her face  Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Attended a service  That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Clearly enjoys showing off her workouts Booty-ful moves! Iggy Azalea shows off her stunning figure in red leotard while writhing onstage at awards show in Mexico City All eyes on her  Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Unconventional parenting Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards Started off the red carpet in style Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals Modern Family star is a staunch activist  'As a father, this has made me truly sad': David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' of Manchester as he sends poignant video message to One Love concert Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her Wowed the crowd with their hit Where Is The Love? Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Fergie, 42, looked super in black skinny jeans  'I've got an emotional depth greater than two years ago': Hunger Games star Sam Claflin reveals fatherhood made him a better actor Life changing  Australian actor Hugh Sheridan claims he and Rebel Wilson visited a 'secret apartment' in Disneyland after the actress said she was related to Walt Disney Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Touching scenes Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Resident Evil star Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Lifestyle mogul's had a day out  Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Showing off her stunning figure Dressed to the nines! Ivanka Trump looks stunning in a red gown as she heads to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Looked regal  'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh Parents to two girls  Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Reality star radiated glamour and celebrity Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Can enjoy some time off Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City Is on a break from shooting Younger  Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe He's had his hands full  Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program It's never too late  Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am forgets what city he's in at Manchester terror concert as he greets crowd by saying 'What's up London?'  Pippa Middleton's brother-in-law Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his girlfriend Vogue Williams is in Spain  Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at Ariana Grande's One Love concert in Manchester but fans are disappointed brother Noel does not join him  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilization after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort in Australia  Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Turned heads in London They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin on Twitter and  insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Quirky look  They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Stunning blondes  How Cary Grant took acid to get over his issues with women: Famed actor took 100 LSD pills over the course of THREE YEARS to counter his struggles Former Knicks coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing his car with Basketball Wives star girlfriend Gloria Govan in the passenger seat Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Enviable figure  Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Grabbed attention  'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' She is expecting twins in the coming weeks  'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets with fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert  Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy was one of the first to pay tribute  Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving Craig's Princess Charlene exudes glamor in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for his water bike challenge  Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica The pair went incognito for a romantic evening  Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage She has a sizzling Ora about her! Rita sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy shoot His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht with husband Rod Stewart, 72 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in her PAJAMAS Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil as family label her actions unforgivable' Crocodile safaris, kangaroo for dinner and only wallabies for company: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' remote luxury outback love nest 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Hidden message? 'People can't tell us apart!' Kim Zolciak, 39, admonishes Brielle, 20, after she jokes her mom 'looks 40' Brielle Biermann incited the wrath of her mom Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Loved-up couple  Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Kate Beckinsale keeps it casual in tight black leggings as she showcases her svelte physique Rumored to be getting cozy with Jon Hamm  Sheer madness! Joanna Krupa reveals her toned stomach in body hugging black gown Turned heads on the red carpet  Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Teen Mom star Farrah Abraham sports long blonde hair as she spends the day with her daughter Sophia Had a big day in the Big Apple  Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in London ABS-olutely fabulous! Braless Miley Cyrus highlights her svelte figure in crop top with shorts and denim jacket Flashed her flat stomach in a white crop top Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has made him a 'changed man' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with tradition by donning a wedding ring James, 41, has donned a gold band to show his devotion  Scott Disick, 34, cuddles up to topless Australian model, 21, as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Where the bloody hell was she? Lara Bingle 'arrives 45 minutes late' to Tiffany & Co. launch in before 'clocking off and refusing to speak to journalists' Those boots aren't made for walking! Iggy Azalea showcases some VERY extravagant floral thigh-highs in a plunging silky white gown  Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Spotted in Hollywood  Classic LBD with a twist! Zendaya wows in black dress with pearl detailing for Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The 20-year-old stepped out in an elegant gown  Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Teen Mom OG's Ryan Edwards checks into rehab... after ex Maci Bookout revealed she was terrified he might OD He is doing well  'I've been let go!' Kevin Can Wait star Erinn Hayes dropped from second season as Leah Remini joins the cast Will not be returning for the second season  Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she spends the day with friends The Bad Liar beauty is visiting the East Coast Ariana Grande 'set to perform tear-jerking duet of Where Is The Love? with The Black Eyed Peas' at star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit  The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan They just spent last week in Mexico together 'Night Time!' Lindsay Lohan wears an unzipped dress as she poses atop her bed for saucy Instagram snap Shared a provocative picture 'Seal found your musical G-spot!' Delta Goodrem bursts into laughter at Boy George's VERY risqué joke during The Voice Australia live  Controversial remark Former Australian Bachelor contestant Tiffany Scanlon showcases her taut abs in a tiny red bikini as she reveals the secret behind her new six pack 'I went from eating at the White House to sleeping in the bushes': Child star Willie Aames reveals his 'stupid decisions' led to him losing everything 'She was standing there and I fell in love': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out their $6.4million country estate... because 'the roof colors don't match' Have halted work I want candy! Angelina Jolie treats kids Shiloh and Vivian to roller skating as daughter Zahara is seen with giant box of Hot Tamales Doting mother  Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills She oozed style  'Lost for words but currently safe': Ruby Rose and girlfriend Jessica Origliasso are in lockdown as they're caught in the middle of London terror attack 'Getting into her zone': Coco Austin takes daughter Chanel, one, to Ice-T's concert... and dances along backstage Attended her husband Ice-T's concert Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony  'He is not feeling great': An exhausted Scott Disick returns to Los Angeles after a raucous week of partying as it's claimed he's 'ready to shape up' Now that's an arrival! Ice-T and Coco Austin are MOBBED by fans as they jet into Sydney with daughter Chanel They have both arrived in Australia  Ready for summer! Reese Witherspoon looks girly in gingham as she enjoys a day of shopping with husband Jim Married for six years Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Tied the knot to the TBS executive  Baby on the way! Mad Men's Ben Feldman's wife Michelle Mulitz reveals her bump on the red carpet Attended the 16th Annual Chrysalis Butterfly Ball 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' A 63-year-old beauty  'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat Known as the gorgeous blonde heiress 'I proposed to the love of my life': Former Dallas Cowboys quarterback and Hall of Famer Troy Aikman gets engaged to girlfriend Capa Mooty Alexandra Daddario keeps low profile in baggy ensemble after enjoying a tiki cruise with friends Looked a little worse for wear 'They've gotten even closer': Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk speak 'several times a day' as actor works away from home following daughter's birth 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Superstar bared-all for video  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball Oscar winner did not disappoint  'Think she's fond of my leg hair?' Bella Thorne's kitten snuggles into teen's unshaven pins Took to Instagram to announce that she had fallen ill GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since Big birthday bash  Just do it! Bella Hadid flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms The 20-year-old stepped out for a work commitment  Breaking Bad star Aaron Paul can't keep his hands of wife Lauren Parsekian as they pack on the PDA while he films new movie in Italy That's Amore Priyanka Chopra reveals her svelte physique in a polka dot sundress at the Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Finished her promo tour for Baywatch Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Unhappy  Christie's girl! Sailor Brinkley-Cook lets her natural beauty shine as she poses for magazine Let her natural radiance shine through for the latest issue 'We all might just make out': Orange Is The New Black star Yael Stone outlines VERY raunchy Wentworth crossover Lust-driven outline for a spin-off 'Beach bound!' Kim Zolciak shows off impressive figure on family Bahamas vacation... as brave son Kash helps stray one month after dog attack Night and day! Emma Roberts is transformed as she steps out in costume while filming Little Italy The beauty was clad in a patent leather black coat Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel 'This goes down as a classic': Lupita Nyong'o raves over new Wonder Woman movie in heartfelt review She wholeheartedly agrees Justin Bieber jets into Germany clutching onto his skateboard ahead of performance at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester benefit concert 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  'I was probably self-medicating: Kiwi singer Lorde reveals she went through a bout of heavy drinking after breaking up with ex-boyfriend White hot! Nicole Murphy puts her ample assets on display in low-cut frock for Women of Excellence Awards Gala Graced the red carpet  'Obsessed!' Heather Morris and son Owen tuck in as they celebrate National Donut Day May still be reeling from her baffling elimination from DWTS Plait looks fun! Bella Thorne rocks tiny shorts and braids as she steps out with her party posse She was seen with her rumored on again boyfriend Gregg Sulkin  Horsing around! Nicky Hilton Rothschild wows in green silk dress at Veuve Cliquot Polo Classic Kendall Jenner was also there Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Gregg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs Thousands of fans lined the streets of Macon Disgraced Josh Duggar makes return to social media in post celebrating his four-year-old son Marcus' birthday two years after sex scandal Flaunting her Cannes tan! Bella Hadid showcases her endless legs in shorts and cut-out top during photoshoot Strutted her stuff  Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills Is she trying to get her sister in trouble? Heidi Klum, 43, stuns in a simple maxidress as she leaves Mykonos with beau Vito Schnabel, 30, after soaking up the sun on the Greek island Tanned and relaxed Wild things! Emmy Rossum and Sam Esmail share images from their honeymoon safari in Rwanda The loved up couple hared a slew of shots  No sunburn for her! Nicole Kidman keeps her pale skin under cover in a long-sleeved dress at Veuve Clicquot's Polo Classic at Liberty State Park 9021-whoah! Rachel McCord (almost) bares all in a VERY daring embellished jacket as she attends the Hollywood premiere of All About The Money Move over Kim! Kris Jenner, 61, wears see-through lace top and bra for dinner outing with Jada Pinkett Smith Flaunted her incredible figure  Proud to be in the pink: It's the color which used to make feminists see red - but now today's top women dress in Millennial Pink to signal empowerment  Jennifer Garner looks in high spirits as she picks up daughter Violet, 11, from school in navy shift dress... after ex Ben Affleck finally moves belongings out  We Belong Together! Mariah Carey and her recently rekindled flame Bryan Tanaka put on an amorous display at a dinner date  Couldn't be separated  EXCLUSIVE: Actor Alan Cummings is pleading for the release of his former chimpanzee co-star Tonka from 'cockroach-infested' primate foundation  Naughty and nice! Sophia Bush shows off her cleavage in a flirty lace dress at film festival gala in Connecticut  Pamela Anderson shows off her famous curves in a white bardot dress during  post-dinner walk with a male friend in St Tropez Fabulous in France  Just like dad! Tom Brady brings mini me son Jack to charity football game The 39-year-old NFL superstar looked every bit the proud father  'I sit there in awe': Seal reveals his 'deep affection' for The Voice co-star Delta Goodrem after announcing he 'loved' her The Voice Australia stars She's a City Girl! Rosario Dawson joins creator Sarah Ramos and Busy Philipps for a table read of Internet hit Three actresses couldn't stop smiling  'It was definitely not a comfortable day': Vanessa Williams, 54, rued having to wear bikini for first day on Daytime Divas (despite looking AMAZING) Manchester gets ready to rock and remember: Final preparations under way for tomorrow night's One Love benefit concert at Old Trafford  Just a day away  'We wouldn't have made the same choice': Wonder Woman director Patty Jenkins admits her 'heart sank' when Gal Gadot was originally cast Touchdown! Olivia Culpo and NFL star boyfriend Danny Amendola coordinate in red for charity football game Tom Brady's event Is that you Elle? Reese Witherspoon channels her ditzy Legally Blonde character in vibrant pink summer dress from her very own range 'This is the scariest building I've ever seen! WTF goes on inside?' Tom Hanks posts a photo of mysterious almost windowless Manhattan tower  Right on the Munn-ey! Braless Olivia stuns in Daisy Dukes as she puts on leggy display in lace up gladiator heels Treated herself to a new hair style Both of Bill Cosby's 'wives' will be at trial: Disgraced comedian's real-life partner of 50 years Camille and his TV spouse Phylicia Rashad will be in court  Pretty Little Liar star Ashley Benson goes braless as she reveals midriff in crop top while out in Beverly Hills Rocked the revealing ensemble  Coyote ugly! Kanye West wants to design Calabasas High School sports uniforms... but only if he can rename them the Wolves Joanna Krupa puts on a busty display in plunging white playsuit as she enjoys dinner in West Hollywood She recently split from husband Romain Zago Queen of green! Hailey Baldwin catches the eye in a quirky emerald tracksuit and stiletto heels as she steps out for coffee Cut a confident look Sudden departure! Stylish Justin Theroux leaves NY for LA ahead of The Leftovers final ever episode The 45-year-old cut a stylish traveler look Check mate! Lindsay Lohan blows a kiss as she dines out in stylish monochrome jacket... after admitting she 'misses' her Hollywood lifestyle Make-up free Julianne Moore cuts a casual figure as she rocks pajama couture in rare outing with husband Stepped out for lunch in New York 'I am basically a witch': Lorde reveals fascination with witchcraft as singer claims she has connected with the ghost of David Bowie Sheer perfection! The Mummy star Annabelle Wallis reveals her bra in a daring see-through top as she dines out in London Flashed her toned body He's scored! Proud Kim Sears celebrates husband Andy Murray's win against Juan Martin Del Potro at French Open Putting in the leg work! Alessandra Ambrosio catches the eye in thigh-skimming minidress as she attends Madrid fashion launch Turning heads in Spain  Bruce Springsteen's showjumping daughter Jessica displays her equestrian skills as she competes at the Athina Onassis Horse Show in St Tropez Black is the New Orange: Ruby Rose cuts a low-key figure as she touches down in London in a sombre hoodie and shades All grown up! Raven-Symone and Anneliese van der Pol reprise their best friend roles in new trailer for Disney's Raven's Home New trailer Lottie Moss displays her enviably toned pins in ruffled floral romper as she enjoys night out with Scott Disick's rumored flame Ella Ross Cuter couture! Orlando Bloom proudly rocks adorable T-shirt designed by his six-year-old son Flynn He has his own personal designer 'There's a place for outright silliness right now': Comedian Steve Carell says moviegoers need a balance of lighthearted comedy and reality  Sofia Vergara cuts a casual figure in off-the-shoulder top and ripped jeans while shopping in LA The 44-year-old star looked casual cool 'I didn't want a number': Tom Cruise reveals Top Gun sequel will be called Top Gun: Maverick Sequel to the 1986 action film Top Gun Sheerly amazing! Lorde takes the stage in black see-through top for star-studded Governor's Ball in New York City Revealing outfit Goddess in green! Isla Fisher cuts a chic figure in emerald leather-look jacket as she speaks at Children's Book and Author breakfast in New York Black Eyed Peas frontman will.i.am claims reports Fergie left the group are 'lies' and says she's focusing on solo work False rumors  Right on Target! Halsey dons a blue wig as she surprises diehard fans with impromptu meet-and-greet at LA store Blending in with the locals! Kelly Rowland sports camouflage jacket as she spends day in Sydney with family and husband Tim Weatherspoon Revealed: The full list of 100 super-rich British stars in $900million tax relief scheme includes The Beckhams, Robbie Williams, and Geri Halliwell Changing seasons! Lily Aldridge switches up summery red dress for fall pantsuit for Vogue shoot in New York Wowed in a hot-weather dress  Hello sunshine! Gigi Hadid gives just a peek at her toned tum in form-fitting bright yellow two-piece number She's used to having all eyes on her Still a Pretty Woman! Evergreen Julia Roberts stuns as she goes casual cool in bomber jacket over blouse for Malibu photoshoot Ageless beauty Kathy Griffin loses remainder of her tour gigs in wake of Donald Trump severed head scandal after dramatic press conference Celebrity Run-Ins Tour  I feel like a rock star after meeting Ariana Grande, says eight-year-old bomb victim who was visited in hospital by pop star and Prince William     DON'T MISS Ring of steel set to protect 50,000 fans: Huge security operation in place as Ariana Grande pays tribute to Manchester victims 22 people died Pretty as a petal! Maggie Gyllenhaal dons chic floral jacket and trouser combination at New York premiere of The Deuce Fashionable actress Kendall Jenner looks runway ready in coordinating striped top and wide leg pants for a day out in New York Wore a ribbed top and wide leg trousers 'They were serious': Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay 'dated NBA star Kevin Durant when they were in college' They both attended The University of Texas Back to family life! Kourtney Kardashian takes Mason and Penelope to the movies after living it up at the Cannes Film Festival Showed of her tummy 'My hairdresser is better than your hairdresser!' Model Simone Holtznagel flaunts her freshly-styled mane after a trip to the stylist She Dunn ever disappoint! Supermodel mother Jourdan looks sensational as she shoots an editorial in New York City Stunning outfits  Kelly Rowland tells critics to BACK OFF Delta Goodrem amid complaints about her 'bulls**t theatrics' on The Voice Australia  On the floor! Jennifer Lopez, 47, gets a helping hand up from her dancers after bending a little TOO far backward during her Las Vegas show No Blindspots! Jaimie Alexander reveals her toned tummy as she rocks crop top and tight black leather pants Seen in a revealing ensemble ABS-olutely fabulous! Karrueche Tran flaunts her midriff in vintage crop top with ripped jeans for lunch outing Stepped out for lunch at Mauro's restaurant Former Bachelorette star Trista Sutter, 44, suffers seizure and collapses in front of her children while on vacation in Croatia Scary ordeal Kathy Griffin breaks down in tears claiming Trump family ruined her life - as her lawyer scoffs at report Barron was upset over severed head video  Izabel Goulart shows off her incredible abs and pert posterior in nautical thong bikini as she enjoys Ibiza beach holiday with footballer beau Kevin Trapp Moms unite! Jessica Alba and Jenna Dewan-Tatum bring glam to the beach for Baby2Baby benefit Businesswomen and mothers Super mom! Zoe Saldana reveals toned tummy in crop top while picking up two-year-old twins from school Revealed her enviable midriff  Dill-igent mama to be! Pregnant Heidi Montag chomps down on a pickle to satisfy her cravings in middle of grocery store Five months pregnant Adriana Lima emphasizes her pins in colorful leggings... after diamond ring Instagram declaring 'I AM MARRIED TO ME' Out and about in Miami Extra extra! Drew Barrymore goes Boho in billowing rainbow maxi to hand out copies of her new publication Stepped into the world of publishing Ciao bella! Blogger Natasha Oakley flaunts her ample cleavage in a bikini as she soaks up the sun on lavish Italian getaway Bikini blogger Back in black! 13 Reasons Why's Katherine Langford dons an understated ensemble as she is swarmed by fans at Sydney airport 'Dog walkers on deck!' Kendall Jenner's Mew joins Mariah Carey's Cha Cha and Chloe Grace Moretz's Pearl in Wag club Furry friends Back so soon? Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi returns to Instagram just NINE hours after vowing to quit social media Couldn't stay away Good enough to eat! Padma Lakshmi looks delectable in crocheted swimsuit on the cover of Beach magazine She graced the new cover of Beach Having a ball! Bikini-clad Coleen Rooney shows off her stunning body as she cradles son Kit during family trip to Barbados with husband Wayne Basketball Wives: LA star Laura Govan's home burglarized as thieves take $700,000 in cash and jewelry from her Southern California property Shy guy! Zac Efron keeps a low profile in blue hoodie for return to LA... after showing off pole dancing skills on Graham Norton Show He's not usually shy 'She's gone into serious detail': Kylie Minogue 'to spill the beans' on Joshua Sasse split in new album... after music helped her through 'very tough time' 'I live for donuts!' Hunger Games star Liam Hemsworth gets VERY excited while driving dirt bike around in circles Miley Cyrus' fiance It's a boy! Actress Lake Bell welcomes her second child with Scott Campbell She and her tattoo artist husband already have daughter Nova, aged two Inspiring, indeed! Lea Michele shows off toned figure in tight floral dress at the Inspiration Awards in LA She was presenting an award at the ceremony All that's missing is a yacht! Mad Men vet January Jones pulls off nautical look at Inspiration Awards... after trashing Donald Trump on Instagram Chris Cornell's toxicology report shows he had a cocktail of strong sedatives and four Ativan pills in his system when he killed himself  Justin Bieber shows off his heavily tattooed chest and touches his nipples after hugging a bikini girl by a swimming pool in New York Having fun in the sun Soldiering on! Gwyneth Paltrow steps out still on her medical boot as she chats with a pal in Santa Monica First spotted in it just over a week ago Her own best advertisement! Khloe Kardashian strikes a sensual pose to model her newest figure-hugging Good American jeans Platell's People: Diana would tell William and Harry 'don't look back in anger' William has spoken of the agony of walking behind Diana's coffin Ready for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she jets off to see her boyfriend Said to be 'head over heels' in love Diane Keaton 'hates' her figure: Actress, 71, whose nude film scenes were meant to empower older women admits using designer clothes to cover up her body  The moment executive in charge of Apple Music 'yelled at Rihanna to sit down at the NBA Finals' Singer was animated at game, even heckling Kevin Durant Summer chic! Elle Fanning delights in white strapless dress as she steps out with mystery man in NYC Spotted out and about in New York City Twinning is winning! Coco Austin puts her daughter Chanel in a matching T-shirt... as the tot has a CC logo on her back In Australia with Ice-T Pippa Middleton's $150,000 Moneymoon: Newlywed's vacation featured $320 kangaroo lunch, pricey bikinis galore and 15-minute flight costing $650  They're Down with it! Fifth Harmony wow as they debut their first single without Camila Cabello on GMA Four remaining members of the band Lena Dunham carries a walker into her apartment as she continues to recover from the complications of endometriosis surgery Brandy explains 'exhaustion' from constant travel is the reason she fell unconscious on Delta flight out of LA and was later hospitalized Charli XCX flashes her toned stomach in crop top as she puts on a leggy display in tiny shorts during New York City concert Took center stage 'He's a special person!': Renee Zellweger gushes about boyfriend Doyle Bramhall while attending film gala with her brother Andrew Chilling out! Emma Stone looks relaxed in striped blouse and jeans as she enjoys down time after wrapping The Favourite La La Land star EXCLUSIVE: Carmelo Anthony is 'fuming' over Chris Rock's bold pass at basketball star's estranged wife La La Anthony - but she says she was 'flattered'  'Those are the children you raised': Kendall Jenner sounds off against Caitlyn 'dissing the Kardashians' in her tell-all memoir Accused her of lying Style Swoon: From bag silhouette Kendall Jenner keeps wearing to Alexa Chung's stylish new line, FEMAIL reveals fashions we're loving this week It's only crock 'n' roll! Youngest Stone is 70 (and now they all need support acts!)  All needed a guiding arm as they left Wood's 70th birthday bash Gretchen Carlson reveals she was shunned by her closest friends and coworkers after she accused Roger Ailes of firing her for refusing sex Married at First Sight star reveals his desperation to give his wife her first orgasm, after having sex with her regularly for three weeks with no luck Dawn of justice! Gal Gadot steps out of New York hotel make-up free as her film Wonder Woman is expected to take US box office by storm Girls night out: Lisa Rinna and Harry Hamlin's stylish daughters Delilah and Amelia step out in eye-catching outfits in Los Angeles No clashes here! Vanessa Williams glows while joined by her glamorous Daytime Divas co-stars during Nasdaq MarketSite event in NYC Beauty guru Michelle Phan posts first video in months, admitting how her growing obsession with vanity and money led to her depression YouTube beauty vlogger Pregnant Serena Williams showcases her blossoming bump as she watches French Open tennis... after revealing she does not know baby's gender Dirty Baby! Tyga's rumored former fling Demi Rose looks bootylicious as she steps out in a slogan crop top in Ibiza Put on a busty display Prom time! Teresa Giudice glows as her eldest daughter Gia, 16, looks pretty for high school dance... while dad Joe serves three years in prison Jon Hamm discusses his breakup from  Jennifer Westfeldt as he admits he may be a 'narcissist'... after 'getting cozy' with Kate Beckinsale Beaming Lily Collins looks every inch the gym bunny as she leaves workout in Los Angeles  in skin-tight leggings and khaki coat George Clooney's ex-girlfriend Elisabetta Canalis keeps it casual in t-shirt and jeans as she dotes over daughter Skyler during lunch outing Meet Monsieur Toilette! Deleted scene from live-action Beauty and the Beast reveals movie was meant to feature a feisty talking TOILET character EXCLUSIVE: 'I fight against my genes constantly': Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves enjoys passionate smooch with personal trainer Danni Levy Looks familiar! Victoria's Secret beauty Romee Strijd recreates Kendall Jenner's Marc Jacobs look for NYC photoshoot Covered up for once Busty Pamela Anderson shows off her tiny waist and lean legs in a cream bardot dress as she steps out in St Tropez She's 50 on July 1  Patron saint of fashion! Justin Bieber's protégé 18-year-old Madison Beer becomes Moschino designer Jeremy Scott's latest muse   Double denim diva! Jessica Biel channels one of her husband Justin Timberlake's most famous looks from his Britney Spears days Spotted in sunny NYC 'It's disheartening!': Real Housewives Of Atlanta star Phaedra Parks admits that her divorce from Apollo Nida is extremely painful Climate control! Ivanka sports bold red lipstick and short monochrome as she steps out in D.C., a day after shunning her father's Paris historic accord announcement Sean Penn 'bumped from ECONOMY to FIRST CLASS' after passenger on Delta flight 'made snarky comments' about star's carry-on bags Lunch to go! Katie Holmes picks up takeout in LA.... hours before Jamie Foxx is seen across town Keeping relationship out of the spotlight A new romance? Kate Beckinsale and Jon Hamm were 'flirting' and 'inseparable' at Los Angeles  screening for his new movie Baby Driver Chelsea Clinton flashes bra in sheer top at NYC gay bar's Pride Month event, admitting she wore green to protest Trump's Paris Accord decision She's having a boy! Heavily pregnant Lauren Conrad announces she's having a son with cute Instagram post Card said 'It's a guy' with a baby in blue car So long, Chicago! Sophia Bush goes incognito as she wears sunglasses at LAX airport after quitting hit medical drama Moving on to new things 'He's trying to teach me how to hit the ball!' Katherine Webb and her NFL husband AJ McCarron enjoy a baby-free date night at Topgolf 'They've flown cases of tequila to an amazing villa': Kim Kardashian 'joins husband Kanye West in the Bahamas for his lavish 40th birthday party' My how you've changed! Two decades after movie Matilda premiered we reveal where child stars are now... and some are totally unrecognizable 'You see young soldiers permanently damaged... it's very sobering': Brad Pitt says he made War Machine to remind people of ravages of war 'Gym selfie - because fat people don't work out, right?' Size 22 model Tess Holliday hits back at body-shamers by sharing a photo of herself in locker room Good heavens! Victoria's Secret Angel Alessandra Ambrosio goes BRALESS at shoe launch... as she hangs out with Kylie Minogue's ex Andres Velencoso Electra-fying! Carmen, 45, sizzles in plunging cocktail dress as she parties the night away at Hollywood hotspot The Peppermint Club Showed off her assets 'I'm not against people owning guns': Kim Kardashian talks tighter laws in honor of National Gun Violence Awareness Day Posted  views online  What an improvement! Kim Zolciak shows son Kash's healing face just six weeks after he was mauled by a dog Brave four year old is smiling again She's just like you and me! Drew Barrymore puts on her makeup in the carriage window as she rides the New York City subway Down to earth star Naomi Campbell stuns in one-shoulder gown while Victoria Silvstedt turns heads in a bright orange number at Monte-Carlo Fashion Week Gala Mischa Barton looks fashion forward as she steps out in a pink silk dress at the Executor premiere... following her sex tape battle  Flashed her legs Today's headlines Most Read Another fanatic slips through the net: Killer jihadi, 27, 'radicalised by YouTube' was known to police and... 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologises to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her 'cracking voice'...... I saw three jihadis shot dead - bang, bang, bang: Dramatic pictures taken by eyewitness who was just yards... 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals... US Ambassador breaks ranks with Trump to PRAISE Mayor Sadiq Khan after the president criticized the London... How dare the US say 'we are reeling': They know nothing of our resilience, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Family pay tribute to Canadian woman killed in terror attack who volunteered at homeless shelters and moved... Trump faces furious backlash over his tweet condemning London Mayor just hours after London terror attack Former New York Knicks head coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing and flipping his car... Fed up with having horrible arguments at home? Relationship coach reveals the one word that will defuse... Hero neighbor shoots knife-wielding father dead as he tries to drown his three-month-old twin babies in the... Smash hit Wonder Woman makes $101.4MILLION over the weekend as it becomes highest-grossing film by a female... 'Fighting for his life.': Mayor de Blasio reveals NYPD cop who was dragged for two and a half blocks by... 'His toenails were so long they clicked on the floor like a dog': People reveal why they REALLY dumped their... Stranded kayakers who took a wrong turn are saved after four days when rescuers spot the giant SOS they... Arsenal jihadi 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as he asked a neighbour about hiring a van: Father of... PIERS MORGAN: Mrs May talks tough now but what did she do when she was in charge of the Home Office? She cut... The detective's notes that suggest suspect was known to terror police: Hand written comments show person... 'Islamophobia hasn't killed anyone': Tony Abbott slams officials for soft response to terror as he calls for... 'He looked like a f*****g Muslim terrorist': Straight-talking Australian describes how he was stabbed in the... Hero journalist who tweeted 'it isn't happening on my watch' before using his martial arts skills to tackle... ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge attack with sick posts vowing more terror  'I saw a man carrying knives and I just started running. He was less than 10ft behind me': Trainee nurse,... 'Don't confuse grief with lack of courage': Britain hits back against New York Times claims nation is 'still... 'This is for my family, this is for Islam': Mother reveals what deluded Jihadi knifeman yelled as he plunged... Little Mix are criticised for their 'naked' stage outfits at family-friendly One Love benefit concert Bystander caught in police crossfire was shot in the head as officers fired 'unprecedented 50 rounds of... Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am slammed after forgetting what city he's in at Manchester... Police officer steals the hearts of millions as he dances hand-in-hand with young girls in the crowd during... MORE HEADLINES Arsenal jihadi 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as he asked a neighbour about hiring a van: Father of two, who had worked for London Transport and hid his hated of Western values behind 'nice guy' mask, tried to 'radicalise children' 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim said to her during Manchester concert Hero neighbor shoots knife-wielding father dead as he tries to drown his three-month-old twin babies in the bathtub  'Piece of s***': President Trump comes under fire over tweets about reinforcing the travel just hours after London terror attack Trump condemns London Mayor after terror attack: President blasts Sadiq Khan for saying there's 'no reason to be alarmed' after seven died and ridicules 'politically correct' response Family pay tribute to Canadian woman killed in terror attack who volunteered at homeless shelters and moved to Europe to live with her fiance  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort as they continue their whirlwind Australian honeymoon KATIE HOPKINS: You’re right, Theresa. We cannot go on like this. But do you have the balls to do what’s REALLY needed and lock up the 3,000 terror suspects tomorrow? Armed police arrest 12 - including four women - at East London tower block in connection with terror attack as officers swoop on a flat above a Paddy Power shop less than a mile away  The Google employee and his wife who lived in a $2,000 RV in the company's parking lot for TWO YEARS to save money so they could afford to buy a real home Dressed to the nines! The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Jeremy Corbyn accuses Theresa May of ignoring terror warnings when she cut 20,000 police officers and claims she is suppressing a report about Saudi funding of extremists 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin in a series of tweets and insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' Another fanatic slips through the net: Killer jihadi, 27, 'radicalised by YouTube' was known to police and filmed arguing with officers after unfurling an ISIS flag in a park in a Channel 4 documentary Harrowing dashcam footage reveals trail of devastation on London Bridge with victims laid strewn across the road as people ran for their lives  Trump faces furious backlash over his tweet condemning London Mayor just hours after London terror attack More than 100 Muslims gather outside Trump Tower to pray in protest against the president's immigration policies 'Stay with me, please, I love you': Bystanders rush to save the lives of injured pedestrians on London Bridge as one woman is heard begging her loved one to 'hold on' while paramedics give CPR  I saw three jihadis shot dead - bang, bang, bang: Dramatic pictures taken by eyewitness who was just yards away show moment eight police cut down terrorists in a hail of 50 bullets  'Nothing stops a Canadian from mowing his lawn': Man does a spot of gardening while a TORNADO rages just yards away Former Michigan ME is NOT convinced Chris Cornell committed suicide and says the rocker's death 'could have been an accident' Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' 'He's a soldier': Father-of-three stabbed FOUR times by Jihadis is pictured bloodied but unbowed in a hospital bed after doctors saved his life - as an angry friend calls on Sadiq Khan to resign over the London Bridge attack  Smash hit Wonder Woman makes $101.4MILLION over the weekend as it becomes highest-grossing film by a female director EVER ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge attack with sick posts vowing more terror  Body of Manchester terror victim Eilidh MacLeod, 14, is repatriated to the Outer Hebrides ahead of the first funeral since the attack Chilling footage shows blood-soaked victims of London Bridge attack desperately hiding from terrorists in a Borough Market pub  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives Police search for suspect who pinned a pedestrian between two A soft spot for hard sodas Make banking reform work for communities No fruit juice for first year for babies Local S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace Lightning strikes Southwest plane in San Antonio, hits nearby 2 of the 3 Laredo PD officers injured in a Friday shootout, Roy L. Washington Man found in Wal-Mart parking lot with self-inflicted gunshot US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News The Latest: Turnbull says up to 4 Australians were victims Cosby's image as father, family man on the line at sex trial Haiti fears deportations will mean surge of child servants Amid tear gas, Venezuela violinist symbolizes hope for peace Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases Stocks set records again; bond yields sink after jobs report Mexican steel magnate Ancira buys land along River Walk U.S. trade deficit rises to highest level since January Google’s Chrome browser to block some ads starting next year Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools A man down, SAFC draws with Swope Park Friday’s high school baseball, softball results A heartbreaking ending for Bears Reagan clips Churchill to clinch state berth Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate Review: Cocina criolla stars at San Antonio's new Puerto Rican San Antonio restaurant inspections: June 2, 2017 Where to get free treats on National Donut Day in San Antonio More barbecue and brews coming to Broadway in San Antonio Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2017 Rodeo 2017 Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties Christopher Cross returns to San Antonio better than ever San Antonio TV anchor reacts to lampooning by Kimmel Balcones Heights Jazz Festival lineup announced S.A. woman's 400-pound TV weight-loss transformation reportedly Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Holidays Trends & Style Beauty and Fashion Tips Better Living Tips Parenting Pets Green Living San Antonio’s DoSeum tackles tech for kids this summer 2 Texas cities named among places you should visit 'before they Life in the Desert Universal Orlando’s New Volcano Bay is a blast Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla Make banking reform work for communities No fruit juice for first year for babies Your Turn: June 5 Know the rules of flying drones — safety first Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews Jeep redesigns the Compass for 2017, adding beefier styling, new Jaguar 2017 XF R-Sport brings driving fun, technology, lots of Redesigned 2017 Mazda CX-5 compact crossover now arriving; prices Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features Farmers decry Trump plans to cut agriculture subsidies AP FACT CHECK: A blast of hot air with Trump's climate move Stocks set records again; bond yields sink after jobs report Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Home Decorating Single-family homes just listed for sale in San Antonio City Wide Open House San Antonio homes for rent Luxury Home Gallery ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/news/local/crime/article/5-000-reward-offered-for-info-on-suspect-who-11180761.php $5,000 reward offered for info on suspect who allegedly robbed E. Side Walmart, threatened employee By Caleb Downs, mySA.com / San Antonio Express-News Updated 2:31 pm, Monday, May 29, 2017 Begin Slideshow 39 Photo: Crime Stoppers Image 1of/39 Caption Close Image 1 of 39 The suspect allegedly robbed the Walmart in the 2100 block of Loop 410 around 12:30 a.m. on May 2. The suspect allegedly robbed the Walmart in the 2100 block of Loop 410 around 12:30 a.m. on May 2. Photo: Crime Stoppers Image 2 of 39 Click through for details on some of the most wanted people in the area by San Antonio Crime Stoppers and the Bexar County Sheriff's Office. Click through for details on some of the most wanted people in the area by San Antonio Crime Stoppers and the Bexar County Sheriff's Office. Image 3 of 39 Jacqueline Veronica Brown Wanted for: theft $100,000-$200,000 Tip line: 224-7867 Jacqueline Veronica Brown Wanted for: theft $100,000-$200,000 Tip line: 224-7867 Photo: Crime Stoppers / Courtesy Image 4 of 39 Kevin Richardson Slack AKA: Bubba Wanted for: Agg Robbery; Evading Arrest/Detention W/Veh; Tamper Evidence-intent IMPA; Poss Marij 0-2 oz Tip line: 335-8477 Kevin Richardson Slack AKA: Bubba Wanted for: Agg Robbery; Evading Arrest/Detention W/Veh; Tamper Evidence-intent IMPA; Poss Marij 0-2 oz Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Bexar County Sheriff's Most Wanted Image 5 of 39 Roland Aguilar Wanted for: Agg Asslt w/Deadly Wpn; Sexual Assault Tip line: 335-8477 Roland Aguilar Wanted for: Agg Asslt w/Deadly Wpn; Sexual Assault Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Bexar County Sheriff's Most Wanted Image 6 of 39 Patricia Almaguer AKA Patricia Cisneros Almaguer Wanted for: Indecency-Child Exposure, Assault-Public Servant-BI Tip line: 335-8477 Patricia Almaguer AKA Patricia Cisneros Almaguer Wanted for: Indecency-Child Exposure, Assault-Public Servant-BI Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Bexar County Sheriff’s Office Image 7 of 39 Ramiro Benjamin Delarosa AKA Ramiro Saucedo Wanted for: Murder Tip line: 224-7867 Ramiro Benjamin Delarosa AKA Ramiro Saucedo Wanted for: Murder Tip line: 224-7867 Photo: Crime Stoppers / Courtesy Image 8 of 39 Ricardo Acevedo Elizondo Wanted for: Felony possession with intent to sell Reward: Crime Stoppers will pay up to $5,000 for information which leads to the arrest of the fugitive. Call 224-7867. Ricardo Acevedo Elizondo Wanted for: Felony possession with intent to sell Reward: Crime Stoppers will pay up to $5,000 for information which leads to the arrest of the fugitive. Call 224-7867. Photo: Courtesy Photo. Image 9 of 39 Belinda Sauceda Fernandez Wanted for: Injury to Child-SBI-Omission Tip line: 335-8477 Belinda Sauceda Fernandez Wanted for: Injury to Child-SBI-Omission Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Fechter, Joshua I, Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 10 of 39 Jesus Flores AKA Jesus Contreras Flores Wanted for: Burglary Habitation-Force; Assault Bodily Injury-Fam/HHLD; Burglary Habitation-Intent to Commit Felony-F Tip line: 335-8477 Jesus Flores AKA Jesus Contreras Flores Wanted for: Burglary Habitation-Force; Assault Bodily Injury-Fam/HHLD; Burglary Habitation-Intent to Commit Felony-F Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Bexar County Sheriff’s Office Image 11 of 39 Carlos Gonzales Garcia Wanted for: Aggravated Sexual Assault - Child, Violation of Sex Offender Registration Reward: Crime Stoppers will pay up to $300 for information which leads to the arrest of the fugitive. Call 224-7867. less Carlos Gonzales Garcia Wanted for: Aggravated Sexual Assault - Child, Violation of Sex Offender Registration Reward: Crime Stoppers will pay up to $300 for information which leads to the arrest of the fugitive. ... more Photo: Crime Stoppers / Courtesy Image 12 of 39 Omar Garcia Wanted for: Possession with Intent to Deliver a Controlled Substance 4gm-200gm Tip line: 224-7867 Omar Garcia Wanted for: Possession with Intent to Deliver a Controlled Substance 4gm-200gm Tip line: 224-7867 Photo: Crime Stoppers / Courtesy Image 13 of 39 Dewitt Garry, Jr. Wanted for: Contempt of Court, probation violation Tip line: 335-8477 Dewitt Garry, Jr. Wanted for: Contempt of Court, probation violation Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 14 of 39 Leonardo Garza III AKA Leo Garza Wanted for: Assault - Family - 2nd Offense; Assault - Family - Choking/Stran; Burglary habitation - force Tip line: 335-8477 Leonardo Garza III AKA Leo Garza Wanted for: Assault - Family - 2nd Offense; Assault - Family - Choking/Stran; Burglary habitation - force Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 15 of 39 Urbano Ernesto Gonzalez Wanted for: Violation of Sex Offender Registration Reward: Crime Stoppers will pay up to $300 for information which leads to the arrest of the fugitive. Call 224-7867. Urbano Ernesto Gonzalez Wanted for: Violation of Sex Offender Registration Reward: Crime Stoppers will pay up to $300 for information which leads to the arrest of the fugitive. Call 224-7867. Photo: Crime Stoppers / Courtesy Image 16 of 39 Jose Carmelo Lara Wanted for: Indecency w/Child - contact Tip line: 335-8477 Jose Carmelo Lara Wanted for: Indecency w/Child - contact Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 17 of 39 Jose Lopez AKA Jose Lopez-Garcia Wanted for: Agg Asslt WDW & SBI-Fam/Dating Tip line: 335-8477 Jose Lopez AKA Jose Lopez-Garcia Wanted for: Agg Asslt WDW & SBI-Fam/Dating Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 18 of 39 Carmen Martinez Wanted for: Theft $1,500 to $20,000 - Welfare Fraud Tip line: 224-7867 Carmen Martinez Wanted for: Theft $1,500 to $20,000 - Welfare Fraud Tip line: 224-7867 Photo: Crime Stoppers / Courtesy Image 19 of 39 Daniel Garza Martinez Wanted for: Possession of a Controlled Substance PG1 4 to 200 Grams Tip line: 224-7867 Daniel Garza Martinez Wanted for: Possession of a Controlled Substance PG1 4 to 200 Grams Tip line: 224-7867 Photo: Crime Stoppers / Courtesy Image 20 of 39 Juan Mendoza Wanted for: Murder Tip line: 335-8477 Juan Mendoza Wanted for: Murder Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 21 of 39 Johel Padilla Wanted for: Aggravated Sexual Assault - Child Tip line: 224-7867 Johel Padilla Wanted for: Aggravated Sexual Assault - Child Tip line: 224-7867 Photo: Crime Stoppers / Courtesy Image 22 of 39 Juan Julio Ramirez Wanted for: Murder Tip line: 224-7867 Juan Julio Ramirez Wanted for: Murder Tip line: 224-7867 Photo: Fechter, Joshua I, Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 23 of 39 Carlos L. Rodriguez Wanted for: Murder Tip line: 224-7867 Carlos L. Rodriguez Wanted for: Murder Tip line: 224-7867 Photo: Crime Stoppers / Courtesy Image 24 of 39 Ruben Garcia Rodriguez AKA Ruben Rodriguez Wanted for: Agg Sexual Assault-Child Tip line: 335-8477 Ruben Garcia Rodriguez AKA Ruben Rodriguez Wanted for: Agg Sexual Assault-Child Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Fechter, Joshua I, Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 25 of 39 Jorge Montero Segura Wanted for: Aggravated Sexual Assault - Child Tip line: 335-8477 Jorge Montero Segura Wanted for: Aggravated Sexual Assault - Child Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 26 of 39 Pablo Elias Torrescano AKA Pablo Torres Cano Wanted for: Aggravated Sexual Assault-Child; Poss. Child Pornography; Promo Child Pornography Tip line: 335-8477 Pablo Elias Torrescano AKA Pablo Torres Cano Wanted for: Aggravated Sexual Assault-Child; Poss. Child Pornography; Promo Child Pornography Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Fechter, Joshua I, Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 27 of 39 John Reed Webb Wanted for: Theft $1,500 to $20,000 Reward: Crime Stoppers will pay up to $5,000 for information which leads to the arrest of the fugitive. Call 224-7867. John Reed Webb Wanted for: Theft $1,500 to $20,000 Reward: Crime Stoppers will pay up to $5,000 for information which leads to the arrest of the fugitive. Call 224-7867. Photo: Crime Stoppers / Courtesy Image 28 of 39 Jasmin Williams AKA Jasmin Shari Williams Wanted for: False name/info and forgery; Theft of service $500-1500; Assault bodily injury - married; Theft $20-500 Check Tip line: 335-8477 Jasmin Williams AKA Jasmin Shari Williams Wanted for: False name/info and forgery; Theft of service $500-1500; Assault bodily injury - married; Theft $20-500 Check Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 29 of 39 Miguel Rodriguez Gutierrez Wanted for: Murder warrant and a felony warrant for Poss W/Int Del CS PG1 4g-200g Tip line: 224-7867 Miguel Rodriguez Gutierrez Wanted for: Murder warrant and a felony warrant for Poss W/Int Del CS PG1 4g-200g Tip line: 224-7867 Photo: Crime Stoppers / Courtesy Image 30 of 39 Kerry Gittens Wanted for: Murder Tip line: 224-7867 Kerry Gittens Wanted for: Murder Tip line: 224-7867 Image 31 of 39 Rebecca Alvarez AKA Rebecca Nicole Alvarez Wanted for: Trafficking of person younger than 18-years-old, sexual assault of a child, possession of marijuana, fail ID-fug-Int give false Tip line: 335-8477   less Rebecca Alvarez AKA Rebecca Nicole Alvarez Wanted for: Trafficking of person younger than 18-years-old, sexual assault of a child, possession of marijuana, fail ID-fug-Int give false Tip line: 335-8477 ... more Photo: Courtesy/Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 32 of 39 Xavier Evan Levine AKA Xavier Evan Meza Levine Wanted for: Aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, possession of prohibited knuckles, possession of marijuana Tip line: 335-8477   Xavier Evan Levine AKA Xavier Evan Meza Levine Wanted for: Aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, possession of prohibited knuckles, possession of marijuana Tip line: 335-8477   Photo: Courtesy/Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 33 of 39 Thomas Andrew Fresco AKA Crazy boy, Thomas Guevara Wanted for: Sexual assault of a child Tip line: 335-8477   Thomas Andrew Fresco AKA Crazy boy, Thomas Guevara Wanted for: Sexual assault of a child Tip line: 335-8477   Photo: Courtesy/Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 34 of 39 David Garcia AKA David Garcia Jr. Wanted for: Aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, possession of marijuana Tip line: 335-8477   David Garcia AKA David Garcia Jr. Wanted for: Aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, possession of marijuana Tip line: 335-8477   Photo: Courtesy/Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 35 of 39 Patrick Edgell Wanted for: Online solicitation of a minor under 14-years-old, online solicitation of a minor-meet Tip line: 335-8477   Patrick Edgell Wanted for: Online solicitation of a minor under 14-years-old, online solicitation of a minor-meet Tip line: 335-8477   Photo: Courtesy/Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 36 of 39 Gregory Huitron Wanted for: Aggravated assault with a deadly weapon Tip line: 335-8477   Gregory Huitron Wanted for: Aggravated assault with a deadly weapon Tip line: 335-8477   Photo: Courtesy/Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 37 of 39 Leann Marie Bickell AKA Leann Molatapia, Leann Ropers, Leann Rogers, Lynne Kautz Wanted for: Utterin a forged instrument, obtaining cash or merchandise by means of a bogus check/false pretenses, bail jumping Tip line: 335-8477   less Leann Marie Bickell AKA Leann Molatapia, Leann Ropers, Leann Rogers, Lynne Kautz Wanted for: Utterin a forged instrument, obtaining cash or merchandise by means of a bogus check/false pretenses, bail jumping ... more Photo: Courtesy/Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 38 of 39 Javonte McElvain AKA Javonte Marque McElvain Wanted for: Two counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon Tip line: 335-8477   Javonte McElvain AKA Javonte Marque McElvain Wanted for: Two counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon Tip line: 335-8477   Photo: Courtesy/Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 39 of 39 $5,000 reward offered for info on suspect who allegedly robbed E. Side Walmart, threatened employee 1 / 39 Back to Gallery Police are asking for the public's assistance in locating and identifying a man accused of robbing an East Side Walmart and threatening an employee. The suspect allegedly robbed the Walmart in the 2100 block of Loop 410 around 12:30 a.m. on May 2. RELATED: SAPD: Gunman flees after shooting man outside NE side strip club An employee noticed the suspect attempting to shoplift and tried to stop him, but the suspect told him to back off because he had a gun, according to a Crime Stoppers report. The suspect then fled the scene. Police say he is now wanted on charges of robbery by threat. Crime Stoppers may pay up to $5,000 for information that leads to the arrest of the suspect responsible fore the robbery. Anyone with information is asked to call 210-224-7867. Text "NEWS" to 77453 for breaking news alerts from mySA.com News Channel cdowns@mysa.com Twitter: @calebjdowns    Catch every San Antonio area moment! Click to like mySA on Facebook. The Latest 2 Laredo PD officers injured in a Friday shootout released... Toddler found wandering in Juarez believed to be U.S. citizen Police: Man shot himself in the head at a Wal-Mart parking lot ESPN names Texas' most famous athlete UK hails man who fled London attack holding beer an unlikely hero Seguin PD's 'Top Gun' Facebook post calls out aviator-wearing... Warning for sushi lovers - Anisakiasis Mayoral runoff gets even dirtier with release of mailer Schlitterbahn New Braunfels celebrates the 50th year of... Prosecutors say Uresti had financial difficulties, exploited... San Antonio diversity celebrated at Market Square fair Her 400-pound drop could reportedly ruin marriage Photos show amazing weight loss journey The stunning before & after photos of a fitness empire Austin Mahone fans flood the Paper Tiger La Cantera throws posh adults-only pool party 28 gorgeous rooftop pools to swim Rank: Top 50 middle schools in the S.A. area S.A.-area high schools graded from A-F Average teacher salaries at S.A. schools New on Netflix, Hulu, Amazon Prime in June Netflix originals ranked from worst to best The 34 most exciting TV shows this summer you need to see Recent Breaking News SAPD: 19-year-old in critical condition after East Side shooting San Antonio police make arrest in 2015 'Hell's Gate' murder case Affidavit: S.A. man bit, punched woman while trying to take... Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign up for our email services. Stop any time.    Breaking news    Morning headlines    Today's most-read stories    Evening headlines    Traffic alerts    Weather alerts    Politics news & alerts    Border & Mexico news & alerts    Obituaries EMAIL: Click here to sign up for Sports, Neighborhoods and more Email Alerts. Most Popular 1 Man found in Wal-Mart parking lot with self-inflicted gunshot... 2 Another journalist shot, seriously wounded in south Mexico 3 Lightning strikes Southwest plane in San Antonio, hits nearby... 4 Opinion: With his London tweets, Trump embarrasses himself -... 5 San Antonio restaurant inspections: June 2, 2017 6 Millennials are killing chains like Buffalo Wild Wings and... 7 Photo shows man casually mowing the lawn with massive tornado... 8 S.A. woman's 400-pound TV weight-loss transformation... 9 San Antonio diversity celebrated at Market Square fair 10 Hall of Fame quarterback Troy Aikman gets engaged 11 Lost toddler found in Mexico, believed to be American 12 Autopsy: Drugs taken by Chris Cornell didn't cause death 13 Plane gets stuck on takeoff at San Antonio International... 14 Tennessee gas station pushes back at comedian Kathy Griffin 15 Mayoral runoff gets even dirtier with release of mailer View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
newsnet5 Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + Daily Forecast Hourly Forecast Live Storm Tracking Radar School Closings and Delays Live Cameras Tornado Safety Severe Weather Alerts Weather Videos Traffic + Gas Prices Traffic News Consumer + Contests Business Don’t Waste Your Money Consumer Reports Financial Fitness Zone ShopSmart News + Cleveland Metro Local News Akron-Canton Democracy 2016 Ohio Investigative National Health Decode DC Education PolitiFact E-Team Conquering Addiction Steve Stephens Coverage Entertainment + Celebrity Cle Rocks TV Guide The List My Ohio Community Calendar Crossword Sudoku Life + Mark's Garden My Ohio Tech Water Cooler Food & Dining Horoscope Pets Religion Sports + Browns Cavaliers OSU Indians HS Football Student Athlete Video + Live Video Video Vault 5 Live video 2 Best of the Class Right This Minute Photo Gallery Marketplace + Spotlight 5 Ohio Lottery Cleveland Auto News About Us + Staff Seen On 5 Our History Jobs Station Info Contact Us Advertising Blogs Support Current 73 Cloudy 3-Day Forecast HI: 84° LO: 62° HI: 84° LO: 62° HI: 84° LO: 62° More Weather Traffic current alerts 1 More Traffic Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences Shoplifting suspect dead after officer-involved shooting at Missouri Wal-Mart 41 Action News Staff 5:37 AM, May 29, 2017 1:30 PM, May 29, 2017 Share Article Previous Next A Jackson County deputy shot and killed a suspect after an alleged struggle at a Raytown Wal-Mart Sunday night. The deputy was injured in the incident. A Jackson County deputy shot and killed a suspect after an alleged struggle at a Raytown Wal-Mart Sunday night. The deputy was injured in the incident. Josh Helmuth - 41 Action News Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next RAYTOWN, Mo. - A Jackson County deputy shot and killed a suspect after an alleged struggle at a Raytown, Missouri Wal-Mart Sunday night. Police said around 9:15 p.m. an off-duty deputy working for Wal-Mart tried to stop a male suspect from shoplifting. "A struggle ensued. She was disarmed of her Taser and got out her service weapon and shot the suspect. He was transported to a local hospital where he was pronounced deceased," Sgt. John Payne with the Jackson County Sheriff's Office said.  Both the deputy and the suspect were taken to the hospital. The suspect later died, and the suspect's age is unknown at this time. The deputy was treated and released from the hospital. She will be placed on leave until the investigation is over.    Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story TrafficNews Consumer Sports Entertainment Life Video Photo GalleryMarketplaceSupport News 5 Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Staff Lottery Video Vault 5 Teacher of the Week Contests Community Calendar Academic Challenge Mark's Garden Student Athlete Grit TV 5.2 Laff TV 5.3 Mobile Apps News 5 iPhone iPad Kindle Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Newsy iPhoneAndroid RokuAmazon Fire TV Stay Connected facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube Scripps TV Station Group © 2017 The E.W. Scripps Co Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix CW39 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW39 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Local Nation/World Features Community Entertainment Events EyeOpener Traffic Contests Weather 72° 72° Low 69° High 81° Mon 73° 86° Tue 71° 89° Wed 67° 91° See complete forecast Severe weather alert North Texas police chief under investigation after arrest of beauty queen Posted 11:52 AM, May 29, 2017, by Newsfix Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email × North Texas police chief under investigation after arrest of beauty queen COMMERCE, TX – The winner of Miss Black Texas 2016 says she was harassed, unlawfully arrested, and detained by a North Texas police chief. If that’s not bad enough, she also says he called her a “black b*tch.” Carmen Ponder, a recent graduate of Texas A&M University, tweeted she experienced “road rage” from the police chief of Commerce, Kerry Crews, on Tuesday. Police brutality and Abuse of Power from a Police Chief. Let me talk to my lawyer and I'll fill y'all in #blacklivesmatter — Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 22, 2017 According to Ponder, she was on her way to Walmart when she encountered a black truck driving erratically in front of her. She says she decided to pass the vehicle to avoid potential danger because she believed the driver to be drunk. She realized the vehicle had followed her after parking her car outside of Walmart. Crews, who allegedly identified himself as police, yelled at her for passing his 14-year-old daughter who was learning how to drive at the time. Ponder reminded Crews that it’s illegal for a 14-year-old to drive, leading Crews to allegedly call Ponder a “black b*tch.” After the confrontation, Ponder entered Walmart, purchased her items, and headed back to her vehicle when Crews, his daughter, and another man confronted her. According to Ponder, the man informed her that Crews was a police chief and suggested that she apologize to him. Ponder refused and called the police. When police arrived on the scene, the man who approached Ponder allegedly told them that she was resisting arrest and instructed police to arrest her. Ponder was arrested and detained for 24 hours. She was charged with evading arrest. She posted her encounter on Twitter: @MeritLaw pic.twitter.com/LeHyS9JwHM — Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 24, 2017 Ponder is calling for her charges to be dropped, Crews to be fired, and disciplinary action for other involved officers. Commerce police released a statement on Thursday, claiming Ponder’s statements do not match  Crews’. Filed in: Texas Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Connect with Eye Opener! Keep up with EO online! Popular Man dies after swimming with new tattoo Murder suspect dead, 3 officers shot in Laredo shootout Jack in The Box employees fired for being rude to HPD HCSO to get outside ‘oversight’ during investigation into man’s death after confrontation with off-duty officer, her husband Latest News Fifth Ward community members protest church after man tazed by HPD President Trump’s response to London terror attack stands out for all the wrong reasons HPD: 2 killed in Greenspoint apartment complex Breitbart employees infuriated by colleagues’ ‘appalling’ comments after London terror attack Nation/World Utah woman locked kids in trunk while she shopped, police say Local NewsFix Chain of collisions kills woman on North Beltway 8 Local Mother questioned after head-on crash critically injures 2 kids, kills elderly woman  Nation/World Woman charged after listing boy, 14, as father of her unborn child Texas Texas woman rescued after 5 days in Arizona wilderness, authorities say Nation/World Texas woman rescued after 5 days in Arizona wilderness, authorities say Local Two deadly shootings in two different locations may be the work of one man NewsFix ‘Not the ending that any of us hoped for’: Remains of Arizona girl found 5 years later Texas Denison teen confesses to lying about 3 black men kidnapping, gang raping her Nation/World Four-year-old falls out of moving bus Nation/World Police: Driver nearly runs over cops near Capitol; shots fired Nation/World Facebook murder suspect Steve Stephens kills himself after pursuit Nation/World Man who killed wife in San Bernardino shooting was pastor with military background Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 7700 Westpark Drive Houston, TX 77063 • Copyright © 2017, KIAH • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Strategy News Creative Report Card About Brands Agencies Creative Directors Art Directors Copywriters Planners Events BCON Expo AdTech Shopper Marketing Forum Awards CASSIES Shopper Innovation Awards AToMiC Awards Marketing Awards PROMO! Awards Strategy Awards Agency of The Year Media Innovation Awards Strategy   Home Calendar Awards Magazine Screening Room Careers Categories Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing Tech C-Suite    ARCHIVE Home » Branding, Creative, Featured » True patriot branding As July 1 approaches, here's how brands are taking part in Canada's 150th birthday celebrations. By Mark Burgess 7 days ago This article appears in the June 2017 issue of  strategy. Tim Hortons has a special cup. Walmart has gotten into Tom Thomson prints. Researchers at Toronto’s Hospital for Sick Children sequenced the genome of the Castor canadensis – the Canadian beaver. Dedicated online vendors are hawking playing cards and mints, ice scrapers and commemorative pins (so many commemorative pins), canoe paddles and canoe paddle key chains, all bearing the official Canada 150 logo. The marketing push around Canada’s 150th birthday has so far featured a mix of trinkets, curiosities and pay-it-forward initiatives. As July 1 nears, campaigns looking to capture and reflect what it means to be Canadian in 2017 (while selling merchandise, vacations and – obviously – beer) are gearing up for a prideful sesquicentennial summer. The anniversary coincides with what Ela Veresiu, assistant marketing professor at York University’s Schulich School of Business, describes as a wave of “unapologetic patriotism.” As other Western nations lurch to the extreme, inward-looking right, Canada has distinguished itself from its long-time role models by standing out as an open and inclusive alternative. Brands from Air Canada to Toronto Tourism to Canadian Tire have picked up on this over the past year with campaigns featuring Syrian refugees being welcomed and diversity celebrated in various ways. CIBC’s “#StandforCanada” 150 campaign is built around a digital mosaic – an animated maple leaf made from aggregated social media posts, featuring images of Canadian landscapes and kids in hockey jerseys alongside messages about diversity. “You get a synergy between what people feel and what brands can do,” says David Soberman, marketing professor at U of T’s Rotman School of Management. National pride has become a reliable marketing card for brands to play just in time for the national birthday party. “It definitely opens a window for companies big and small, and not only Canadian, to become involved in advertising campaigns through this idea of Canadian identity and Canadian patriotism,” Veresiu says. Mining Canadian heritage An IMI report released last fall put Molson and Roots among the brands Canadians expect to “do the best job” of celebrating the anniversary (fifth and sixth, respectively, behind Tim Hortons, Canadian Tire, HBC and, curiously, Coca-Cola). Both launched campaigns this spring around history, values and recognizing the contributions of both exceptional and everyday Canadians. The Molson brewery was established in Montreal in 1786, and the Molson Canadian brand – known for iconic patriotic ads, from 2001’s “The Rant” to the more recent “Beer Fridge” spots – is going back to its founder for its 150 campaign. John Molson was a leading 19th-century Lower Canadian entrepreneur, involved in railroads, steamships, hotels, beer and politics. The brand is playing up the founder’s values around community and individual contribution to the public good, tracing its roots through seven generations to current chairman Geoff Molson, who is starring in the campaign by Rethink. Looking back at the company’s founder inspired the whole campaign, says marketing director Chris Blackburn. It asks Canadians to nominate their compatriots (using the hashtag #ATasteOfWhoWeAre) who represent “the best of Canadian character,” he says. It also targets consumers’ nostalgia. A fleet of old, red trucks will deliver 150 Molson beer fridges to the chosen Canadians, and those fridges will be filled with vintage stubby bottles of Canadian, which were re-launched in May. But focusing too much on historical figures can create challenges for brands, as parts of the country’s history are contested or abhorred by some Canadians. John Molson was a member of Lower Canada’s “Château Clique,” the small group of Anglophone businessmen who wielded power in the French-speaking colony. “The balance we always strike is consumers aren’t looking for a history lesson,” Blackburn says. “The things that will resonate are the types of values: core human truths that might lie in your brand and company’s history that are still relevant in the world today.” Roots’s “Nice” campaign is also values-based, incorporating elements of Canada’s recent history in an attempt to encapsulate the national character while subverting the “polite Canadian” stereotype, says Shane Ogilvie, co-founder of The Garden, the agency behind the creative. The campaign video (narrated by actor Kim Cattrall) seeks to shift the definition of “nice.” It covers the “polite nice” with a Mountie and the “funny nice” with John Candy and Dan Aykroyd before entering more charged territory, from gay marriage to race in the NHL. The work “celebrates the fact that a tremendous amount of things have been nice about Canada, as well as some things we recognize that we haven’t done well enough,” says James Connell, VP of e-commerce and marketing at Roots. While Romeo Dallaire represents “the kind of nice that takes guts,” and Greenpeace stands in for “disruptive nice,” scenes of indigenous protests show that “Nice is knowing when sorry just isn’t enough.” Ogilvie says it was important, while promoting this new definition of nice, “to call out those moments where we still probably have some work to do.” As for using images of the Highway of Heroes, the funeral route for convoys carrying soldiers who died in Afghanistan, and vigils following the 1989 shooting at Montreal’s École Polytechnique, Ogilvie says it’s about showing how Canadians reacted and adding that context to the definition of “nice.” “Using those things was necessary to show the depths and the courage that Canadians are willing to go to – to be Canadian and to continue living the way we do,” he says. “So we were comfortable with it.” The campaign also includes a social media search for Canada’s nicest person, with 10 finalists put to a vote, and the winner receiving $10,000 for the charity of their choice. Roots is also selling “nice buttons and pins,” with all the proceeds going to WE’s indigenous youth program. Giving back Several campaigns around the anniversary have a heavy CSR element, looking forward at ways to improve the country rather than focusing on its history. Tying the work to a cause “makes it easier to think of these campaigns as more authentic and endearing, and really speaking to the Canadian identity,” Schulich’s Veresiu says. CN and TD, both companies with long histories and nation-building claims, are looking forward with environmental initiatives. The national railway gave $25,000 grants to 50 communities for greening projects, including a ceremonial 150th anniversary tree, while the bank’s “#TDCommonGround,” with agency Diamond, is investing in green spaces for 150 communities. RBC’s “#Make150Count” campaign, by Grip, is giving $150 for community projects to more than 3,000 young Canadians, and asking the recipients to share their stories, which will be used as content for social, digital, TV and print ads. The strategy of making consumers participants in the content creation process is especially effective for the anniversary when it aligns with a brand’s focus on celebrating Canadians, Veresiu says. For Molson’s aforementioned #ATasteOfWhoWeAre campaign, Blackman says, “The task wasn’t ‘How do we create a big piece of advertising?’ It was ‘How do we take actions that feel substantial and make a real contribution?’” Apparel, novelty items and so much beer And then there are the novelty items. The Hudson’s Bay Company is tying a special anniversary apparel and souvenir collection to a CSR program – the Great Trail project, connecting 24,000 km of trails across the country into one artery this year – by donating 10% of sales to the initiative (50% for the mini canoe paddle and key chain). Toronto’s Drake General Store is partnering with HBC and advertising agency Sid Lee on a t-shirt line designed by 10 influential Canadians (including Blue Rodeo’s Jim Cuddy, chef Susur Lee and designer Hayley Elsaesser), called One Fif Tee. A percentage of sales will go to the t-shirt designers’ charity of choice. While Molson dug into its past for the return of the stubby, Swedish vodka brand Absolut has a limited edition Canada 150 bottle with a graphic by Toronto designer Elizabeth (Libs) Elliott. And of course there are other beers. Beau’s, the official beer of Ottawa’s 150 celebrations, is partnering with organizations across Canada to create a special 150 brew for every month of 2017. Surrey, B.C.’s Central City Brewers has a special 150 12-pack featuring a dozen beers from across the country. And Halifax’s Propeller Brewing Company is hosting The Great Canadian Lager Challenge, inviting Canadian craft and home brewers to submit their most patriotic lager for judging in July. While the space gets more and more crowded with contests and initiatives around the July 1 celebrations, Rotman’s Soberman says it’s important for brands to not get carried away or overreach. “The challenge as a marketer is to not always hit a home run, but to avoid doing bad marketing,” he says. The 150 wheelhouse In addition to the CSR-driven campaigns giving out $150 or recognizing 150 people, some brands have cleverly used the number to highlight their purpose. ParticipAction and Zulu Alpha Kilo created the 150 Play List, an online encyclopedia of Canadian physical activity, from raking leaves to scavenger hunts to Snowsnake, a javelin-like toss practised in indigenous communities. The site contains origin stories, how-to-guides and locations for the activities. The Toronto International Film Festival developed “Canada on Screen” to showcase the country’s “150 essential moving-image productions.” It promoted the initiative through its internal agency, Department 30, and Isobar with the “We Made It” campaign, which used geo-fencing for hyper-local creative (Toronto’s Degrassi Street, for example). April Fool’s Day winners The ad world’s day for mock campaigns proved useful for 150 campaigns. WestJet, refusing to cede the patriotic ground to rival Air Canada, rebranded as “Canada Air” in an online video developed in-house with campaign help from Publicis. The brand used humour to make the point that its values are sufficiently Canadian. Labatt, meanwhile, stumbled into marketing gold when Prime Minister Justin Trudeau tweeted that the beer company had rebranded his “favourite beer” as Labatt 150, making it “three times as patriotic” (he even included a photoshopped bottle). It turns out the brand was already on it. It responded by prematurely announcing its Labatt 150 launch in May, including an improvised beer can image. Tags: Canada 150, Labatt 50, Molson Canadian, ParticipAction, RBC, roots, TD, tiff, westjet Related Articles What’s next for Second Cup? The rooster reaches from bottom shelf to eye level Tim Hortons bucks the brand value trend The benefits of masterbranding Brand Doctors: Beyond Samsung’s tricky launch Popular Recent Featured Who are Canada’s most liked CEOs? FCB Toronto adds to its leadership John St. announces new creative leaders McCann hires a new CSO Cossette, Rethink big winners at AToMiC 2017 Careers » Screening Room » Check it out: Penningtons’ powerful song A new PSA in the war on dementia Lululemon shifts its perspective for first global campaign Why BMW is keeping quiet Twitter Tweets about "from:StrategyOnline OR @StrategyOnline OR strategyonline.ca" Follow @StrategyOnline Facebook ﻿ About Strategy strategy™ uncovers and shares the "bold vision, brand new ideas" of Canada’s national marketing community. Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Company About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Careers Events Screening Room Subscribe Features AToMIC Sections Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing Copyright © 1987-2017 Brunico Communications Ltd. All Rights Reserved. We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Strategy journalism takes time and funding... Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you. Please, whitelist strategyonline.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › opinion home US politics world opinion selected sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Whole Foods Opinion Whole Foods represents the failures of 'conscious capitalism' Nicole Aschoff There’s no way to ‘fix’ corporations’ compulsion to produce ever more, ever more cheaply. It’s written into the DNA of global capitalism People exit a Whole Foods Market in New York. Photograph: Shannon Stapleton/Reuters Whole Foods Opinion Whole Foods represents the failures of 'conscious capitalism' Nicole Aschoff There’s no way to ‘fix’ corporations’ compulsion to produce ever more, ever more cheaply. It’s written into the DNA of global capitalism Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Contact author @NicoleAschoff Monday 29 May 2017 09.46 EDT Last modified on Tuesday 30 May 2017 10.07 EDT It’s hard to think of a better poster child for “conscious capitalism” than Whole Foods Market, the high-end grocery store that made a name for itself selling organic produce in feel-good, mood-lit stores. These days, the chain is floundering and a potential buyout is on the horizon. What does that say about the conscious capitalism it championed? Same-store sales have declined for six straight quarters, and Barclay analyst Karen Short estimates that 14 million Whole Foods customers walked away during the same period. Last month activist hedge fund Jana Partners swooped in, buying up 8.3% of the company’s shares and demanding an overhaul. Whole Foods responded by reshuffling its board, bringing in a handful of big box retail stars and promoting Gabrielle Sulzberger, who hails from private equity, to chairwoman. Hard times for Whole Foods: 'People say it's for pretentious people. I can see why' Read more A failing firm isn’t exactly news. In the dog-eat-dog world of global capitalism lots of companies have their moment in the sun only to crash and burn a few years later. But Whole Foods was supposed to be different. John Mackey, the company’s chief executive, has long argued that Whole Foods is wired differently — that it runs on a “conscious capitalism” model that outsmarts the competitive pressures of our for-profit system through creativity and innovation. In Liberating the Heroic Spirit of Business: Conscious Capitalism, Mackey argues that his conscious capitalism model achieves success by honoring not just shareholders but all stakeholders, including workers, communities and the environment. The Whole Foods founder penned his treatise in response to the growing consensus that capitalism is doing irreparable harm to the planet and the people who live on it. Our for-profit system is increasingly viewed as a zero-sum game in which ecological destruction, climate change and rising inequality are firmly linked to the rapacious behavior of multinational corporations. Mackey agrees that humans are harming the planet, but he doesn’t think the problem lies in capitalism. Free-market capitalism, according to Mackey, is actually a “beautiful”, “heroic” system that, properly harnessed, can operate “in harmony with the fundamentals of human nature” and the planet. We don’t need to rein in corporations through onerous labor and environmental regulations, he writes, because the virtuous feedback loop of honoring stakeholders plus innovation will leave “unconscious” firms such as Walmart in the dust. The conscious capitalism model is appealing. It’s simple, easy. We can avert looming environmental catastrophe by becoming conscious consumers who frequent conscious companies. After all, shopping at Whole Foods is a heck of a lot more fun than lobbying for regulations on corporations or convincing people to consume less. More Whole Foods, less Walmart. Problem solved. Mackey was right about one thing: people do love to shop at Whole Foods – or at least, they used to. These days that demon called competition has caught up with the Austin-based company. Behemoths such as Kroger, Safeway, Target and even Walmart now offer a wide-range of organic produce for considerably less than “Whole Paycheck”. Mackey’s conscious company has gone from Wall Street darling to Wall Street basket case in the blink of an eye. The future of conscious capitalism appears equally bleak. To placate shareholders and mitigate declining same-store sales, last year the company jettisoned its unique purchasing model that wove together a network of autonomous regional production hubs of small farmers and mom-and-pop food startups. It’s now prioritizing a centralized, bulk-buying strategy that looks a lot like, well, Walmart. It also initiated a $1.25bn share buyback program and has promised to cut costs by $300m and raise same-store sales 2% by 2020. But according to its 13D filing, Jana Partners – whose founder and fund manager Barry Rosenstein recently bought the most expensive home in the US – wants even more. Like Whole Foods, Jana is experiencing a slump, suffering negative returns in 12 of the past 19 months; it’s expecting to cash in on its investment in the organics chain. A potential forced sale, most likely to private equity investors known for slash-and-burn tactics, remains on the near-term horizon. The point of this dour appraisal is not to crow over Whole Foods’ misfortune. It’s to take a hard look at models that claim to solve the ills of capitalism without challenging the in-built drives of our for-profit system. Mackey has loudly declared unions akin to herpes and state regulation little more than “crony capitalism” – that all we need to solve things like the climate crisis are better, smarter, “conscious” capitalists. The crisis of Whole Foods belies this notion. There’s no way to “fix” corporations’ compulsion to produce ever more, ever more cheaply. It’s written into the DNA of global capitalism. Attractive as the conscious capitalism model may be, we simply can’t rely on companies to deliver dignified workplaces, equitable models of food production or a better relationship between consumers and the planet. All stakeholders are not equal in our global economy, and even the best intentioned businesses run up against the implacable foes of profit and competition. Ultimately, the thorny problem of sustaining both decent livelihoods and a livable planet won’t be solved by buying better things. It’ll be solved through political struggle and demands that put people before profit. Topics Whole Foods Opinion Retail industry comment Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion selected sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion selected sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Opinion › Whole Foods the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart to webcast Annual Meeting of Shareholders and its question and answer session with the investment community BENTONVILLE, Ark., May 26, 2017 — Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) will host its Annual Meeting of Shareholders on Friday, June 2, as well as its question and answer session with the investment community. A live webcast of both sessions will be available at stock.walmart.com. The shareholders meeting will begin at 8 a.m. CDT and will conclude at approximately 11 a.m. CDT. The question and answer session with the investment community, led by Walmart President and CEO Doug McMillon, will begin at approximately 12:15 p.m. CDT. To access the live webcast of the session directly, click here. A transcript will also be available on Friday, June 2 on the company’s website. Additionally, shareholders can stay informed by following @WalmartNewsroom on Twitter and can join the conversation by using #WalmartShares. About Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Epidural Anesthesia Disposable Devices Market Projected To Grow At a Steady CAGR During Forecast Period Next PostNext Two day Project Management for Non-Project Managers Seminar (Linthicum, MD, United States – September 21-22, 2017) – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Gavin Phillips This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Windows This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Nancy Messieh Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: 16 Android Apps for Saving Money on (Almost) Everything Android 16 Android Apps for Saving Money on (Almost) Everything Dan Price May 29, 2017 29-05-2017 7 minutes 16 Android Apps for Saving Money on (Almost) Everything Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Very few of us save enough money. According to research by the Economic Policy Institute, almost half of American families have no long-term savings, and the national median is just $5,000. Given experts agree you should be saving at least 20 percent of your household income Save Money and Set Budgets With 5 Apps, Sites, and Free Ebooks Save Money and Set Budgets With 5 Apps, Sites, and Free Ebooks The ability to manage you finances and save money is a crucial life skill. Have you mastered it yet? Follow the right guidance and take the help of these apps. Read More every month, most of us clearly have a long way to go. Of course, saving isn’t easy. The burden of mortgages, student loans, and credit cards can quickly eat into your salary. It seems like we could all do with a little assistance. And that’s where your smartphone comes in. There are lots of apps that can help you shave a few dollars off all your expenses. Before you know it, you’ll have reached that magical 20 percent. Here are 16 Android apps that you help you save money on (almost) everything. Groceries and Shopping After you’ve paid bills and other fixed costs, grocery shopping is the next largest expense for most people. Download these apps and slash your supermarket bill. 1. SavingStar With offers often worth $5 or more, SavingStar is one of the best grocery coupon apps Forget Extreme Couponing! How to Save With Minimal Effort Forget Extreme Couponing! How to Save With Minimal Effort Extreme couponing is crazy, but you don't have to make a full-time job out of clipping coupons to save big. Here are practical tips on how to make saving with coupons easy. Read More in the Play Store. You don’t need to print anything — all the deals are offered and selected via your smartphone. Your account is linked to your loyalty cards at various stores. Big names such as Walmart, Target, Safeway, Albertsons, Kroger, Stop & Shop, and CVS are all part of the scheme. Download — SavingStar (Free) 2. Flipp It might be hard to believe, but some businesses still place ads in newspapers and local circulars. Frequently, you won’t find those ads online. Flipp grabs print media ads and flyers from more than 800 retailers, including Walmart, Walgreens, Home Depot, Macy’s, JCPenney, Best Buy, and Lowe’s. It’ll match your physical location to local deals in your area, so if you see a deal you like, just clip it to the app’s shopping list. Download — Flipp (Free) 3. Paribus How many times have you seen a store offer a “money back guarantee” if you can find the same product for a lower price elsewhere? And how many times have you bothered (or remembered) to check other stores? Paribus solves the problem by tracking your online purchases from major retailers. If the price drops in another shop, the app gets the refund for you (though it does keep 25 percent of the rebate for its trouble). Download — Paribus (Free) 4. GoodRX GoodRX lets you save money on your prescriptions and medication. The developers claim it can save you hundreds of dollars a month, even if you have insurance. It scans thousands of pharmacies to find the lowest prices, it searches for any available coupons, and it lets you know when there are sales on your specific medicines. Download — GoodRX (Free) Moving to a New Home Moving is one of the most stressful things you can do in your life. If you use these two apps, you’ll ease some of that stress. 5. Zillow Real Estate Zillow boasts values for more than 100 million homes around the United States, thus giving you an unrivaled insight into whether your next property offers value for money or is overpriced. It also lists the nearby schools and other amenities and provides links to local mortgage lenders and realtors. Download — Zillow Real Estate (Free) 6. Dwellr If you want to save money when you move, one of the biggest factors to consider is the cost of living in your new neighborhood How to Compare Cost of Living Between Two Cities How to Compare Cost of Living Between Two Cities Cost of living is a huge factor to consider before you move from one city to another. This tool makes it very easy to compare where you are with where you want to go. Read More . Cost of living goes beyond utility bills and grocery shopping. How much do schools cost? How far will your commute be? Is there a good public transportation system? Which internet service providers are available? Dwellr, an official app from the U.S. Census Bureau, collates 40 data points on every town in the country. You can even answer a quick survey, and it’ll recommend the best location for you to live. Download — Dwellr (Free) Financial Planning It’s no good saving a few dollars on your shopping if you’re not putting your savings to good use. Get your money working for you with these two apps. 7. Debt Payoff Planner Paying off your debts How to Visualize Your Debt & Stay Motivated While Paying It Off How to Visualize Your Debt & Stay Motivated While Paying It Off It's tough to stay motivated to keep paying off your debt, but visualizing it can make the process easier. Read More is the fastest way to save money. It’s so important that many “celebrity” financial planners say it’s the first thing you should do after saving a $1,000 emergency fund. To get rid of your debts you need two things: a well-planned strategy 3 Reasons Why the Debt Snowball Beats the Debt Avalanche 3 Reasons Why the Debt Snowball Beats the Debt Avalanche The debt snowball and debt avalanche are both great ways to pay off debt, but these three reasons will show you that the snowball is usually a better choice. Read More , and a way to monitor your progress. Download Debt Payoff Planner to track your debt reduction accomplishments. The app supports several proven strategies and gives you all the charts, projections, and graphs you could want. Download — Debt Payoff Planner (Free) 8. Goodbudget There are lots of budgeting apps in the store 5 Budget Apps You Should Use If You Really Want to Save Money 5 Budget Apps You Should Use If You Really Want to Save Money Here are the most effective budget apps currently available. Pick the one you like best. Read More , but my favorite is Goodbudget. It uses an “envelope” approach: just allocate how much money you want to spend on each category and stick to it. Log everything for few months, and you’ll quickly discover some areas where you can cut back. Download — Goodbudget (Free) Travel There’s nothing more satisfying for the soul than traveling the world 11 Android Apps You Need for Traveling the World 11 Android Apps You Need for Traveling the World If you're going to be travelling anytime soon, you need these apps. Read More , meeting new people, and experiencing different cultures. You’ll get all the fun without spending a fortune if you download these apps. 9. Rome2Rio Stepping out of the airport in a foreign land can be a daunting prospect. Taxi drivers want to rip you off, the train timetable is three years out of date, and rental car providers want to flog you a vastly overpriced insurance scheme. How do you know which is the cheapest and fastest way of getting from A to B? Simple. Download Rome2Rio. It’s a global transport planner than covers flights, trains, buses, ferries, and rental cars. Enter your destination, and you’ll get estimated travel times and fares for all possible routes. Download — Rome2Rio (Free) 10. HERE WeGo Slash roaming fees with HERE WeGo. It offers offline maps and GPS tracking The Top 4 Free Offline GPS Apps for Android The Top 4 Free Offline GPS Apps for Android No data connection? Don't worry! With these apps, you can continue to navigate without an issue. Read More , and also includes transport ticket prices and car-sharing information. It’s a must-have alternative to Google Maps Waze vs. Google Maps: Which App Will Navigate Home Faster Waze vs. Google Maps: Which App Will Navigate Home Faster Waze and Google Maps are both solid navigation apps, but which one is the best? Read More . Download — HERE WeGo (Free) 11. GasBuddy If you’d prefer a “staycation,” download GasBuddy. It’ll help you find the lowest gas prices in your local vicinity, which is especially useful if you’ve hired a car on the other side of the country. It’s even worth downloading if you live in a large metropolitan area and have a lot of gas stations to choose from. With the increasing fluctuations in global oil prices, it’s impossible to keep track of the deals without some help. Download — GasBuddy (Free) 12. Best Parking Finding cheap parking is a nightmare in larger cities. Costs are becoming astronomical; it’s often cheaper to take an Uber. Best Parking covers 105 cities and 115 airports in the United States and lists a price for each of them. You’ll never be ripped off again. Download — Best Parking (Free) For Students It’s tough being a student. All you want to do is spend money on parties and go on holiday 6 Deals That'll Make Your Next Vacation Amazing 6 Deals That'll Make Your Next Vacation Amazing Today we're going to look at six deals that'll take a trip from average to incredible. There's a discoutned DSLR camera, phone chargers, battery backups, Bluetooth speakers, eBooks, and much more! Read More , but your bank balance won’t allow it. Check out these two apps; they might help you live a little more. 13. Campus Special Parties and vacations are great, but let’s set our sights a little lower. Campus Special helping you save money on your daily food bill. It’s a coupon app Top 10 Sites for Online Coupons & Promotional Codes Top 10 Sites for Online Coupons & Promotional Codes It can be difficult to find the coupon codes you want when you need them most. Here are some quality websites dedicated to finding discounts and collecting coupons. Read More that focuses on offering you deals from restaurants and fast food places close to your campus. As you use the app, you can accumulate points, which you can then trade in for even bigger discounts. Download — Campus Special (Free) 14. NUS Extra This is one for our British readers. NUS Extra is the official app from the National Union of Students. It offers students in the UK savings on everything from the cinema to Spotify. You just need your student number to register and start saving. Download — NUS Extra (Free) Entertainment Life wouldn’t be any fun if you didn’t let your hair down occasionally. But you can be saving even when you’re out enjoying yourself. 15. Dice If live music is your thing Watch Recorded Live Shows From Metallica, James Brown & More with Music Vault Watch Recorded Live Shows From Metallica, James Brown & More with Music Vault Do you remember your first live gig? Wouldn't it be cool if you found footage of the occasion on the Internet? Music Vault might just have it. Read More , install Dice. Clubs, gigs, and festivals are all covered — you just buy your ticket via the app and show up at the door with your smartphone. So how does it help you save money? No booking fees. Download — Dice (Free) 16. Out to Eat With Kids If you’ve got a young family, it can be challenging to find a good spot to eat. As an adult, you want good food and cheap prices; your kids probably only care about whether their nuggets come with fries and if there’s a playground available. Out To Eat With Kids supplies menus and prices for children’s meals at thousands of eateries. You can filter by location and daily specials, and even slowly build a database of your favorite locations so that you never miss a deal. Download — Out to Eat With Kids (Free) Which Apps Do You Use? I’ve shown you 16 awesome apps to help you save money on almost anything. If you download and use all of them, you’ll be able to drastically cut back on your monthly expenses. I’d love to know what you would add to this list. Which apps are indispensable for someone who needs to slash their spending? As always, you can leave all your tips, recommendations, and opinions in the comments below. Image Credit: imnoom via Shutterstock.com Previous PostHow to Get Incoming Call Alerts on Windows 10 With AndroidNext PostYou Can Now Play Crazy Taxi Free on Your Smartphone 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Dan Price 419 articles Dan is a British expat living in Mexico. He is currently the Creative Editor for MakeUseOf and was formerly the Finance Editor. Prior to his writing career he was a Financial Consultant. He holds various certifications from the University of Leeds, the University of Cambridge, and the Chartered Insurance Institute.… Advertisement Latest Giveaways GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? Advertisement Trending Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right for You? Android Entertainment Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right… Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using Android Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You… This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Advertisement Related Articles Amazon Has Thousands of Digital Marvel Comics On Sale Right Now Deals Amazon Has Thousands of Digital Marvel Comics On Sale Right Now 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Productivity 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) 4 Ways Your Location Is Being Tracked Everywhere You Go Security 4 Ways Your Location Is Being Tracked Everywhere You Go Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News open Business open Opinion open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Obituaries open Jobs open Autos Real Estate open Classifieds open FIND&SAVE open Photos & Videos open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community open Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business open Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges open Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports open More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Girls Volleyball Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar open Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining open Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region Real-Time News from AL.com Memorial Day 2017: Are Walmart, Target, grocery stores open? Holiday hours Updated on May 29, 2017 at 8:37 AM Posted on May 29, 2017 at 1:02 AM Target and Walmart are open regular hours on Memorial Day. By Leada Gore lgore@al.com While Memorial Day is a time set aside to honor those who lost their lives in service to their country, the day also marks the traditional start of summer. And while banks, government offices and many businesses are closed, most major retailers remain open on Monday, May 29. Walmart, the nation's largest retailer, is open regular hours on Memorial Day. Stores hours will vary from location to location, so check with your local store for specifics but for many, it means a 2 a.m. trip to Walmart is still possible as most stores are open 24 hours. Target stores are also open on Memorial Day. Check with your favorite location for specific store hours. Home improvement stores such as Home Depot and Lowe's are open on Memorial Day. Most grocery stores are open for those last-minute items. Sam's Club are open from 7 a.m.-6 p.m. ; Costco, however, is closed on Memorial Day. Most restaurants are open on Memorial Day, as are the majority of pharmacies and drug stores. It will be business as usual for online retailers though there may be some shipping delays since the U.S. Postal Service, FedEx and UPS are closed on Monday. Banks, as well as U.S. financial markets, are closed today. Many stores have special sales on Memorial Day. You can see more about those here. View Comments About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Toggle navigation Entertainment All Entertainment TV Movies Covers Music Sports Cars Newsletter Culture All Culture Fashion Beauty Travel Food Education Cocktail & Beer News All News Business Politics Health Real Estate Criminal Behavior Obituaries Publisher's Blog Promotions Videos Videos Photos × Search Shame On You Woman locks kids in the trunk to go shopping, police say By Terry Shropshire  |  May 28, 2017 1:28 PM EST  |  10 Tori Lee Castillo (Courtesy of the Weber County Sheriffs Department) A woman in Utah has been arrested for committing alleged child abuse after witnesses reported to police that she locked her two kids in her car’s trunk at a Walmart parking lot to go shopping. Tori Lee Castillo, 39, was arrested in a suspected case of child abuse, the Associated Press reports, citing the Riverdale Police Department. Eyewitnesses told officers that the woman locked her two children, 2 and 5, in the trunk of her car before going to the local Walmart to shop. The witnesses said they heard the kids scratching and making other noises inside the car. Witnesses said they guided the kids to reach for an emergency latch to free themselves. Police: Utah woman locked her kids in trunk while she shopped https://t.co/c3hKBRu7M4 — Supra1BqTeam (@supra1Bqteam) May 27, 2017 The police were called to the scene and arrested the careless woman on her return to the parking lot. She remains in custody while her children have been taken away by social workers and handed over to a responsible party. The reasons behind the woman’s actions remained unknown. The bizarre incident with a fortunate ending stands out among many similar cases where parents often “forget” their children and lock them inside their cars, but never deliberately put them in the trunk. Besides being a criminal offense in some states, locking children in cars is potentially fatal, as they can suffocate or die of heat stroke if the vehicle is left in the sun. Metro Atlanta residents saw this tragedy play out when a father, Justin Ross Harris, was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole after deliberately locking his 22-month-old son, Cooper, in the family SUV while he worked all day. Cooper Harris died quickly in the 95-degree summer heat (which rose to well over 100 degrees in the locked vehicle). The small boy’s decomposing body was “discovered” by the father as he was driving home. The stench was so bad inside the car that it nearly caused the responding officer to regurgitate. Share this: Tweet More Email Print More on rollingout.com Walmart employees will now deliver online orders to customers’ homes Man impregnates girlfriend’s 10-year-old child after gaining family’s trust Why you should call the manager if you see this racist woman at Walmart   Man locks disabled child in hot car to get back at girlfriend Terry Shropshire I'm a lover of words, pictures, people and The Ohio State Buckeyes. A true journalist from the soul. Follow @RoyalTeeATL AND THEN THERE WAS ONE!!🔥 Am not surprised look at her skin color! SrAgri What a racist comment. One of the stories above is about a black man locking a disabled child in a hot car: http://rollingout.com/2017/05/25/man-locks-disabled-child-hot-car-get-back-girlfriend/ Race has nothing to do with cruelty. However, your immediately latching onto this the woman’s race says a lot about you. Mason Youngblood …coming from a racist with past racist comments in his account that he thinks is private. Hypocrite. SrAgri Really? You and ATTWO above are always making racist comments. I say that criminality is not tied to a person’s race, and I’m the racist?! Mason Youngblood Ooohhh..nooooow you wanna play innocent? Just like a typical racist..come to all the black on black crime stories and name call them apes and bulls#!t like that but turn around and play the fckin victim. I don’t give af how you try to turn this s#!t cause I have all you racist comments from stories and comments to me with your name on them ready to copy paste and post the same sh!t that you are trying to deny. SrAgri “…come to all the black on black crime stories and name call them apes and bulls#!t like that…” That is a bold-faced lie. I have never used racial slurs or called anyone apes or monkeys. You have, but I have never done that. AND THEN THERE WAS ONE!!🔥 Stfh SrAgri “Stfh” I have no idea what that means. At any rate, I seem to have made my point. AND THEN THERE WAS ONE!!🔥 Regurgitation!https://media.tenor.co/images/7e935e55e827d6d40c607f826c14e8bc/tenor.gif AND THEN THERE WAS ONE!!🔥 Makes me ill Most Talked About Woman charged in beating death of alleged front lawn masturbator 13 Why rape in Atlanta doubled after change in definition of the crime 11 Featured Video Major sings his hit song in Chicago 2 days ago Featured Photos Best images from the 10th annual Roots Picnic in Philly 19 hours ago   GoFundMe page started for cop charged in murder of mentally ill Black woman 2 Hot sauce abuse leads to resignations and termination at North Carolina jail 1 Woman charged in beating death of alleged front lawn masturbator 13 Man impregnates girlfriend’s 10-year-old child after gaining family’s trust 8 Fake news story about diarrhea outbreak at strip club goes viral 1 Woman locks kids in the trunk to go shopping, police say 10 Fired female LAPD cop disguised as a man accused of bank robbery 1 Why you should call the manager if you see this racist woman at Walmart   5 Man locks disabled child in hot car to get back at girlfriend 4 Atlanta metro sheriff who exposed himself in park decides his own punishment 1 Child’s porn internet search at school reveals sexual abuse by father 3 Murder suspect’s claim girlfriend choked during oral sex disputed 6 © Rolling Out. Contact Us Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. marketing automation
68.0° My Account Digital Account Print Account Text Alerts Planit Save Account Contact Us Sections Towns Batavia Geneva St. Charles Elburn Sugar Grove More Towns News News Home Local Election Central Get Newsletter Crime and Courts Government Education Local Business Town News and Info Community Dining Police Reports 2017 Election Results Finance Face Time Corrections Sports Sports Home Preps Columns Chicago Steel Kane County Cougars Community Sports Athlete of the Month Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Bears Features A&E Artist Q&A Books Chit Chat Everyday Heroes Features Food & Drink Health Lifestyle Movies Music Mystery Diner Planit Kane Taste of the Town Theater Weekend Life Opinion Opinion Home Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Editorial Cartoons Share Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Campus Report Eagle Scout Engagement Announcement Girl Scout Gold Award recipient Join the Birthday Club Letters to the Editor Local Band Spotlight Neighbors Press Release Service Report Share Photos Sidetracks Press Release Submit an Event Support Group Listings Wedding Announcement Contact Us About Us Advertise Business Showcase Celebrations Contact Coupons Deals Dining e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Fox River Bike Trails Forms Kane County Magazine Public Notices RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Weather More Photos and Lists Obituaries Today's Ads Photo Store Video News Video Live Video Events Planit Kane Pro Football Weekly Election Central Market Place Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Digital Access Access kcchronicle.com from all your digital devices and receive breaking news and updates from around the area. Sign InSubscribe Home Delivery Want to make sure you receive the latest local news? We’ve got you covered! Get the best in local news, sports, community events, with focus on what’s coming up for the weekend. Weekly mail subscription offers Subscribe Text Alerts Choose your news! Select the text alerts you want to receive: breaking news, prep sports, weather, and more. Text alerts are a free service from Kane County Chronicle, but text rates may apply. Sign Up Email Newsletters Sign up for free email alerts. We'll deliver news & updates to your inbox. Sign Up Online Newspaper SectionsSubscribe Local Batavia police reports May 28, 2017 • Silyda Dudley, 21, of the 900 block of North Avenue, Batavia, was cited May 18 for possession of 10 grams or less of marijuana at the Shell gas station, 108 N. Batavia Ave., Batavia, while Angel D. Holland, 20, of the 1000 block of Foran Lane, Aurora, was charged with obstructing identification and driving with a suspended license. • Luke P. Freiburger, 23, of the 1200 block of Crestview Drive, Batavia, was charged May 18 with retail theft at Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • Yolanda DK Sullivan, 30, of the 1800 block of South Fifth Place, St. Charles, was charged May 18 with retail theft less than $300 at Kohl's, 251 N. Randall Road, Batavia, while Velma L. Sullivan, 56, of the same address, was charged with retail theft greater than $300. • Jackelyn P. Harley, 30, of the 2S100 block of Harter Road, Kaneville, was charged May 18 with retail theft less than $300 at Kohl's, 251 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • A burglary to a motor vehicle was reported May 18 in the 1100 block of West Wilson Street, Batavia, listing the loss of $135 in cash, a watch valued at $450 and a radar detector valued at $225. • Steven R. Lapradd, 33, of the 35W300 block of Bonfield Drive, St. Charles, was charged May 19 with retail theft less than $300 at Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • Gary D. Wells, 54, of the 1200 block of Wind Energy Pass, Batavia, was charged May 19 with driving under the influence of alcohol. • Harassment by electronic communication was reported May 20 in the 300 block of Union Avenue, Batavia, involving two unknown people. • Consumption of alcohol by minors was reported May 20 in the 200 block of Bradford Circle, Batavia. Karen M. Gillis, 52, of the 200 block of Bradford Circle, Batavia, was ticketed for an unlawful residential gathering. Three youths were ticketed for unlawful consumption of alcohol: Natalie K. Grinnell, 18, of the 3100 block of Preakness Drive, Aurora; Berke E.R. Bearrick, 19, of the 39W700 block of Carl Sandburg Road, St. Charles; and Meghan M. Razimoff, 19, of the 0-99 block of Jericho Lane, Batavia. • Identity theft was reported May 21 in the 1200 block of Anderson Drive, Batavia, involving an account opened under another person's name. • Three Batavians were ticketed May 22 for possession of 10 grams or less of marijuana and for possession of drug paraphernalia in the 1100 block of Pine Court, Batavia. They are Andrew Armstrong, 18, of the 100 block of Richter Drive; Susanne M. Williams, 28, of the 1200 block of Brandywine Circle; and River D. Snyder, 19, of the 1100 block of Pine Court. • A report of fraud was made May 22 in the 1600 block of Beels Court, Batavia, involving a computer and possible access to personal information. • A report of deceptive practices was made May 22 in the 300 block of Meadowrue Lane, Batavia, involving a phone caller who attempted to obtain money through money cards. • A report of burglary to a motor vehicle was made May 23 in the 200 block of Landfield Road, Batavia, involving two vehicles from which nothing was reported taken. • Fraud was reported May 23 at Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • Fraud was reported May 23 at Menards, 300 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • Robert A. Wagner, 41, of the 500 block of South 13th Avenue, St. Charles, was charged May 23 with domestic battery in the 300 block of Meadowrue Lane, Batavia. Related Links Mill Creek pilot program in Geneva recycles food scraps into compost Batavia chiropractor from Geneva honored for specialized medical care Chop Around the Clock in Batavia to aid Ronald McDonald's Children's Charities WellBatavia, farmers market and 5K to set city in motion Batavia seeks funds for stormwater work The Results are in! See all the Best of the Fox winners here! Click Here AboutContactAdvertiseSubscribe Terms of ServicePrivacy PolicyEditorial Principles About Our AdsPlace a Classified AdCareersCopyright © 2017 Kane County Chronicle. All rights reserved. Published in St. Charles, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. FacebookTwitterCommentsEmailPrintMore Google+RedditPinterestTumblr
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Circulars Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscriber Services Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Circulars Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Human Interest Sand, sea and sunsets aside, 'Mad Beach' just can't relax US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Saudia Arabia, three other nations, cut diplomatic ties with Qatar Late goal gives Rowdies tie vs. Charlotte Warriors go up 2-0 in NBA Finals in coach Steve Kerr's return Dick Greco contemplating a return to Tampa One driver accused of seven hit-and-run crashes across Tampa Bay area News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana National How a 'shadow' universe of charities joined with political warriors to fuel Trump's rise Top News How a 'shadow' universe of charities joined with political warriors to fuel Trump's rise Another backroom deal stokes distrust in Florida's Legislature Kriseman's door-to-door effort targets citizens who have never voted for St. Pete mayor Despite extra dollars for schools, controversial bill remains a concern for many Local projects take hit as Rick Scott vetoes more than $400 million from budget Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Bucs 2017 NFL Draft Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors Rowdies More The Heater Sudden slump raises question: Which version of Rays is real? Golf Auto Racing Storm Rays Opening Day gifs Spring Training Steven Stamkos Jameis Winston Evan Longoria Top News Late goal gives Rowdies tie vs. Charlotte Florida advances to softball World Series final series; USF out, FSU alive in region baseball Sudden slump raises question: Which version of Rays is real? Tom Jones' 2 Cents: NHL needs more Subbans Warriors go up 2-0 in NBA Finals in coach Steve Kerr's return Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2017 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Events Top things to do in Tampa Bay for June 3 Top News St. Petersburg Opera Co. toasts love and art in 'The Tales of Hoffmann' A rained-out Led Zeppelin concert caused a riot at Tampa Stadium 40 years ago today Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Another Trump rant and foolish decision on climate change Top Opinion Editorial: Florida budget deal trades cash for bad policy Editorial: No compelling case for sending more troops to Afghanistan Editorial: An inspiring choice to lead St. Petersburg College Column: Haley Veterans' Hospital committed to being top choice for vets Maxwell: Kennedy Space Center opens new worlds for grandsons Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Worse than the pain? The shame of endometriosis Top News A Visit to Folly Farm in Safety Harbor - Photos by Douglas R. Clifford 'He broke me': A defiant, tearful Kathy Griffin slams attacks by Trump and his family Why 'The Great British Baking Show' is the best thing on Netflix Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test The Buzz From the staff of the Tampa Bay Times Subscribe to RSS Winner and loser of the week in Florida politics Adam C. Smith, Times Political Editor Link View all Articles Sunday, May 28, 2017 6:40am My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged 28 May 0 Comments Winner of the week 1: 'Liquor wall’ proponents. Gov. Rick Scott’s veto of a bill to allow Walmart, Target and other big box stores to sell liquor was a victory for an array of groups, from smaller merchants and Publix (which has stand-alone booze shops near its stores) to those who feel the hard stuff should be harder to access. Bonus: Scott got to stick it to Speaker Corcoran, who supported breaking down the wall and whose brother is a lobbyist for Walmart. Winner II: Florida women. Say goodbye to sales tax on tampons and sanitary napkins, among the package of tax cuts Gov. Scott signed last week. RELATED NEWS/ARCHIVE Why's Pam Bondi raising money? Not to run for office, she says 2 Weeks Ago Winner and loser of the week in Florida politics 3 Months Ago Winner and loser of the week in Florida politics 2 Months Ago Loser of the week 1: John Morgan. The trial lawyer flirting with running for for governor had insisted he led the campaign to legalize medical marijuana for altruistic reasons. But he's now  poised to invest up to $100 million in the industry. For the People? Smells more more like may have been mainly For John Morgan's all along. Loser of the week II: Early voting. Body slamming Montana Congressman-elect Greg Gianforte's election won election last week, his anger eruption over a reporter's policy question coming after most of the votes already had been cast. The incident highlighted the serious downside of casting votes early - as most Floridians now do - before you may have all the information needed to assess a candidate. [Last modified: Saturday, May 27, 2017 8:56am]      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Click here to sign up for our 'Daily Buzz on Florida Politics’ newsletter Get the day’s five most important links in Florida politics in an email from the Tampa Bay Times' political team sent at 3 p.m. Monday through Friday.   Blog Search About the blog For Florida political news today, the Buzz is your can't-miss-it source. Tampa Bay Times writers offer the latest in Florida politics, the Florida Legislature and the Rick Scott administration. Keep in mind: This is a public forum sponsored and maintained by the Tampa Bay Times. When you post comments here, what you say becomes public and could appear in the newspaper. You are not engaging in private communication with candidates or Times staffers. E-mail Times political editor Adam Smith: asmith@tampabay.com Political News More How a 'shadow' universe of charities joined with political warriors to fuel Trump's rise 6/04/17 Guest lineups for the Sunday TV news shows 6/03/17 Paul Manafort, he's a Florida man, too 6/03/17 Another backroom deal stokes distrust in Florida's Legislature 6/03/17 Kriseman's door-to-door effort targets citizens who have never voted for St. Pete mayor 6/03/17 Today's top stats Archives May317 Apr295 Mar325 Feb240 Jan31 Nov95 Oct373 Sep342 Aug360 Jul286 Jun360 Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Photo reprints and licensing Article reprints and licensing Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2017 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May chain store sales to be released June 1 Shutterstock photo What’s Happening Mega retailer Wal-Mart ( WMT ) has traded sharply higher over the last three months, and an upbeat May chain store sales report on June 1 could drive shares even higher. WMT has appreciated 13.6% on the year. Technical Analysis WMT was recently trading at $77.99, down $1.45 from its 12-month high and $12.71 above its 12-month low. Technical indicators for WMT are bullish and the stock is in a strong upwards trend. The stock has recent support above $74.95 and has recent resistance below $79.50. Of the 22 analysts who cover the stock, nine rate it a „strong buy”, 11 rate it a „hold”, and two rate it a „strong sell”. The stock receives S&P Capital IQ’s 5 STARS „Strong Buy” ranking. Analyst’s Thoughts The recent earnings season was mixed for the retail sector, but the stocks that really got hit the hardest are those that have failed to keep pace in the digital age. Brick and mortar retailers that have failed to boost their online sales suffered, as Amazon.com ( AMZN ) continues to shake up the sector and punish traditional retailers. While there were plenty of disappointments, the overall retail picture remains upbeat. Chain store sales represent around 10% of overall retail sales, so they do paint a picture of the overall retail sector. A wide range of retailers will release their May sales numbers, and Wall Street will use these reports to gauge the health of the overall sector as we head into the summer months. Given Wal-Mart’s recent strength and its ability to boost online sales, the stock should continue moving higher as long as there are no significantly negative news in this month’s reports. Stock Only Trade If you’re looking to establish a long stock position in WMT, consider buying the stock under $78.00. Sell if it falls below $70.25 or take profits if it gets to $89.75. Bullish Trade If you want a bullish hedged trade on the stock, consider an August 70/72.50 bull-put credit spread for a 25-cent credit. That’s a potential 11.1% return (48.3% annualized*) and the stock would have to fall 6.7% to cause a problem. Bearish Trade If you are looking for a bearish hedged option trade on WMT, consider an August 82.50/85 bear-call credit spread for a 20-cent credit. That’s a potential 8.7% return (37.8% annualized*) and the stock would have to climb 6.0% to cause a problem. Covered Call Trade To purchase the stock with a lower cost basis, consider a September $80.00 covered call. Buy WMT shares (typically 100 shares, scale as appropriate), while selling the September $80.00 call for a debit of $76.50 per share. The trade has a target assigned return of 4.5%, and a target annualized return of 14.9% (for comparison purposes only). The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. Originally published on InvestorsObserver.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Adolfson & Peterson Construction Breaks Ground with Wiggins Community Next PostNext Ciena Corp. to report second-quarter results June 1 Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Cleveland.com Menu Home News open Politics open Local News open Opinion open Business open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate open Rentals open Videos open Photos open Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds open Find&Save Local Businesses open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists open Courts Nation World Special Reports open Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Know the RX: Opioid addiction resources Remaking The Q Stolen in the Suburbs Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns open Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Bill Livingston Dennis Manoloff Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining open Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Business KeyBank customer is irate that his ATM card can be used without his PIN: Money Matters Posted on May 28, 2017 at 1:00 AM By Teresa Dixon Murray, The Plain Dealer tmurray@plaind.com File photo  Q: I recently found out by accident that the ATM-only card I received from KeyBank can also be used as a debit card. I discovered that two purchases over the last year were deducted from my checking account without my knowledge. For the last purchase, either I or a cashier at Walmart in North Olmsted chose the debit card option for a sale of $14.23 on March 4, 2017. I never entered a PIN. I still have the receipt. I was unaware of this transaction until I went on the KeyBank website and saw the purchase listed as a checking account transaction. I absolutely do not want a debit card of any sort or any credit card linked to my checking account.  I want to unlink this card from my checking account, and I would like to know how to do so.   T.R., North Olmsted   A: We'll put this in the category of You Learn Something New Every Day.   And it's a rather disturbing realization. It appears you were able to use your ATM-only card without your PIN and without a signature for small transactions. I'm a bit stunned. To be clear, an ATM-only card doesn't have a MasterCard or Visa logo, and shouldn't be ale to used without a PIN. After much back and forth with KeyBank, the bank was unclear whether you were using an ATM card, or debit card, or credit card. A credit card would not be linked to your checking account. A debit card would, but you don't have one. Your ATM card would, but would require a PIN.   You insist it was an ATM card that you used without your PIN.   Key spokeswoman Drez Jennings said people who use KeyBank ATM cards -- not a debit card with the MasterCard logo -- can indeed use those cards for point-of-sale transactions totaling up to $500 per day. Normally, consumers would have to enter their PIN, however.   But Jennings added that it's up to merchants -- not the bank -- whether to require a PIN on small point-of-sale transactions, meaning those of $50 or less. This is important.   So in theory, someone could take your ATM-only card or, worse yet, my ATM-only card, and use it at a merchant for small purchases without the PIN and of course without a signature. Just swipe and go.   You said a KeyBank representative also told you your ATM-only card could be used at the point-of-sale for purchases up to $500, with a PIN.   But how about those under $50 transactions? That was a bit of a head-scratcher.   You conducted an experiment. You went to Walmart and made a small purchase using your ATM-only card, without the PIN. "A few days later, the purchase showed up as a debit transaction from my KeyBank online checking account history. I did not need to enter a PIN during the transaction," you said.   I have long known that ATM-only cards could be used at just about any point-of-sale location where there's a PIN pad, so the four-digit PIN can be entered. But it appears that in some cases, an ATM card can be used for small purchases without the PIN, if the merchant doesn't require it for small dollar amounts. This is bad. You said you've stopped carrying your ATM-only card around in your wallet because you're concerned that, if you lose it, anyone who finds it could tap your checking account for bunches of small purchases.   I'm interested in whether anyone else has experienced this, whether you're a customer of Key or another bank: Have you been able to use an ATM-only card (one without a Visa or MasterCard log) for a small purchase without a PIN? Please let me know by emailing me at tmurray@plaind.com or text me at 216-316-7064.   Q: I wanted to give you a heads-up on a new scam. This was passed along by someone else. Here's the story: Wednesday a week ago, I had a phone call from someone saying that he was from some outfit called: "Express Couriers,"(The name could be any courier company) He asked if I was going to be home because there was a package for me that required a signature. The caller said that the delivery would arrive at my home in roughly an hour. Sure enough, about an hour later, a uniformed delivery man turned up with a beautiful basket of flowers and a bottle of wine. I was very surprised since there was no special occasion or holiday, and I certainly didn't expect anything like it. Intrigued, I inquired as to who the sender was. The courier replied, "I don't know, I'm only delivering the package." Apparently, a card was being sent separately... (the card has never arrived!) There was also a consignment note with the gift.   He then went on to explain that because the gift contained alcohol, there was a $3.50 "delivery/ verification charge," providing proof that he had actually delivered the package to an adult (of legal drinking age), and not just left it on the doorstep where it could be stolen or taken by anyone, especially a minor.   This sounded logical and I offered to pay him cash. He then said that the delivery company required payment to be by credit or debit card only, so that everything is properly accounted for, and this would help in keeping a legal record of the transaction.   He added couriers don't carry cash to avoid loss or likely targets for robbery.   My husband, who by this time was standing beside me, pulled out his debit card, and the "delivery man" asked him to swipe the card on a small mobile card machine with a small screen and keypad. My husband was asked to enter his PIN number and a receipt was printed out. He was given a copy of the transaction.  The guy said everything was in order, and wished us good day. To our horrible surprise, between Thursday and the following Monday,  $4,000 had been charged/withdrawn from our account at various ATM machines.  Apparently the "mobile credit card machine," which the deliveryman carried had all the info necessary to create a "dummy" card with all our card details including the PIN number.   Upon finding out about the illegal transactions on our card, we immediately notified the bank, which issued us a new card. We also went to the police, where it was confirmed that it is definitely a scam because several households had been similarly hit. Tim Dimoff, SACS Consulting & Investigative Services, Akron A: I almost thought this was an urban legend or old wives' tale, just because I couldn't imagine someone providing this type of information to a stranger, to pay for a shipment that hadn't been ordered and the sender was unknown.   But lo and behold, a little research indicates this scam surfaced about 10 years ago, and apparently it's back. Ugh. So, don't accept surprise shipments or gifts, especially if you're expected to pay something for them. And don't give out financial information to strangers. Ever.   View Comments About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
VFW Raises Money for Veterans - Beckley, Bluefield & Lewisburg News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY CBS59 Opioids, Overdoses and Options News Local News Crime & Punishment International Missing Persons National Virginia Headlines Strange and Unusual News West Virginia Headlines Weather Download the StormTracker59 App 7-Day Forecast Radar - StormTracker 59 Local Temps National Temps Regional Sat/Rad Regional Temperatures School Closings Weather Watches & Warnings Sports High School Basketball Scores Inside Track WV Illustrated Video Community The Wedding Zone 2017 Community Calendar Fill Your Plate in the Mountain State Hooked on Science What's On WVNS CBS/FOX TV Schedule Contests WVNS-TV and Dunkin' Donuts Breakfast Club Give-away Salute My Dad Contest 2017 Youth Tennis Clinic Giveaway 2017 About Us Contact Us Meet the Team EEO Files FCC Public Inspection File Tactive Digital Work With Us FOX59 VFW Raises Money for Veterans Posted: Monday, May 29, 2017 7:29 PM EDT Updated: Monday, May 29, 2017 7:29 PM EDT By Shannon Clowe, Reporter/Weekend Anchor Email Connect sclowe@wvnstv.com MACARTHUR - Members with the Veterans of Foreign Wars showed their support for those who have served our country this Memorial Day. All day today VFW members were at the Walmart in MacArthur handing out Poppys. The poppy's were free, but the organization was accepting donations. Their goal this year is to raise $1,800. The VFW puts all of the money raised straight toward helping veterans. "It's very important because this is actually our life blood, by doing this poppy drive is the life blood. It's also in memory of the veterans, past and present," said the VFW District 5 Commander, Bill Cusson. For those who weren't able to make it out there today, the VFW accepts donations at the Beckley location on South Kanawha street. WeatherMore>> GO / View Larger >> 7 Day Forecast School Closings Predictor WVNS-TV P.O. Box 509 Ghent, WV 25843 Main (304) 787-5959 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 WorldNow and WVNS Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
null
null
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Apple Hospitality REIT Inc (APLE) Receives $18.00 Consensus PT from Brokerages Head-To-Head Survey: Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated (COKE) & The Coca-Cola (KO) Essilor International SA (ESLOY) Given $70.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Premier Foods Spon (PRRFY) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Brokerages Anticipate Coherent, Inc. (COHR) to Announce $3.45 EPS Radius Health Inc (RDUS) PT Set at $65.00 by Cantor Fitzgerald Gap Inc (GPS) Upgraded by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. to “Buy” NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) Given a $32.00 Price Target by Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Wal-Mart Stores’ (WMT) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Wells Fargo & Co Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc (FIS) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $2.35 Billion Verastem Inc (VSTM) Given a $6.00 Price Target at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Canadian National Railway (CNI) Will Announce Earnings of $0.94 Per Share $0.62 Earnings Per Share Expected for Papa John's Int'l, Inc. (PZZA) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate CarMax, Inc (KMX) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $4.52 Billion Anixter International Inc. (AXE) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $2.03 Billion Cerner Co. (CERN) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.57 Per Share Analysts Expect Cerner Co. (CERN) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.30 Billion Brokerages Set Antero Midstream GP LP (AMGP) PT at $26.89 Euronav NV (EURN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Norbord Inc. (OSB) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Investors Buy Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) on Weakness Following Insider Selling May 29th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Investors purchased shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) on weakness during trading hours on Monday following insider selling activity. $114.40 million flowed into the stock on the tick-up and $62.25 million flowed out of the stock on the tick-down, for a money net flow of $52.15 million into the stock. Of all equities tracked, Wal-Mart Stores had the 8th highest net in-flow for the day. Wal-Mart Stores traded down ($0.18) for the day and closed at $78.13Specifically, insider David Chojnowski sold 5,142 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $79.36, for a total transaction of $408,069.12. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 4,542,361 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.54, for a total value of $320,418,144.94. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 6,748,580 shares in the company, valued at approximately $476,044,833.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 15,188,951 shares of company stock worth $1,132,501,377 in the last quarter. 51.55% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. WMT has been the topic of several recent analyst reports. TheStreet upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Bank of America Corp upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and boosted their target price for the stock from $76.00 to $88.00 in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Vetr upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.31 target price on the stock in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $86.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $84.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $78.15. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The firm had revenue of $116.53 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $117.01 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.98 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. A number of institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of WMT. Hussman Strategic Advisors Inc. boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 5,000.0% in the third quarter. Hussman Strategic Advisors Inc. now owns 102,000 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $7,356,000 after buying an additional 100,000 shares during the last quarter. Argentus Capital Management LLC boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 27.6% in the third quarter. Argentus Capital Management LLC now owns 10,229 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $738,000 after buying an additional 2,215 shares during the last quarter. SOL Capital Management CO boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 4.9% in the third quarter. SOL Capital Management CO now owns 8,367 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $603,000 after buying an additional 394 shares during the last quarter. Aperio Group LLC boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 19.4% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 1,420,175 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $102,423,000 after buying an additional 231,105 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Balasa Dinverno & Foltz LLC boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 12.2% in the third quarter. Balasa Dinverno & Foltz LLC now owns 8,673 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $625,000 after buying an additional 941 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 29.69% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Investors Buy Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) on Weakness Following Insider Selling” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/29/investors-buy-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-on-weakness-following-insider-selling.html. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sign in News Big South Fork Local News Region/State Features Obituaries Sports Oneida Outdoors Scott Opinion More Public Notices Apartments Real Estate Help Wanted Yard Sales Services Classifieds Community Calendar Church News Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search 70.4 F Oneida, TN Sign in / Join E-Edition Subscribe Advertise Blogs Eye to the Sky Editor’s Notes Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Independent Herald News AllBig South ForkLocal NewsRegion/State Local News TBI says suspect’s autopsy could take weeks to complete Local News Teacher accused of giving meth to students Big South Fork A step-by-step guide to Hurricane Ridge hike Big South Fork Hike of the week: Hurricane Ridge Features Big South Fork Big South Fork’s mysterious Chi Rho Features Coming Home: Anthony Smith to perform local concert Features Family, customer service guide Baby J’s Features Nearly 10,000 bibles later, ‘The Bible People’ are still going strong Features O&W Cafe: Oneida’s niche restaurant Obituaries Sports AllOneidaOutdoorsScott Oneida Oneida’s Dishman signs with Union College Outdoors A quick guide to snakes in the Cumberlands Scott Scott Track: Scott runners advance to sectional finals Opinion Opinion Garrett: For success-hungry Vols fans, 7.5 wins aren’t enough Opinion Garrett: Obituary tells the tale of an 87-year love story Opinion Oden: Why I picked up a shotgun after four years Opinion Garrett: Heavy rains turned Norris into a tourist sideshow Opinion Garrett: Governor’s tax hike is a good start towards good roads More Public Notices Apartments Real Estate Help Wanted Yard Sales Services Classifieds Community Calendar Church News Home News Local News Conclusion of TBI investigation expected by mid-week News Local News Conclusion of TBI investigation expected by mid-week By IH Staff - May 29, 2017 2503 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Harlan Lewallen The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation's probe into the death of a Georgia man killed in an officer-involved shooting in Oneida Saturday morning is expected to be concluded by the middle of the week. Scott County Sheriff Ronnie Phillips told the Independent Herald Monday that the TBI is expected to wrap up its preliminary investigation by mid-week, at which point it will turn its findings over to the office of District Attorney General Jared Effler, who requested the external investigation as a formality. Ron "Harlan" Lewallen, 30, of Dalton, Ga., was killed shortly after 12:30 a.m. Saturday morning, after he allegedly nearly struck law enforcement officers with his vehicle. Lewallen, who had a lengthy criminal history, was the driver of a vehicle that led law enforcement officers from both the Sheriff's Department and Oneida Police Department on a brief chase through Oneida before shots were fired near the intersection of Alberta Street and Depot Street. Both local law enforcement agencies have been silent on the incident, deferring questions to the TBI. As a matter of standard procedure, the state agency offers little comment on its investigations, which it conducts into all officer-involved shootings. The agency said Saturday that Lewallen was pronounced dead at the scene, after his vehicle crashed a short distance from where he nearly struck several law enforcement officers. That altercation followed a pursuit through Oneida, which witnesses told the Independent Herald started near Walmart on the "Four-Lane" section of Alberta Street, some 1.5 miles north of where officers eventually stopped Lewallen's vehicle in the parking lot of a convenience store at the intersection of Alberta and Depot streets. The TBI said that officers were successful in removing a female passenger, who has not been named, from the vehicle. But, the agency said, Lewallen refused to comply with officers' demands and accelerated his vehicle, nearly striking at least one of the officers. The agency did not say whether Lewallen was intentionally attempting to strike officers with the vehicle or was making a bid to escape. The agency also did not specified whether Lewallen died from gunshot wounds or from injuries sustained in the crash, though reports have indicated that he died of gunshot wounds. The TBI has not named the officers involved, which also keeps with standard procedure. Nor has it said how many shots were fired. It is not known whether Lewallen was armed, or the circumstances leading to the initial efforts to stop his vehicle. Phillips said Monday that at least some of that information will be released after the TBI wraps up its preliminary investigation this week. Alberta Street was closed from Depot Street to Beets Avenue for several hours Saturday morning as the TBI conducted its investigation. The Tennessee Highway Patrol also joined law enforcement agencies on the scene. Lewallen had a lengthy criminal history, mostly in north Georgia, where he had been arrested multiple times for offenses ranging from drug possession to shoplifting to felony probation violation. He was also a prison parolee, which likely would have prevented him from legally leaving the State of Georgia. Saturday's incident was not the first time Lewallen interfered with officers attempting to take him into arrest. In November 2012, he was charged in Whitfield County, Ga., with willful obstruction of law enforcement officers. Lewallen had family ties in Scott County. His father, Ronald Lewallen, of Pioneer, died in Scott County in December 2015. A friend of the family said Lewallen occasionally visited the local community. Saturday's incident marked the third officer-involved shooting in Scott County in the past 10 months. In July 2016, Arthur "June Bug" Letner, 50, of Helenwood, was shot and wounded at his home in the Cherry Fork neighborhood after lunging with a knife at a domestic violence officer from the Scott County Sheriff's Department who was attempting to serve an arrest warrant as part of an investigation into Letner's alleged assault on his girlfriend. One month later, Shannon O'Regan, 30, of Pine Knot, Ky., was shot and wounded in the parking lot of the Oneida Walmart after wielding a handgun as Oneida Police Department officers arrived on scene following reports of a domestic disturbance between O'Regan and his girlfriend. Both men recovered fully from their injuries and were later indicted by a Scott County grand jury. Statewide, there have been 19 officer-involved shootings since Jan. 1, 2017. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet IH Staff Contact the Independent Herald at newsroom@ihoneida.com. Follow us on Twitter, @indherald. Stay connected 6,452FansLike 379FollowersFollow 1,142FollowersFollow LATEST STORIES Another cool-down is coming | Eye to the Sky June 4, 2017 TBI says suspect’s autopsy could take weeks to complete June 1, 2017 Teacher accused of giving meth to students June 1, 2017 Looking for summer? Don’t hold your breath | Eye to the... May 30, 2017 A step-by-step guide to Hurricane Ridge hike May 30, 2017 - Advertisement - Follow us on Instagram @indherald EDITOR'S PICKS Looking for summer? Don’t hold your breath | Eye to the... May 30, 2017 Lyles: ‘Find veterans and learn a little about them’ May 29, 2017 Conclusion of TBI investigation expected by mid-week May 29, 2017 MOST COMMENTED Another cool-down is coming | Eye to the Sky June 4, 2017 West resigns as Oneida High School golf coach January 10, 2017 Honey Creek: Rugged terrain makes for spectacular hike January 10, 2017 TODAY'S MOST READ Another cool-down is coming | Eye to the Sky June 4, 2017 TBI says suspect’s autopsy could take weeks to complete June 1, 2017 Teacher accused of giving meth to students June 1, 2017 ABOUT USThe Independent Herald was founded in America's 200th year, in the spirit of 1976. Published in Oneida, Tennessee, the weekly newspaper serves as the voice of the Cumberlands and Big South Fork country. Contact us: newsroom@ihoneida.com FOLLOW US E-Edition Subscribe Advertise Blogs Eye to the Sky Editor’s Notes © 2017 Independent Herald, Liberty Press Inc. MORE STORIES County budget given final OK July 8, 2014 Search for wanted man leads to three arrests March 14, 2017 Complaint case against finance director closed June 10, 2014
St George News 91 103/71 Mon 100/71 Tue 100/71 Police: Woman locks her kids in trunk while shopping at Wal-Mart Written by Joseph Witham May 27, 2017 Stock image, St. George News ST. GEORGE — A 39-year-old woman was arrested in Riverdale, Utah, after she allegedly locked her two young children in the trunk of her car while she went inside a Wal-Mart store to shop. Witnesses heard the children ages 2 and 5 making noise and saw the car shaking, got the older child to pull the emergency latch and called 911, Riverdale Police said. The woman, Tori Lee Castillo, was jailed on suspicion of child abuse after being arrested Thursday evening when she returned to the car. The state child welfare was contacted and the children were turned over to a responsible party, Riverdale Police Lt. Casey Warren said. Read more: What to do if you spot people, pets inside a deadly hot car Castillo was charged with four counts of child abuse and held on $4,000 bond. She was also charged with one count of retail theft. This report is based on preliminary information provided by law enforcement and may not contain the full scope of findings. Persons arrested or charged are presumed innocent until found guilty in a court of law or as otherwise decided by a trier-of-fact. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Email: jwitham@stgnews.com Twitter: @STGnews Copyright St. George News, SaintGeorgeUtah.com LLC, 2017, all rights reserved. Related Stories Baby left in hot car for 2.5 hours flown to hospital in critical condition 13 What to do if you spot people, pets inside a deadly hot car 12 Death of Texas autistic child in hot car raises national toll to 15 for 2015 2 New car seat design helps prevent children from being left in hot cars 8 Free News Delivery by Email Would you like to have the day's news stories delivered right to your inbox every evening? Enter your email below to start! About the Author Joseph Witham is a Utah Valley University graduate with a bachelor's degree in communication. He loves the Utah outdoors scene and is likely to be found camping or hiking in any one of the state's epic landscapes on a given weekend. He is equally passionate about writing and was published in various news media, including The Daily Herald in Utah County, before joining St. George News. Posted in Local, NewsTagged cedar city, child abuse, child left in car, Class C misdemeanor, kids in trunk, Riverdale, Tori Lee Castillo, Wal-Mart, Weber County Sheriff's Office 2 Comments 42214 May 28, 2017 at 8:06 pm Log in to Reply The bad part of the story is she should not have locked the kids in the trunk, the good news is there were 2 less scraming kids raising cane in Walmart disrupting the peace and quiet of innocent shoppers. Now go ahead and pile on using your secret monikers like Voice of Reason but you gotta admit I make a good point. SteveSGU May 29, 2017 at 3:17 pm Log in to Reply Children locked in like that can die. D-E-A-D. Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. New   See Local Sale Circulars St George News Facebook Google+ Twitter Youtube Subscribe to RSS Submit News Advertise With Us Contact Us Employment About Us | Archives | Editorial Policy | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Copyright © 2010 - 2017 StGeorgeUtah.com LLC, all rights reserved News Sports Local Experts Coupons Arrests Obituaries Autos Classifieds No Filter Calendar Dining Movies Jobs Hotels Golf News Menu News Series Arrests Obituaries Events Lifestyle Health and Wellness Opinion / Shows Sports Announcements Local National Business Financial Politics Utah Legislature 2017 General Election 2016 St. George Crashes Series Days Series Road Respect Series Zion National Park Traffic Jam Series Thanksgiving Arrests Most Wanted Arts & Entertainment Events Explore Health & Wellness Health and Wellness Directory Education Home and Garden Health and Wellness Articles Local Experts Health and Wellness Directory Columnists Letters to the Editor No Filter Show TGIF Show Film Fanatics Sponsored Content Top Sports Stories DSU Region 9 Round Table Red Storm Round Table St. George News Live Video High School Sports Dixie High Desert Hills Pine View Snow Canyon Hurricane Enterprise Dixie Rebels Submit Your Own See All Announcements Anniversaries Animals Arts and Entertainment Books Business Community service Education, achievement Events Fundraisers Garage Sales and such Health Jobs Politics Meet Ups Military Announcements Religious Scholarships and grants School functions Shopping Sports and Recreation Weddings Writers Sports Menu Top Sports Stories Live / Sports Video High School Stats DSU Dixie High Desert Hills Pine View Snow Canyon Hurricane Enterprise Dixie Rebels Region 9 Round Table Red Storm Round Table Local Experts Menu Ask a Local Expert Coupons Menu Weekly Sale Circulars Local Coupons Arrests Menu Recent Arrests Most Wanted Obituaries Menu View Obituaries Autos Menu Auto Classifieds Classifieds Menu Classifieds Autos Jobs Outdoors and Sporting Pets and Livestock Recreational Vehicles Yard Sales Submissions New Classified New Auto No-Filter Menu The No Filter Show Calendar Menu Upcoming Events Submit Event Dining Menu Dining Movies Menu All Theaters Pineview Stadium 10 St George Stadium 8 Main Street Jobs Menu Jobs Hotels Menu Area Lodging Golf Menu Golf In St George Utah X Free News Delivery by Email Would you like to have the day's news stories delivered right to your inbox every evening? Enter your email below to start! No Thanks
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds 79° Full Menu 79° Home Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Local News Bicentennial Communities Cruisin The Coast Latest News Business Casinos Crime DHS Military Politics Crawdaddy Weather State Nation & World By the Way Hurricane Katrina Sports Sports High School Outdoors New Orleans Saints Biloxi Shuckers Southern Miss Mississippi State Ole Miss New Orleans Pelicans Auto Racing Blogs & Columnists Keeping Score Patrick Magee Patrick Ochs Rick Cleveland Brian Allee-Walsh Politics Politics Living Living Religion Food & Drink @Home Health & Fitness Engagement/Wedding Ads Marquee Calendar Comics Puzzles & Games Ask the Expert TV Guide Blogs & Columnists Entertainment Entertainment Mardi Gras Mardi Gras Maps Arts and Culture Celebrities Comics Dining Horoscopes Framed Photos Movie News & Reviews Blogs & Columnists Throwing Shade Opinion Opinion Editorials More Opinions Letters Sound Off Cartoons Blogs & Columnists Paul Hampton Charlie Mitchell Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Place An Ad About Us A shopper carts his purchased LED TV at a Best Buy in Miami last year. Alan Diaz AP A shopper carts his purchased LED TV at a Best Buy in Miami last year. Alan Diaz AP Business May 25, 2017 3:00 AM Best Buy stock soars after better-than-expected earnings By KAVITA KUMAR Star Tribune (Minneapolis) LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story MINNEAPOLIS – Best Buy's shares surged more than 21 percent Thursday, signifying just how impressed investors were that the retailer was able to find sales growth amid an otherwise gloomy retail landscape. Higher sales in gaming amid the launch of the Nintendo Switch and sales that improved once delayed federal tax refund checks arrived helped boost the company's sales above its own and analysts' expectations in the first quarter. The company also cited strong sales in computing and the connected home segment. The electronics retailer, headquartered outside Minneapolis, expecting the momentum to continue into the current quarter, raised its guidance for the year. There has been a building sense that brick-and-mortar retailers can't compete with online-only retailers, said David Schick, lead retail analyst with Consumer Edge Research. "So these results are changing lots of minds this morning as to the efficacy and durability of their turnaround," he wrote in an email. Overall sales at Best Buy in the quarter rose 1 percent to $8.5 billion, up from $8.4 billion a year ago. Comparable sales in the U.S. rose 1.4 percent, which was much better than the 1.5 to 2.5 percent drop the company had forecast. Online sales rose 23 percent. Of the 114 retailers Retail Metrics tracks, the weighted average of same-store sales for the first quarter was flat. But it would have been negative overall had Wal-Mart not reported a small bump in sales, noted Ken Perkins, the firm's president. By comparison, Best Buy outperformed much of the industry. "Expectations were really low going into the report," he said of Best Buy. "But they seem to be holding their own despite the onslaught from Amazon. They continue to invest in training of its associates, providing an experience you can't find from many other places." The Nintendo Switch, which retailers have had trouble keeping in stock since it launched in March, also helped Minneapolis-based Target Corp. reverse a decline in its electronics sales in recent months. The retailer logged its best quarter in the category in three years. On a conference call with analysts, Best Buy CEO Hubert Joly said the company, which just finished cutting $400 million in costs over the last few years, would begin a new cost-reduction phase aimed at finding $600 million in savings over the next several years to help fuel future investments. Some of those savings, executives said, would come from bringing more automation to parts of its business such as the supply chain and its call center. Joly said Best Buy will also nationally roll out later this year an in-home adviser program it has been testing in a handful of markets for about a year. Through this service, consultants make free home visits and advise consumers how to better equip their homes with the latest technology to address their needs. David Magee, an analyst with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, wrote in a research note that, among Best Buy's plans, the next round of cost-cutting stood out, as did plans to more widely expand some newer service offerings sooner than expected. "The strong results were particularly impressive given the headwinds faced by most retailers (delays in refunds, holiday shifts) during what is a seasonally less important quarter," he wrote. Best Buy "got a good allocation of the Nintendo Switch, which had a very strong launch," he wrote. "And, while phones were down, there was still greater interest in the category than expected." In the February-to-April quarter, Best Buy's net earnings were $188 million, down from $229 million in the same quarter a year ago, when it benefited from some settlement proceeds. When adjusted for one-time expenses, it earned 60 cents a share, which was better than the 40 cents analysts were expecting and the 43 cents it reported a year ago. Joly said better-than-expected sales in mobile phones also helped the company in the quarter. Given the better performance, which was not dragged down as much by product shortages as executives initially thought, the retailer raised its sales forecast for the year to 1 percent growth on a 52-week basis, up from its previous plan for flat performance. While it may have felt pressure in the quarter from liquidation sales, Best Buy is expected to get a boost from the demise of one of its largest regional competitors, Hhgregg, which began going-out-of-business sales at its 220 stores last month. While many retailers such as Home Depot are also expected to pick up some incremental sales, some analysts think Best Buy will be the biggest beneficiary. Earlier this year, Joly declared the retailer's Renew Blue turnaround phase to be officially over and ushered in a new strategic phase aimed at finding growth through digital, services and its international operations in Canada and Mexico. This month, Best Buy announced it was rolling out a pilot program with Vivint Smart Home to 400 stores by the end of this summer. The partnership includes home monitoring service as well as design, installation and repair. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 11 days ago New Gulfport casino will be smoke-free 1:13 11 days ago New Gulfport casino will be smoke-free 1:37 19 days ago Here's how a new look goes together at Style Encore 3:37 a month ago Panelists recall the early days of Coast gaming View More Video Business Correction: Plant Explosion-Wisconsin story New low-key sushi joint in Waveland already a favorite among locals The Latest: Turnbull says up to 4 Australians were victims New energy plan for NY agricultural sector to be unveiled Survey: Economists expect slower US growth Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Quick Finder Place a Classified Place an Obituary Shopping Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Close menu News Local Community Regional National Achieve Living Well Video Business City.Life.Style. Single Black CHICK BE SCENE Entertainment Community S.W.A.G Awards Events Pancakes and Politics 2017 Women of Excellence 2017 Purchase Tickets Men of Excellence 2017 Nomination Form Who’s Who In Black Detroit 2015 40 Under 40 40 Under 40 Purchase Tickets Legacy In Motion Event Calendar Event Photos Classifieds Subscribe Where To Find Us Get Weekly Home Delivery of The Chronicle Join Our Email List About Us Privacy Policy Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News Local Community Regional National Achieve Living Well Video Business City.Life.Style. Single Black CHICK BE SCENE Entertainment Community S.W.A.G Awards Events Pancakes and Politics 2017 Women of Excellence 2017 Purchase Tickets Men of Excellence 2017 Nomination Form Who’s Who In Black Detroit 2015 40 Under 40 40 Under 40 Purchase Tickets Legacy In Motion Event Calendar Event Photos Classifieds Subscribe Where To Find Us Get Weekly Home Delivery of The Chronicle Join Our Email List Home Miss Black Texas Says She Was Wrongful Arrested After Being A Victim Of Road Rage She also had to endure racists and sexist insults according to her. Roz Edward, Michigan Chronicle Managing Editor Leave a comment Source: Hemera Technologies / Getty A road rage incident that resulted in the arrest of the 2016 Miss Black Texas, Carmen Ponder, is being investigated. Ponder, a 23-year-old pre-law student at Texas A&M University-Commerce, shared on Twitter that she was driving when she was cut off by someone in a black truck. She thought the driver might be drunk, so she signaled and drove into a Walmart parking lot. Ponder says the man in the truck followed her and started cursing at her. She says the man told her that he was teaching his 14-year-old how to drive and Ponder shouldn’t have driven around them. Ponder eventually told the man that it was illegal for a 14-year-old to drive. That’s when she heard him yell, “Oh whatever, you Black b*tch!” Carmen Ponder says she was wrongfully arrested after being called a "black (expletive)" & told to apologize to Commerce Police Chief @NBCDFW pic.twitter.com/dzxX4aYR5K — Courtney Gilmore (@CourtneyNBC5) May 25, 2017 When Ponder exited the Walmart store she was approached by a plainclothes officer who showed his badge. He allegedly revealed that the man she got into an altercation with was his chief. He asked Ponder to apologize. Ponder refused and walked back to her car. The cop allegedly grabbed her arm, telling her she was being detained and the police were on their way. When more officers arrived, the plainclothes officer told them that Ponder was resisting arrest. They cuffed her, held her for 24 hours in jail, and charged her with evading arrest. Her lawyers are fighting for her charges to be dropped and for the people involved to be punished appropriately. You can check out Ponder’s full account of the incident below. @MeritLaw pic.twitter.com/LeHyS9JwHM — Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 24, 2017 We will keep you posted when more information is revealed. Also On The Michigan Chronicle: comments – Add Yours Your browser does not support iframes. Trending 17 Black gay celebrities out of the closet Meet Queen Latifah’s girlfriend Eboni Nichols The continuous rise and fall of the DeBarge family Wayne County First Lady Renata Evans puts her spin on difficult position  Wife of Wayne County Executive resigns from job with Treasurer’s office Pharrell: 15 Songs You Might Not Know Pharrell Williams Produced Get Informed! × Like our content? Sign up for The Michigan Chronicle's email newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit Don't show this to me again Not now Close Get the Michronicle in your inbox Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit About Us Privacy Policy Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video COLUMN-In age of 'superstar firms,' index investing logic holds: James Saf... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Mon May 29, 2017 | 1:14pm EDT COLUMN-In age of 'superstar firms,' index investing logic holds: James Saft (The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters) By James Saft May 29 Even in the age of “superstar firms,” the logic of index investing holds. New research details how a small number of companies - think Google, Amazon and Apple - have come to dominate their sectors, capturing a growing share of revenues and helping to create an economy featuring high corporate profits but a lower share of the pie for workers. Economists David Autor, David Dorn, Lawrence Katz, Christina Patterson and John Van Reenen find that industries have become more concentrated and while what they call “superstar firms” pay well, they make extraordinary profits. The net impact across the economy, perhaps as other firms struggle to compete, is that workers’ share of GDP falls. (economics.mit.edu/files/12979) Commentators have concentrated on the economic, social and policy implications of superstar firms but the investment ones are also interesting, and not obvious. While you might think that the trick to investing in an economy with a few winners and many also-rans is to identify the Amazons and buy them, this, of course, is much more easily done looking backward than looking forward. One problem is that the research finds that the concentration rises in industries with faster technological change. While fast technological change seems to bring big winners and concentration - see Facebook, it also brings with it the risk that companies will be supplanted by other technology in the future. Indeed, one of the named superstar firms is Wal-Mart, which as a mostly physical retailer is now seeing its own position hollowed out by the likes of Amazon. Or consider IBM, which surely would once have been thought of as a superstar but which now is notable more for its fondness for share buybacks than its strong returns as a stock. The reality is that a winner-take-all-society is a risky society, and that applies as much to investors as it does to college graduates or mid-career workers. It simply is not as simple as just figuring out who is 'winning' and climbing on board. A concentrated bet on superstar firms is very likely highly risky, not just in theory, as are all concentrated bets, but also in practice due to the rate of technological change. CAPTURING GROWING MARGINS VIA THE INDEX Index investing, in contrast, will allow investors to be exposed to the rising, or persistently high, corporate margins which are a feature of a more highly concentrated economy. In other words, and sadly, the wise bet may not be on Amazon or Facebook, per se, but against labor. While rising concentration and falling wages are new, it has long been a fact that the vast majority of the money made on the stock market comes via a tiny number of firms which skyrocket in value. Hendrik Bessembinder of Arizona State University calculated in a recent study that just 86 stocks have, over 90 years, accounted for $16 trillion in wealth creation, or about half the total of wealth created by the entire universe of companies over that period. The other 26,000 or so stocks created the other $16 trillion of wealth, but even that is a misleading guide to how well an individual stock might do. The top 1,000 stocks, or less than 4 percent of all companies traded over 86 years, account for all wealth creation. “The results also help to explain why active strategies, which tend to be poorly diversified, most often underperform,” Bessembinder wrote in a draft study updated in May. (here) It is notable too that superstar firms have risen, and wages fallen, during a period with rising globalization and a political and regulatory backdrop which allowed it to happen. It may well be that Google, Amazon and Facebook face new political and regulatory roadblocks to maintaining their position. This certainly is already true in China. So your choices boil down to these: 1 - Try to identify some of the 86 superstars in advance. Good luck with that. 2 - Buy stocks you think are among the 86 after they so prove and hope they hold their position. This strategy misses out on all of the gains these few superstar firms make before it dawns on you they’ve arrived. It also exposes you to huge risks that they are in turn supplanted. 3 - Buy a broad stock market index, including earlier-stage companies, and slowly build wealth by collecting the equity risk premium and allowing it to compound. The logic of choice 3 should hold as the balance between profits and labor evolves. (Editing by James Dalgleish) ) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News GLOBAL MARKETS-Dollar dented by jobs miss, London attacks hurt sterling; stocks subdued * Dollar edges up from 7-month low after disappointing jobs report BRIEF-Herbalife Ltd expects Q2 adj. earnings in range of $0.95 to $1.15 per share * Herbalife says in May 90 percent of us sales were documented purchases by consumers, comprised of more than three million receipted retail transactions Morning News Call - India, June 5 To access the newsletter, click on the link: http://share.thomsonreuters.com/assets/newsletters/Indiamorning/MNC_IN_06052017.pdf If you would like to receive this newsletter via email, please register at: https://forms.thomsonreuters.com/india-morning/ FACTORS TO WATCH 10:30 am: Railways Minister Suresh Prabhu at event to mark world environment day in New Delhi. GMF: LIVECHAT - ASIA & EX-U.S. PARIS ACCORD How will the exit of the climate agreement by t MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Pictures of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it News Sport Trending Home Trending News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill PL Table Oddballs Club Metro Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Discounts Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Advertise Search Metro Follow us 118m shares Krispy Kreme is launching a coffee and hazelnut spread Alice Sholl for Metro.co.ukMonday 29 May 2017 5:23 pm All hail the god of sweet edible things (Picture: Instagram/Junkbanter.com) Which would you hand over your first born for, Nutella or coffee? Disney is now selling glowing candy floss and people can't handle it If this sounds like an impossible decision, you owe a big thank you to Krispy Kreme who have just launched their very own coffee and hazelnut spread. Caramel Macchiato spread, to be precise. Sure, they’re big – massive – shoes to fill, but while Nutella has held a place in our hearts for so long, is it time it stepped down for a younger successor to take its place. Coffee is one of those flavours that can only add to sweet treats. Move over, cups. From now on I lick my coffee off a spoon! — Ok not now, but whenever this releases at Walmart later this year. #sse17 A post shared by JunkBanter.com 🍫🍺💪🏼 (@junkbanter) on May 24, 2017 at 7:07am PDT And the idea of a hazelnut spread that tastes as good as Nutella, but with coffee added? There are no words. Food reviewer and Instagrammer Junkbanter posted a photo of the spread last week along with the too-true caption: ‘Move over, cups. From now on I lick my coffee off a spoon!’ Take a break with our rich blend of coffee – chilled, poured over ice & served with a splash of cold milk. Try it today at your nearest shop: krispykreme.com/Locate A post shared by Krispy Kreme Doughnuts (@krispykreme) on May 16, 2017 at 1:46pm PDT It’s not relying on rubbish, fake coffee flavouring either – it’s made with 100% premium arabica beans. More: Food These are the most beautiful raw vegan cakes you'll ever see ATTENTION: A restaurant now exists where every single dish includes chocolate There are adults who genuinely believe chocolate milk comes from brown cows Metro.co.uk reached out to Krispy Kreme to find out if and when the spread might hit the UK, and we’ll update this story if we find out. MORE: Behold the glory of the deep-fried Nutella burger MORE: An official Nutella café is opening in Chicago MORE: ASK Italian are now doing a Nutella-filled gnocchi and we can’t decide if it’s a good thing The Fix The daily lifestyle email from Metro.co.uk. Sign up Find out more MoreFood 5 things you miss about London when you move away SponsoredThe best family holidays in the UK this summer Rejoice, for Pizza Express will soon give you the option of vegan cheese on their pizzas There are adults who genuinely believe chocolate milk comes from brown cows Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » World Environment Day 2017: What you can do today to save the planet Get ready, guys: Lace pastel shorts for men have arrived Mum has a brilliant response to the woman in Walmart who called her son 'repulsive' Fitness blogger shows exactly how big an impact bloating can have on our bellies This 93-year-old bride is asking the internet to help pick her wedding dressMore trending stories » YOU ARE HERE: Food › Food Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending MetroUK @MetroUK © 2017 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices ContributorsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
Utah mom arrested after locking young children in trunk of car w - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Utah mom arrested after locking young children in trunk of car while she shopped Posted: Monday, May 29, 2017 12:10 PM EDT Updated: Monday, May 29, 2017 12:11 PM EDT MARK GREEN AND LAUREN STEINBRECHER Riverdale, UT -- A mother was booked into jail for child abuse Thursday after a witness saw her lock her 2 and 5-year-old children in the trunk of a car in a Wal-Mart parking lot while she went shopping. According to police, several people helped the children escape from the locked trunk before 39-year old Tori Castillo surfaced from the store. Heidi, who wanted to keep her last name anonymous, was one of those people. She said she and her friend were unloading groceries nearby when she heard noise coming from the trunk. She walked over and put her ear against the car. "I could hear some kids crying," she recounted. "I turned to my friend and I'm like, 'There's people in this trunk. There's kids in this trunk!'" Heidi said she and her friend, as well as two other women, started trying to help the girl inside. She said one of the women had seen the mother put the children in the trunk, before walking into the store. "I started talking to the little girl that I could hear screaming," Heidi said. "She was [yelling], 'Mom, let me out! Let me out! Mom! Help!" She was screaming, crying." At that point, Heidi said she started yelling through the license place back at the girl, guiding her on how to open the truck with the emergency latch. The trunk popped open. Heidi said the children were scared, and sweating from the heat. "Both kids just came out... they just jumped out at us," Heidi said. "One lady took the 2-year-old, I took the 5-year-old." While they waited for police, Heidi said the mother emerged from the store. "The only explanation she had was, 'My babysitter didn't show up,'" Heidi said. According to the Riverdale Police Department, Tori Castillo was booked into the Weber County Correctional Facility in Ogden. She faces four counts of child abuse with physical injury, and one charge of theft. The Division of Child and Family Services responded, "and the children were turned over to a responsible party," a press release stated. Heidi still can't believe the shocking scene she witnessed. "It was kind of heartbreaking to see that somebody could do something so cruel," she said. KSTU TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Suspect dead after officer-involved shooting at Raytown Wal-Mart - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Suspect dead after officer-involved shooting at Raytown Wal-Mart Posted: Monday, May 29, 2017 12:10 PM EDT Updated: Monday, May 29, 2017 12:11 PM EDT KSHB Raytown, MO -- A Jackson County deputy shot and killed a suspect after an alleged struggle at a Raytown Wal-Mart Sunday night. Police said around 9:15 p.m. an off-duty deputy tried to stop a male suspect from shoplifting. "A struggle ensued. She was disarmed of her Taser and got out her service weapon and shot the suspect. He was transported to a local hospital where he was pronounced deceased," Sgt. John Payne with the Jackson County Sheriff's Office said. Both the deputy and the suspect were taken to the hospital. The suspect later died, and the suspect's age is unknown at this time. The deputy remains in the hospital. She will be placed on leave until the investigation is over. KSHB TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
EDITION US NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Horoscopes VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero Good News VIDEO NEWSLETTERS FEATURED OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Retire Well Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit WorldPost MORE Books Candidate Confessional College Crime Divorce Eat the Press Education Green Outspeak Religion Small Business Sports Teen Weddings Arabi Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Greece India Italia Japan Korea Maghreb México Québec South Africa United Kingdom United States Close Alan Singer, Contributor Social studies educator, Hofstra University, my opinions, of course, are my own The Trump Education Budget Will Dangerously Favor "Fast Food" Teachers With drastic cuts to education spending, the Trump administration will do irreversible damage to teacher quality nationwide. 05/29/2017 07:12 am ET | Updated 6 days ago NBC A clip from the NBC television show Teachers. He probably just learned how much he is being paid. 750 The average hourly pay for food service workers and cashiers in the United States at McDonald’s is $8.50. At Starbucks, employees earn an average of $9.43 an hour, but shift supervisors can make over $12 an hour. Full-time associates at Walmart are paid $13.38 an hour. Customer service associates earn $13.54 an hour at Costco and as much as $13.78 an hour at Home Depot. However, in many school district in the United States, substitute teachers, in charge of helping to educate our children, are paid less than $13 an hour and have barely any qualifications. This is part of the trend to outsource and privatize what goes on in our schools, something being promoted by the Trump/DeVos education regime, and something that in no way counts as “education.” CNBC Home Depot is hiring. A major player in the fast-food teacher industry is Kelly Educational Staffing. In Florida, it is active in Orlando, Jacksonville, and Tampa-Saint Petersburg. It also provides substitute teachers in Massachusetts, According to the Kelly website, requirements to be a Kelly substitute are minimal: an associate’s degree or 60 college credits, the ability to read and write in English, “passing” criminal background checks and a drug test, “completion of an informational session on substitute teaching to be conducted on the day of your interview,” “successful completion of a behavioral interview and a mandatory orientation conducted by Kelly Educational Staffing,” and the willingness to work for next to nothing without any benefits. The online training program takes two hours and includes a quiz. People with these “qualifications” are then expected to provide “instruction,” encourage “student progress,” and manage the “learning environment.” That means the “implementation” of “existing lesson plans in a manner that ensures the integrity of academic time, and motivates students to learn and participate” and instructing “students regarding a variety of classroom topics/courses of instruction, as determined by the School District’s lesson plan and in accordance with Kelly Services policy.” PolitiFact North Carolina teachers demand a living wage. In some school districts, including Washington D.C., there is a high mid-year turnover of teachers in poorly performing inner-city minority schools. At one DC high school 25 percent of the teaching staff now consists of unprepared low paid substitute teachers. An 11th grade Algebra student explained the impact to the Washington Post. Since his regular teacher left in January, “No one is teaching. It’s been like that for months now. We don’t do anything, so I leave and go to my biology class or English class and go do other work.” If the Trump/DeVos education budget or some semblance of it passes Congress, the future for public education in the United States and the teaching profession look dim. The proposed budget calls for a $9.2 billion, or 13.5 percent, spending cut to education. Title I funding to high-poverty schools would not be adjusted to take into account rising costs. Money for teacher training, class-size reduction (which promotes literacy), and for after-school programs would be reduced or eliminated. Medicaid funds that help school districts assist students with special needs would be cut. Other federal funds will be diverted from public schools to charters, private, and religious schools. The federal government would stop subsidizing interest on student loans and phase out public service loan forgiveness so fewer people could afford to become teachers. You can sign a petition opposing this cuts at this link. If the Trump/DeVos education budget is approved look for a lot more fast-food teachers in the future. Question: Would Trump accept teachers with these “qualifications” at the fancy private schools attended by his son and grandchild? Follow Alan Singer on Twitter: https://twitter.com/ReecesPieces8 Related... Betsy DeVos, A Defender Of Some Trump Budget Would Abandon Public Education For Private Choice MORE: Donald Trump United States U.S. Government Resources Health And Medicine Education Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW THE MORNING EMAIL Start your workday the right way with the news that matters most. Learn more Newsletter 965 K 391 K 479 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat The Trump Education Budget Will Dangerously Favor "Fast Food" Teachers 750 CONVERSATIONS ABOUT US ADVERTISE About Our Ads Contact Us RSS FAQ Careers Archive User Agreement Privacy Policy Comment Policy Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost • HPMG News
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Mother Arrested After Allegedly Locking Kids Inside Trunk to Shop at Walmart Maya Chung Inside Edition May 29, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Police arrested a 39-year-old Utah woman after she allegedly locked her two young children in the trunk of her car while she shopped at a local Walmart. Riverdale Police said that they received a call on Thursday after a woman allegedly spotted the mom stuffing the children, ages 2 and 5, inside of the trunk in the store’s parking lot, according to reports. Read: Parents Forced 5-Year-Old To Drink Mouthwash Because He Was Thirsty: Cops "The small children ... began making noise and moving frantically, causing the vehicle to shake," Police Lt. Casey Warren told CNN. "Several good Samaritans observed this and came to the aid of the children.” Another witness, Heidi, told ABC7 that she heard the 5-year-old girl screaming from inside, “Mom, let me out! Help!” Bystanders reportedly coached the 5-year-old on how to pull the emergency latch from inside the trunk and were able to get the kids out. "Both kids came out, like, jump spring loaded, they just jumped out at us. One lady took the 2 year old. I took the 5 year old. I was like, 'this can't be what we're finding,'" Heidi said. Heidi told the station that once police arrived and the mother, Tori Lee Castillo, exited the store, her alleged excuse was that the children’s babysitter didn’t show up. Read: Man Charged in Death of Girlfriend's Daughter After 'Wrestling Moves': Cops Castillo was jailed on suspicion of child abuse, according to reports. The children were reportedly turned over to the Division of Child and Family Services and then handed over to a responsible party. Watch: Man Charged In Murder of Baby Begged Her Not To Die In Desperate 911 Call   Related Articles: 2 Men Allegedly Forced Gator to Drink Beer, Shared Videos to Snapchat Perfectly Preserved 1800s Toddler Found Under Home is Identified Meet the Father and Daughter Who Used to Be Mother and Son Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Oklahoma man trying to drown his twin babies shot dead by neighbour 3,255 reactions12%67%21% Osteens Finally Clear Up The Controversial Rumors TheBlaze.comSponsored Deadly terror attack in London 174 reactions6%68%26% Erinn Hayes Exiting 'Kevin Can Wait' Amid Season 2 Creative Reset 1,663 reactions6%76%18% CNN hosts makes 'racist' comment to 12-year-old Spelling Bee Champion 3,964 reactions4%55%41% Cleans Better with Fewer Sheets* CharminSponsored Anti-Trump ‘March for Truth’ protesters rally across the U.S. 1,769 reactions4%66%30% Putin denies having compromising information on Trump 47 reactions4%63%33% Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1 124 reactions3%79%18% Top 8 Credit Cards For Those With Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored Warriors roar to 2-0 NBA Finals lead in coach Steve Kerr's return 407 reactions4%79%17% Fans fight near tunnel as Cavaliers leave floor after NBA Finals loss to Warriors (Video) 24 reactions3%63%34% Turin bomb scare sparks stampede, leaving 1,500 injured 2,490 reactions6%62%32% What Happens To Your Body After Drinking This? VitaCupSponsored Going gothic in Germany: World's largest ‘dark’ culture festival 75 reactions7%73%20% Putin on Michael Flynn: ‘I didn’t even really talk to him’ 12 reactions8%69%23% Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US mark: With what we are seeing no travel ban is just nuts. The constitution is not a suicide pact. Nor is compassion a reason to commit suicide. The president's job is to protect ALL Americans. This notion of an acceptable level of terrorism amongst politicians has to end. Even one death is too many if there was anyway to stop it. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.1k
Forerunner Venture's Kirsten Green: 'We need to have more women - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Forerunner Venture's Kirsten Green: 'We need to have more women founders' Posted: Monday, May 29, 2017 10:40 AM EDT Updated: Monday, May 29, 2017 11:41 AM EDT In the male-dominated world of venture capital, Kirsten Green is blazing a trail. Not only is she a leading investor in the retail space, but she also supports a large number of women-led businesses. By Poppy Harlow and Haley Draznin NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- In the male-dominated world of venture capital, Kirsten Green is blazing a trail. Not only is she a leading investor in the retail space, but she also supports a large number of women-led businesses. "We need to have more women founders stepping up to kind of own their own story and ask for what they want, and tell success stories and start really building confidence that these stories are out there," Green says in a new episode of CNN's Boss Files with Poppy Harlow podcast. The founder of San Francisco-based venture capital firm Forerunner Ventures, Green and her team have had far more hits than misses -- propelling her to number 12 on CB Insights' list of the top 50 venture capitalists in the world. Some of Forerunner's biggest successes: eyewear maker Warby Parker, beauty subscription company Birchbox, Dollar Shave Club (which was recently bought by Unilever for $1 billion) and online retailer Jet.com (recently acquired by Wal-Mart for more than $3 billion). The firm says it now invests in 48 companies across three portfolios and has about $240 million in assets under management. Time magazine recently took notice, naming Green to this year's list of the 100 most influential people. "Silicon Valley needs more venture capitalists like Kirsten, who not only hires women... but also seeks out women-led businesses to invest in," Time wrote. About 40% of Green's portfolio is invested in women-run companies, but she is adamant that isn't her sole focus. "We never invest in a male, we never invest in a female, we just invest in the right entrepreneur," Green says. Green swears by "original thinking," which she calls "paramount as an investor seeking outsized investment returns" and ascribes to what she calls "the power of focus" in a single sector. For Green and Forerunner -- that is retail. Her path has been unconventional. She didn't go to business school, and she never worked at a VC firm before founding her own. But she did spend more than a decade as a retail analyst on Wall Street, giving her a lens into the dramatically shifting retail landscape that few others in her sector have right now. One of her earliest individual investments was menswear company Bonobos. When the company approached Green for funding, she recalls her conversation with the founder. "I said, I don't have money to lose right now... but I do have money to learn, and what I want more than anything out of this small personal investment is to learn with you." Like all investors, Green has had her share of misses. One of her biggest self-proclaimed flops was a hybrid online/brick and mortar apparel brand met with fanfare at the outset, only to fizzle shortly after takeoff. "It was a big idea," Green noted. "It was bold. I had been looking for somebody that was looking to do something truly different in retail... The product was revolutionary." But it wasn't -- largely because Green said the company wasn't nimble. When the 2008 downturn hit, the company floundered and went bankrupt. Along with that bankruptcy filing came the reporter phone calls and negative headlines. Today, Green sees with clear eyes a consumer she calls "more empowered" than ever before and "increasingly savvy." Despite her success, Green is a rarity in the VC world. A 2016 TechCrunch study found 7% of partners at the leading 100 American VC firms are women. Couple that with the growing disparity in VC funding of female-founded companies versus male-founded companies. Venture capital database PitchBook found that women got just 2% of all venture funding in 2016, with $58.2 billion in funding going to all-male founders and just $1.46 billion to women. "There's really no good excuse for that kind of disparity," Green says. She sees herself with an increasing responsibility to help close the gap. Green says 70% of Forerunner's staff is female and 30% are minorities. "It's not about having one partner, one female representative partner," she said, "It's really about elevating and opening up that voice." Silicon Valley is also grappling with sexism that is real and pronounced in some cases. Green acknowledges she has experienced that sexism on her rise up. "Very candidly, I haven't spent a lot of time thinking about it. Yes, there is a part of me that feels I have to show up and be better and smarter, all those things. And that's not fair," says Green. With her growing visibility, she's increasingly speaking out against sexism. But perhaps her most personal fight is one she's more engaged in now than ever before -- equality for other women trying to accomplish what she has managed to. "People need role models, and they need to feel that there's this opportunity to learn," Green says. "They need to have people that will stick up for them. I want to be a part of that." Green is firing on all cylinders -- at work and at home (she's the mom of two young kids) -- and her prescient calls are now being lauded by those who keep score. So does she think she's "made it"? "Oh, there is so much more," she exclaimed! "There's so much more to do on all fronts." TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Forerunner Venture’s Kirsten Green: ‘We need to have more women founders’ Forerunner Venture’s Kirsten Green: ‘We need to have more women founders’ Posted on Monday, May 29, 2017 by CNN in Business News In the male-dominated world of venture capital, Kirsten Green is blazing a trail. Not only is she a leading investor in the retail space, but she also supports a large number of women-led businesses. “We need to have more women founders stepping up to kind of own their own story and ask for what they want, and tell success stories and start really building confidence that these stories are out there,” Green says in a new episode of CNN’s Boss Files with Poppy Harlow podcast. The founder of San Francisco-based venture capital firm Forerunner Ventures, Green and her team have had far more hits than misses — propelling her to number 12 on CB Insights’ list of the top 50 venture capitalists in the world. Some of Forerunner’s biggest successes: eyewear maker Warby Parker, beauty subscription company Birchbox, Dollar Shave Club (which was recently bought by Unilever for $1 billion) and online retailer Jet.com (recently acquired by Wal-Mart for more than $3 billion). The firm says it now invests in 48 companies across three portfolios and has about $240 million in assets under management. Time magazine recently took notice, naming Green to this year’s list of the 100 most influential people. “Silicon Valley needs more venture capitalists like Kirsten, who not only hires women… but also seeks out women-led businesses to invest in,” Time wrote. About 40% of Green’s portfolio is invested in women-run companies, but she is adamant that isn’t her sole focus. “We never invest in a male, we never invest in a female, we just invest in the right entrepreneur,” Green says. Green swears by “original thinking,” which she calls “paramount as an investor seeking outsized investment returns” and ascribes to what she calls “the power of focus” in a single sector. For Green and Forerunner — that is retail. Her path has been unconventional. She didn’t go to business school, and she never worked at a VC firm before founding her own. But she did spend more than a decade as a retail analyst on Wall Street, giving her a lens into the dramatically shifting retail landscape that few others in her sector have right now. One of her earliest individual investments was menswear company Bonobos. When the company approached Green for funding, she recalls her conversation with the founder. “I said, I don’t have money to lose right now… but I do have money to learn, and what I want more than anything out of this small personal investment is to learn with you.” Like all investors, Green has had her share of misses. One of her biggest self-proclaimed flops was a hybrid online/brick and mortar apparel brand met with fanfare at the outset, only to fizzle shortly after takeoff. “It was a big idea,” Green noted. “It was bold. I had been looking for somebody that was looking to do something truly different in retail… The product was revolutionary.” But it wasn’t — largely because Green said the company wasn’t nimble. When the 2008 downturn hit, the company floundered and went bankrupt. Along with that bankruptcy filing came the reporter phone calls and negative headlines. Today, Green sees with clear eyes a consumer she calls “more empowered” than ever before and “increasingly savvy.” Despite her success, Green is a rarity in the VC world. A 2016 TechCrunch study found 7% of partners at the leading 100 American VC firms are women. Couple that with the growing disparity in VC funding of female-founded companies versus male-founded companies. Venture capital database PitchBook found that women got just 2% of all venture funding in 2016, with $58.2 billion in funding going to all-male founders and just $1.46 billion to women. “There’s really no good excuse for that kind of disparity,” Green says. She sees herself with an increasing responsibility to help close the gap. Green says 70% of Forerunner’s staff is female and 30% are minorities. “It’s not about having one partner, one female representative partner,” she said, “It’s really about elevating and opening up that voice.” Silicon Valley is also grappling with sexism that is real and pronounced in some cases. Green acknowledges she has experienced that sexism on her rise up. “Very candidly, I haven’t spent a lot of time thinking about it. Yes, there is a part of me that feels I have to show up and be better and smarter, all those things. And that’s not fair,” says Green. With her growing visibility, she’s increasingly speaking out against sexism. But perhaps her most personal fight is one she’s more engaged in now than ever before — equality for other women trying to accomplish what she has managed to. “People need role models, and they need to feel that there’s this opportunity to learn,” Green says. “They need to have people that will stick up for them. I want to be a part of that.” Green is firing on all cylinders — at work and at home (she’s the mom of two young kids) — and her prescient calls are now being lauded by those who keep score. So does she think she’s “made it”? “Oh, there is so much more,” she exclaimed! “There’s so much more to do on all fronts.” Big business wants Trump to stick with Paris climate accord Computer meltdown may cost British Airways over $100 million Related Posts More bad news for Tesla and Elon Musk Can Gogo make you hate its in-flight wifi less? IBM sales shrink for 14th consecutive quarter The bathrobe Prince George wore to meet Obama has sold out Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by rahul-absolutereports.com Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market 2021 Sales, Market Size, Market Benefits, Forthcoming Developments, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market latest research report provides in-depth analysis of definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure forecast until 2021. The report also consists of development trends, competitive landscape analysis, and key regions development status of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) market. Report analysts forecast the global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) to grow at a CAGR of 58.90% during the period 2017-2021. Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market: Driving factors: – High penetration of mobile computing devices. Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market: Challenges: – Lack of awareness about IPIN technology. Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market: Trends: – Growing popularity of cloud-based big data analytics. Get a PDF Sample of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Research Report at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10723062 Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market Segment by Regions mainly contain Americas, APAC and EMEA with Leading Key vendors Google, Apple, Here, Micello, and many Other prominent vendors. Indoor positioning and indoor navigation (IPIN) technology make use of sensors, magnetic positioning, and Bluetooth low energy (BLE) technology to precisely track users indoors. IPIN can help people navigate indoors in places such as hospitals, museums, and university campuses. Indoor positioning systems depend on three parameters, namely the dynamic positioning system platform, beacons that broadcast signals to smartphones, and the apps that make the systems indispensable to consumers. BLE beacons that assist indoor positioning are inexpensive; it is also easy to install and maintain them. American Airlines, Walmart, Coca-Cola, Apple, Macy’s stores, Lord & Taylor stores, and Nivea are key organizations that are already experiencing the benefits of the BLE positioning system. Detailed TOC of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market 2017-2021 Report at: https://www.absolutereports.com/global-indoor-positioning-and-indoor-navigation-ipin-market-2017-2021-10723062 Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Industry research report is a meticulous investigation of current scenario of the market, which covers several market dynamics. The Europe Acrylate Monomer market research report is a resource, which provides current as well as upcoming technical and financial details of the industry. The thorough analysis in this report enables investors, CEOs, traders and suppliers to understand the market in a better way and based on that knowledge make well-informed decisions. Have any query? ask our expert @ http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10723062 A complete analysis of the competitive landscape of the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) is provided in the report. This section includes company profiles of market key players. The profiles include contact information, gross, capacity, product details of each firm, price, and cost are covered. This report investigates new project feasibility with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this market. In this report, thorough SWOT analysis & investment analysis is provided which forecasts imminent opportunities for the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) market players. Purchase report @ http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10723062   In the end, the report elaborates the Global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) overview various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. Present day status of the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market in key regions is stated and industry policies and news are analyzed. Some Major Point cover in this report are: – What will the market growth rate, Overview and Analysis by Type of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) in 2021? What are the key factors driving, Analysis by Applications and Countries Global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) industry? What are Dynamics, This Overview Includes Analysis of Scope, and price analysis of top Manufacturers Profiles of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN)? Who are Opportunities, Risk and Driving Force of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN)? Knows Upstream Raw Materials Sourcing and Downstream Buyers Who are the key vendors in Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) space? Business Overview by Type, Applications, Gross Margin and Market Share What are the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) market? Contact– Mr. Ameya Pingaley Absolute Reports +1-408 520 9750 Email – sales@absolutereports.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsIndoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Industry, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Industry Outlook, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market Driver, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market Key Vendors, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market Opportunities, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market Shares, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global HPLC Accessories 2017 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillator Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends & Forecast by 2021 Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
WHBQ Memphis LIVE http://www.fox13memphis.com/cmg-main-theme/css WHBQ Memphis SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your whbq profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 7249941 Home 7249947 Weather FOX13 Radar Hour by Hour Video Forecast Accuweather FOX13 Weather App 7249989 News Black History Month Politics News Videos Zika Virus Recalls 230989619 Family Focus Speaker Request Partners Resources Calendar Request Initiatives 7250109 Traffic 8435464 Investigates Crime/Most Wanted Submit a tip Missing Children 7250151 Sports Super Bowl Memphis Tigers Memphis Grizzlies Tennessee Titans High School Football 7250313 Video FOX13 Video Forecast 7250361 Watch Live News and Replay Live Breaking News 7250265 About Us FOX13 News Staff Contests What's on FOX13 Get Social Cox Careers Advertise with FOX13 Contact Us Newsletters Sign Up More Bear wanders into Walmart parking lot in Kentucky by: Bob D Angelo, Cox Media Group National Content Desk Updated: May 29, 2017 - 5:17 AM SOMERSET, Ky. - Some late-night shoppers in Kentucky were surprised to  be greeted by a  black bear in the parking lot. >> Read more trending news A bear was spotted in a Walmart parking lot in Somerset around 1:30 a.m. Monday, WLEX reported.. Police and Kentucky Fish and Wildlife officials were called to the scene to lure the bear into the woods. Until they arrived, several shoppers tried to keep the bear away from the store entrance. "We seen it running down the sidewalk in front of the outdoor living center outside of Walmart, and me and six other cars tried to block … keep the bear from going towards the customer entrance," Malcolm Stephens told WLEX. Witnesses said that officials were able to chase the bear behind the store and believe he eventually returned to the woods.   © 2017 Cox Media Group. Bear wanders into Walmart parking lot in Kentucky School choir joins Ariana Grande at 'One Love Manchester' benefit concert Dr. Seuss museum opens Gregg Allman remembered with musical jam at Big House Prince Harry honors London attack victims at Ramadan service News Local News National/World News Video Traffic FOX13 Weather Weather Download the FOX13 Weather App Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About FOX13 What's on FOX13 FCC EEO Report FOX13 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
June 4, 2017 | 81° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obituaries Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Star Channels Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs Star Channels 911 Report| Hawaii News Suspect No. 2 charged in May 17 robbery Star-Advertiser staff Posted May 29, 2017 May 29, 2017 Updated May 29, 2017 12:05am The second of three suspects has been charged in connection with a home invasion robbery in Punchbowl that police said involved suspects impersonating police officers. Kahoku Tampos, 30, was charged Saturday with first-degree robbery, kidnapping, burglary, impersonating a law enforcement officer and fourth-degree sexual assault. He was being held in lieu of $200,000 bail. Tampos was arrested Saturday afternoon at Wal-Mart, 700 Keeaumoku St. The first suspect arrested, 25-year-old Anthony Riley, was charged Friday with seven crimes, including robbery, kidnapping and burglary, in connection with the early morning incident on May 17. Riley was arrested Wednesday at Kapolei Marketplace and was being held in lieu of $200,000 bail. Police said three assailants wore shirts bearing the letters SHOPO, for the State of Hawaii Organization of Police Officers (the police union), and entered the family home in a walk-up condominium on Kamamalu Avenue after a 47-year-old woman answered the doorbell. The woman told police she opened the door because someone outside said it was the police. The suspects bound four victims in the home, including a 23-year-old man, his parents and a friend of the man’s sister, and took cash and belongings. Police said one suspect fondled the 47-year-old woman before leaving the scene. Moped rider badly hurt by crash into wall A man believed to be in his 20s was critically injured Sunday when the moped he was riding crashed into a concrete wall at Haleiwa Beach Park. The incident was first reported at 5:05 p.m. Emergency Medical Services personnel transported the man to a hospital. Action at Sandy’s keeps lifeguards engaged Lifeguards made seven rescues and took “hundreds” of preventive actions during a very busy Sunday at Sandy Beach, according to city Ocean Safety spokeswoman Shayne Enright. Lifeguards patrolling the Ka Iwi coastline on rescue watercraft assisted six people safely back to shore. No injuries were reported. Enright said lifeguards were expected to remain beyond their normal hours at Sandy Beach and along the west side due to massive Memorial Day weekend crowds. Woman arrested after victim is stabbed A 50-year-old woman was arrested Saturday after she allegedly stabbed a man in Pearl City. The woman was arrested on the 2300 block of Apapa Street in Pacific Palisades at 6 p.m. for investigation of second-­degree attempted murder. Police said the woman used a weapon to injure a 47-year-old man at about 5:20 p.m. Saturday. An Emergency Medical Services report said paramedics took the man in critical condition to a hospital. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Governor’s race could be crowded Holloway beats Aldo to unify the featherweight title at UFC 212 City plans homeless sweep of state’s Nimitz Highway medians Servco offering repairs, loaners in Toyota recall Jio, Yamaguchi lead their teams to the path to glory Comments () By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. Flag comments if you believe they do not follow our guidelines. Click here for more information on our commenting system. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
Heart ™ Menu The Anonymous Manifesto™ The Nobel Prize Aww..{A memoir} {Fiction} {Poetry} {Essays} {Reviews} {Travel} Heart™ The Anonymous Manifesto™ The Nobel Prize Aww..{A memoir} {Fiction} {Poetry} {Essays} {Reviews} {Travel} Heart™ May 28, 2017 / 1 comment The Anonymous Manifesto™ – Ep. 4 – The Indian Math teacher from Albany, Georgia * * * SG, 50 is from India and teaches high school Math in Albany, Georgia, population 70,000. He tells me about life in small town USA, his passion for a mentally stressful job like teaching and the respect he gets and the prejudices he faces from people he interacts with on a daily basis. Here’s the transcript of my face to face interview with him.  * Heart: How did you come to the States as a teacher? SG: Its a company called GTRR for which I work. Now its called KRG (Knowledge Resource Group). I was interviewed in Hyderabad (India) for this role. We have other centers around India like in Chennai, Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata where they screen for candidates. I went through a consultancy called RK Consultancy for my first round of interviews. And then RK forwarded my resume to GTRR and they did a second round of interview. * Heart: So, where all do these teachers from India get placed? Just the States or World wide? SG: I’m not exactly sure of the entire list, but, our teachers have gone to Philippines and Australia too. * Heart: What’s the subject you teach? SG: I’m a math teacher in a high school. There’s a great need for Math, Science and Special education teachers in America. These are the three categories of teachers that come here. * Heart: How long have you guys been here? SG: 10 years since 2007. We came here when our older one was 5 years old. Now he’s 15, rising 11th (grader). * Heart: What’s the demographic makeup of Albany, Georgia? Do you have any Indians? SG: There are a lot of African Americans where we live. We have a small Indian community. We have 15 teachers who came like me. * Heart: How’s the poverty rate? SG: Not much. The place is not small at the same time its not that big. One of the town’s biggest employers is Miller Coors, a beer brewing company. P&G is another one. * Heart: How’s life in Albany? SG: Running. (sic) We’re always busy, just like everyone else. But our life is not that complicated. We don’t have an Indian grocery store or anything. The rating of our school was great and so we accepted the offer to come here. * Heart: Have you experienced racism? SG: I guess the place is just like anywhere else. They accept us, they’re helpful generally when you run into them. * Heart: Its really interesting to talk to a teacher from the Indian community. Most of my friends and people I meet are business men, or doctors and for the most part work in Information technology. SG: That’s what I hear. They ask, “Oh, so even teachers come from India to teach kids here?” That’s a big question mark for them. * Heart: What visa are you guys on? SG: H1. * Heart: Do they fast track your Green card processing? SG: No, actually, its very slow. Although we’re eligible for EB2 processing for Greencards, our consulting companies don’t prefer doing that. By the way, are you guys Brahmins (One of the social classes in India)? * Heart: Yes, we are. SG: I could tell. (Laughs) * Heart: How do you do your Indian grocery (lentils and other dry goods) shopping? SG: Atlanta is 180 miles from Albany and Tallahassee is 80 miles south. But we prefer Atlanta because we can come to the temple here. There is no Indian temple in Tallahassee. Two birds at one shot. (Laughs) * Heart: Tell me anything. SG: Teaching is great. There’s a lot of respect to those of us in it. Because we (Indians) are so hardworking, the kids also show us a lot of respect. Atleast a lot of them. * Heart: Does your wife work? SG: She’s a medical records analyst in a hospital. * Heart: Was she trained here or did she come to the US as a trained person? SG: No, mam. It’s a long story. She came here on the dependant visa, H4. She worked at a gas station for a very long time. And thanks to Obama, when he gave EADs (Employment Authorization Card) to all the H4 visa holders, she started applying to different places. She was interviewed at this hospital, 3 or 4 rounds before she finally got the job. She is an MBA from India. By the way which county do you guys live in? * Heart: Fulton. SG: Until two years ago, Fulton county was taking teachers from India. Now, they don’t anymore. * Heart: Interesting. We see a couple of Indian teachers in special education. so where are all the other 14 of your teacher friends work at? SG: They are in different schools. Middle and high, both. We know a few doctors too. We know a couple of IT specialists, but they don’t hang out with us often. And their work is contract based and so its difficult to form long term friendships with them. There are a lot of IT needs for companies like P&G, the Marine Base and the Airforce and the Airport. And when we meet these IT guys in Walmart or somewhere else, we try to make friends with them, but 4 months later they’re gone. We have 15 teachers and 15 doctors in our social group. We gather every Saturday and chant Vishnu Sahasra Naamam at someone’s house. That’s an occasion to meet. * Heart: That’s great for having a sense of community. So do you do any private tutoring? SG: We don’t have the time to do anything after school. Especially for us Indian teachers. The job itself is mentally very stressful. * Heart: How do you grade kids? SG: You show me your work and your get your grades accordingly. You have to submit on time, otherwise even if its perfect, you only get a 70 from me. That’s it, those are my rules. There was a guy from our teacher’s group called Vinod and his Principal had demanded him to give a passing grade to one of Vinod’s students. And he quit the job because he didn’t want to do the wrong thing and left for India. * Heart: Oh wow. Were you a teacher back in India? SG: I was a lecturer in a Degree (Undergrad) college. And I used to have my own college. Its Gitanjali women’s college in Warangal. You can even Google it. Of course, we had to come out of it because it was difficult to juggle both India and the States. Being a sleeping partner is not that easy and its high risk. But, its doing very well now. That was my dream, you know. * Heart: Who knows you might establish a university here in the States? So, do you have any plans to go back to India? SG: (Laughs) Not yet. Our younger one is in 2nd grade. And the problem is not with us. My kids can’t be good students in India. They might initially struggle with the lifestyle, but eventually they might adapt. But education is totally a different thing. The Indian education system is very different. You might be able to come here from India and settled down well into the education system. But if you go there, you’ll be a zero. * Heart: What’s the biggest difference in education system from India and America? SG: There’s a lot of exposure for kids to many different things in America, which is missing in India. They get exposed to so many different aspects of real life and scholastics, its good for the child. They are not afraid of asking questions, think for themselves and have an individualistic approach to problems. If they don’t like something, they can say no. Even if you are the teacher, they tell you they don’t want to do this assignment. They never shy from expressing they opinions. But, in India, we learn a lot of content. We learn a subject really deeply. But here, if we work on a problem, we also have to think of the application of the solution instead of just finding a solution. For example, if you’re given a topic, you’ve to write two or three pages about it, you get some depth on the subject. But in India, parents, teachers and society, hide the actual knowledge and understanding of the student. We only have a standard answer for any given question instead of allowing the student to answer it in his own understanding. If you want your child to be an Engineer, you’ll only expose him to Math and Science. There’s a downside to that. If lets say, you want your child to become a doctor, his initial foundation is going to be in subjects related to that and if he doesn’t get a good score to get into Medical school, the child is stuck, because he hasn’t been exposed to any other area of education early on. Here, everyone does all the courses even through Under Grad and they can go into masters in an area which they want to specialize in. Whenever you decide to change the course of your career, you take the credits in the subject related to that. That’s why our government of Telangana (a southern state in India) is planning to revamp the educational system into what they call a credit system. You can accumulate all the credits you want based on the subject you choose. If you take a math course, you get a credit. You are not stuck in a course where for 3 or 4 years, you only study Math or Science. If you finish 24 credits, you can graduate from High school. If you finish 36 credits, you are done with your Under grad school, 4 years of college. So, take my example. I did my masters, and my specialization was in Math. But if you want to be a computer engineer in India, you’ve to complete your Master of Science or Master of Computer Applications. But, here, all you have to do is take credits related to computers from the University and you can get a job working with computers. In India, even before the child is actually born, parents think of what they want their children to be. He will be an engineer or she will be a doctor. (Laughs) * Heart: Your son is a rising 11th grader. How do you guys handle the pressures of his life? SG: There’s a program called “Move On Ready” which allows students starting from 10th to take classes in a college near you. His entire semester course happens online. So, he has already finished a semester. And he has started his second semester. If you get a good score in SAT, you can even attend classes in a good school. He was mad at us for forcing him to come to Atlanta for visiting the temple today. He wants to go to the game tomorrow at the school, and he has a ton of homework and we made him sit for 3 hours to get here early Saturday morning. (Laughs) But we forced him to come with us because visiting the temple is equally important. You know. * Heart: Does he like Math? SG: Oh yeah. (Laughs) * Heart: Can I ask you how much you get paid? SG: Sure, a little over 60,000 dollars. But compared to my friends in the Information technology field its meager. Most of the teachers I work with get somewhere in the 50,000s. If you’re teaching 5th grade, you might get something like 40,000 dollars. Depends on your qualifications and your experience. These are the only two things that matter. If you’ve have a graduation degree, but less experienced, you can only make around 45,000 dollars. Teaching is a tough job. And sometimes, I buy my own supplies. But it depends on what you want to do for your children, no one expects you to get your own supplies but that’s something you want to do for them sometimes. I want to talk about racism, that you had asked about earlier. No one’s openly racist or anything, but I can get a sense that they don’t want me here. Because I can sense some sort of a jealousy on our education, our property, our salaries and our cars. For example, I earn more than 60,000 dollars a year, but most of the other teachers earn around 45,000 dollars. So they compare and they ask me why I earn more? They don’t take into account my experience and my qualifications. They just think, “I’m a teacher, you’re a teacher.” So, we should all be equal. But, some of the “teachers” haven’t even finished their teaching certificate course. So, they don’t even make 1500 dollars a month. They are part of the TAP (Teacher Advancement Program) program. That’s where they get trained as teachers. After taxes, they take home about 1000 dollars a month. If they take days off, they lose some more pay. But they just compare my paycheck and theirs. Most of the Indian teachers don’t take a single day off. Out of 180 working days, we are there almost 175 days. But there’re a lot of others who take 4 or 5 days off monthly. They don’t take all these into consideration when they’re comparing paychecks.  They compare the way we dress. We dress smartly, we don’t want to wear round T shirts and jeans to work. That’s just not something we do. They jealousy about that too. (sic). They used old local cars, whereas we used international cars like, Toyota Camry or Lexus. And they’ve only one car at home. We usually have two cars and our spouse is working too. Sometimes, the son can also have a car of his own. Sometimes, it gets very hard. Even from the students, its very hard to tolerate jealousy.  * Heart: So, do the children feel like they’re entitled to good grades? SG: I don’t give them what they want if they don’t deserve it. Of course, they demand you to give them a certain grade. But I tell them, “You don’t deserve, I won’t give. Show it on paper and then demand me.” (sic) For anything that they can’t produce, they need the administrator’s support. Of course, most times, the administrators don’t support Indian teachers. I feel like the school administrators are also scared in some way. If they’ve to take any action on a student that I’m having trouble with, I’ll have to produce perfect documentation. But Indians, don’t do perfect documentation. We just want to focus on our teaching. The paper work can get out of hand and its long hard work to get just one student disciplined. We don’t want to expose the misbehavior of the student in front of the parent or the school because we don’t have the perfect documentation. We just use simple words, the student is disobedient or something and its not enough to deserve punishment. They focus a lot on these shallow things and not on the content of the subject or what’s more important for the student. The kids don’t want to do anything, all they want is a good grade. The 9th and 10th graders are the toughest grades to teach. If you want to be a teacher in a high school in America, you just have to shut your ears and eyes and get into your classroom. The kids keep throwing a lot of profanity on you constantly. You can’t save your self respect in situations like these. You have 25 children in a classroom and you can’t expect everyone to behave perfectly well. Some kids are rude, some have just returned from jail, some bring knives to school. Who knows if someone’s murdered someone and is sitting in your class now? There’s a current student of mine, and she’s just returned from being in detention system for 3 or 4 years. * Heart: Do you know why? SG: Drugs, or stealing or I don’t know, it can be anything. And that’s why I tell my kids, there are cameras everywhere in Walmart and other places. Don’t steal, if you need anything ask me. (Laughs) Or most times they fight a lot. When they use profanity, all you can do is write them up. In India, you can beat the shit of that guy. You do it at school and then even at home, he’ll get a good dose of that medicine. (Laughs) Here, all I can do is documentation. And when parents come, they are surprised that their child has used profanity. (Laughs) If you have the administrator’s support, they will talk to the parents to tell them that their child is at fault. If you want teach, you can’t survive the stress for long. By evening, I am so stressed out, that I can’t do anything else. * Heart: What’s the problem, does it start at home? Are they from broken families? SG: A lot of them are children to single parents. Parents with criminal background. They bring their boyfriend or girlfriend problems to class. On guy was like, “Someone’s talking to my girlfriend, and I don’t like that” and he’s using violence against the other kid in the hallway. Bottom line is, if they would focus on their education, there wouldn’t been a need for teachers to come from India. The End.  * More on The Anonymous Manifesto™ here.  * * * Rate this: Share this: Twitter Email Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google Related About the author Heart™ Mommy. Big Data Analyst. Writer. Bloggess. Poetess. Struggling Humanitarian. Literary Social Vigilante. Amateur Ethnologist. Single Tab Addict. Hopelessly Romantic. Aspiring Stand-up Comedian. Future Couch Potato. Wannabe Polymath. Minimalist. Heart™Author website About the post The Anonymous Manifesto High School, Inspiration, Interview, Teaching, TheAnonymousManifesto The Anonymous Manifesto™ – Ep. 5 – A Finnish grandmother with a love for sport and independence The Anonymous Manifesto™ – Ep. 3 – Rock band, Race cars and the Firebird mom – I One Comment Add yours → అనురాధ నాదెళ్ల May 29, 2017 — 3:57 am Interesting to know about a teacher from India. It is really challenging to teach high school kids. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Heart ™ © 2008 – 2017 This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. Want to email me? Find me at Heart Blog at WordPress.com. . Up ↑ Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
KSHB Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + 7 Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weather Cams Weather Radar Storm Tracker Weather Alerts School Closings Weather Blog Weather Videos Traffic + Gas Prices News + Local State US/World The Now KC Galleries Politics DecodeDC Crime Investigators Education Conquering Addiction Money + ShopSmart Business Don't Waste Your Money Angie's List Financial Fitness Zone Sports + Royals Chiefs Sporting KC College Sports High School Entertainment + Celebrity Movies TV Listings Right This Minute Bounce TV COZI TV The List Lifestyle + Holidays Home & Garden Family Community Calendar Food Pets Science/Tech Taste & See KC Simplemost Marketplace + BBB KC Home Improvement Specialists Video + Latest Videos Youtube Channel Watch 41 Action News Live About Us + Contact Us Contests Meet The Team Advertise With Us 41 Action News Mobile RSS Support KindKC KCLive.TV 38theSpot.com Nichols at Night Current 73 Fair 3-Day Forecast HI: -° LO: 67° HI: -° LO: 67° HI: -° LO: 67° More Weather Traffic current alerts 2 More Traffic Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences Suspect dead after officer-involved shooting at Raytown Walmart 41 Action News Staff , Josh Helmuth 4:37 AM, May 29, 2017 6:05 AM, May 30, 2017 Share Article Previous Next An off-duty Jackson County Sheriff's deputy shot and killed an alleged shoplifting suspect. A Jackson County deputy shot and killed a suspect after an alleged struggle at a Raytown Wal-Mart Sunday night. The deputy was injured in the incident. A Jackson County deputy shot and killed a suspect after an alleged struggle at a Raytown Wal-Mart Sunday night. The deputy was injured in the incident. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Josh Helmuth - 41 Action News Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next RAYTOWN, Mo. - Officials say the man shot and killed during a struggle with a Jackson County Sheriff's Deputy was 31-year-old Donald Sneed of Kansas City.  Police said around 9:15 p.m. Sunday an off-duty deputy working for Wal-Mart tried to stop a male suspect from shoplifting. "A struggle ensued. She was disarmed of her Taser and got out her service weapon and shot the suspect. He was transported to a local hospital where he was pronounced deceased," Sgt. John Payne with the Jackson County Sheriff's Office said. According to a release from the Jackson County Sheriff, the suspect managed to disarm the deputy of her taser and then tased her in the neck. Officials say the deputy, fearing for her safety and the safety of others, pulled out her weapon and shot the suspect.       Both the deputy and Sneed were taken to the hospital. Sneed later died from his injuries.  The deputy was treated and released from the hospital. She will be placed on leave until the investigation is over.  Justin Coonce of Raytown was leaving the Raytown Walmart off Blue Parkway Sunday night when he saw what led up to the officer-involved shooting that left a man dead.  Coonce told 41 Action News that he and his family witnessed a "struggle" between what appeared to be two men and a police officer. Once he got closer he said he saw a fairly large man attempting to help a police officer subdue another man. Coonce said the struggle went on for "several minutes." "He was tased multiple times. I heard the taser.... he still, physically, was not fazed by it from what I saw," he said. Coonce also said there was a bystander who attempted to help subdue the alleged shoplifter during the struggle and that there's no question, to him, the officer's life may have been threatened. "My opinion is that the deputy feared for herself so she felt like she had to take the next step and use deadly force," he said.  41 Action News spoke with Florida woman Gayle Sneed, mother of Don Sneed.  "I'm distraught. I can't. I haven't been to bed. The sad part is nobody will tell me where my son is," she said.  Gayle Sneed says police have said very little and told 41 Action News that she desperately tried to speak with police about the whereabouts of her son to no avail.  "I've called the sheriff's department every two hours since eleven o'clock last night," she said. "I need somebody to call me and tell me that, yes, his name is Donald Sneed and that he's dead and that I can find him somewhere. I just need somebody to please answer my questions." Family in Florida are trying to get on a plane as soon as possible, coming to Kansas City to demand answers.  Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story TrafficNews Money Sports Entertainment Life Video Weather KSHB Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Staff TV Listings Community Calendar KC Home Improvement Specialists Right this Minute Laff TV Watch NBC Contests Mobile Apps KSHB iPhone iPad Kindle Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected  Facebook  Twitter  Instagram  YouTube Newsletters Stations Scripps TV Station Group © 2014 The E.W. Scripps Co Site MapPrivacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, June 04, 2017, 11:19 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / News / Arkansas / Variety, the unexpected keep south Fayetteville funky By Stacy Ryburn This article was published May 29, 2017 at 1:05 a.m. PHOTO BY ANDY SHUPE Barry “Bear” Bramlett, owner of Bear’s Place on 15th Street in Fayetteville, speaks Thursday at the end of the bar in his bar and restaurant in south Fayetteville that features live music most nights since opening in 2012. Comments aAFont Size Patrons eat Thursday at The Green Goat on Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard in south Fayetteville. Zac Ramsey, head cook at The Green Goat, ÿlls orders Thursday for patrons on Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard in south Fayetteville. A found-object metal sculpture stands Friday in front of a house at 130 E. Rock St. in south Fayetteville. Natalie Freeman, owner of the newly opened Freckled Hen Farmhouse, speaks Thursday inside her homewares store in south Fayetteville she calls a modern... Erika Wilhite, artistic director for the Artist’s Laboratory Theatre, speaks Friday in front of a full schedule of events lined up for the nonproÿt gr... FAYETTEVILLE -- Residents on the south side of town take pride in its alternative vibe. Someone painted a rainbow on a guardrail on Washington Avenue between Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard and South Street. A handmade metal statue of a monster-looking thing looms over Jason Jones' lawn on Rock Street. Local artist Olivia Trimble's painted sign on an empty building on South College Avenue tells passers-by to "Share Something Beautiful." The area has gone through plenty of changes over the years but has seen a bit of a resurgence as of late, said Rob Lewis, co-owner of City Lumber, which has called South School Avenue home since 1959. A crop of up-and-coming businesses and young people who have taken an affinity to that part of town has played no small part in that, he said. "I think it's all good. I think it's all great," Lewis said. "I like seeing the dynamic part of it. I like to see the new people mixing in. I like the property values going up." That's not to say the area hasn't experienced loss. Marvin's IGA at 1620 S. School Ave., which served as the only grocery store within a walkable distance for many residents, closed in March. Brenda's Bigger Burger, a staple of MLK Boulevard for nearly 50 years, shut down in November 2012. Jefferson Elementary School faded away in 2007. However, an adult education center has since replaced the elementary school. The University of Arkansas has a plan to make the old burger spot a part of its art and design district. A Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market moved in on MLK Boulevard near the railroad overpass about a year before Marvin's closed. An 'organic' operation Natalie Freeman, owner of Freckled Hen Farmhouse, took advantage of the rotating cast of available spaces to give her online store a brick-and-mortar home at 572 W. Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd. The momentum she gained from social media translated to publicity with a mention in Better Homes and Gardens to feet shuffling and eyes browsing in what Freeman calls her "modern-day general store." Having a Neighborhood Market next door also helps. That and local establishments such as Crimson and Clover, Heartwood Gallery and the Art Experience in the same area help Freeman's shop blend in with the surroundings, she said. "It's been amazing. People are so excited to have something in south Fayetteville for retail," Freeman said. "I don't get why more people don't move here. It's wonderful." The city's push for infill development and encouragement of "tactical urbanism," which refers to when residents take it upon themselves to create crosswalks and other traffic safety features with makeshift materials, plays into what Jake Killcrece, 20, loves about his hometown. Killcrece and his friend Dani Knox, 20, enjoyed Thursday afternoon at the Green Goat. Neighbors created their own colorful crosswalk across South Wood Avenue and the Green Goat has its two food trucks on the corner at the four-way stop with MLK Boulevard. Owner Erin Walsh lives at the house behind the trucks and the giant mural painted by local artist Octavio Logo. "They're doing the infill thing and everything's so compact. It's feeling more like a city and not like a country town," Killcrece said. "You've got Elkins and it's just one strip, but over here you've got roads and you never know what's around the next corner. You just drive down here and you see this place." Knox said something like food trucks on someone's front lawn and residents painting all over the street would never fly in southern California, where she's from. "It's pretty illegal," Knox said. "You'd have like five permits and people coming by all the time. We have some hole-in-the wall places, but nothing like this." Walsh said the Downtown General zoning district allows her to live and operate her business on the same property. She loves how everyone helps each other in south Fayetteville. Often she'll trade food for someone to remove invasive plants from the yard. Rather than shoo away homeless people, she'll offer them what she can. "It truly is an 'organic' operation," Walsh said. 'We complement each other' The Planning Commission in April approved a conditional use permit so the Artist's Laboratory Theatre can be in a former church at 1030 S. College Ave. Artistic Director Erika Wilhite said the program's popularity grew after moving its office and a stage to the building late last year, garnering positive and negative attention from neighbors. "We were like, 'Oh no wait, this is starting to shape our identity.' So, we went door to door and we got 17 surveys from our immediate neighbors," she said. "To their faces, we asked them how are we doing, what can we do differently and also what programming do you want to see? We took advantage of that opportunity to meet everyone." The nonprofit group uses a variety of venues across Northwest Arkansas but has set its anchor in south Fayetteville. The idea is to have the arts reach people who wouldn't otherwise get such exposure, like at-risk youth, jail inmates and the homeless. Neighbors also use the space to hold community meetings. Wilhite wasn't sure if the operation would mesh as well in other parts of town. "This area suits our identity better," she said. "We complement each other." Business owners of the area also help each other out. Wilhite said Bear's Place, which lies on 15th Street between a family farm where folks pick their own strawberries and a Christian preschool, offered to hold a fundraiser for the Artist's Lab. "Bear," or Barry Bramlett, opened the bar/restaurant/venue for fledgling artists with the style of '90s Dickson Street in mind. Boars' heads, antique guns and vintage signs adorn the walls inside Bear's Place. Outside, the front door indicates the place opens "when the door is unlocked" and closes "when Bear feels like going home." Bramlett has a calendar book filled with acts he has never heard of and he prefers it that way. By his own account, the bands he does know are "so damn good it'll knock your socks off." Others end up being a pleasant surprise, like a woman Bramlett booked who presented nothing more than a business card. "She comes in here and she sat on that stage for three hours and sang a cappella," he said. "You know what a cappella is? It was really pretty frigging incredible. And she didn't have no front teeth. She came up here in a cab and she got out and I'm like, 'Oh God, what have I done?'" The spontaneity of the musical acts, and of south Fayetteville, was an easy draw for Bramlett, who could have spent his years resting on his laurels. Instead, he operates Bear's Place seven days a week. "I retired from AT&T and I'm like, what was I thinking? What the hell was I thinking?" he said jokingly. "I could be riding a motorcycle. I could be, like, doing nothing right now. Mowing my yard, taking care of business at home. But no, somebody said, 'Buy a bar man, it's fun.'" NW News on 05/29/2017 Print Headline: South Fayetteville funky for all Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More NWAnews Arkansan's kin sue Texas jail over death Public Meetings Records Summer jobs out, teen CEOS in Variety, the unexpected keep south Fayettevil... Open Mondays new court option in Rogers Bentonville School District seeking recycling... Cave Springs Council to reconsider community ... Man, woman killed in two road wrecks More NWAnews stories > Comments on: Variety, the unexpected keep south Fayetteville funky To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 'Executive privilege' to quiet Comey called an option (29 comments) Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (31 comments) 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack (6 comments) Pulled from reality (4 comments) 2 leaders affirm climate pledges (2 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (35 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Publications Blooming Prairie Leader Faribault Daily News Janesville Argus Le Center Leader Le Sueur News Herald Lonsdale Area News Review Northfield News Owatonna People's Press Scene St. Peter Herald The Kenyon Leader Waseca County News 72° Clear Faribault, MN (55021) Today A few clouds. Tonight Mostly clear. Low 56F. Winds light and variable. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 10:54 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Search Publications Blooming Prairie Leader Faribault Daily News Janesville Argus Le Center Leader Le Sueur News Herald Lonsdale Area News Review Northfield News Owatonna People's Press archives arts_and_entertainment business community contact_us elections forms anniversary birthday births classifieds customer_support engagements hello_beautiful historic_pages letters obituaries submit_news wedding news local nation region state world obituaries opinion recent_comments scff daily_schedules fair_talk judging_results scff_news_tidbits stories_and_news site special_sections sports weather word_received Scene St. Peter Herald The Kenyon Leader Waseca County News Close Gov. Terry Branstad laughs at a joke during a hearing before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on his nomination to become U.S. ambassador to China. Branstad reports assets as part of ambassador application Erin Jordan he Gazette May 29, 2017 Updated May 29, 2017 (…) Gov. Terry Branstad laughs at a joke during a hearing before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on his nomination to become U.S. ambassador to China. TownNews.com Content Exchange DES MOINES | Former Gov. Terry Branstad reported at least $1 million in assets — and possibly as much as $3.3 million — as part of a federal financial disclosure report required for his application to be U.S. ambassador to China. Branstad stepped down as Iowa’s longest-serving governor Wednesday before taking the oath as U.S. ambassador. Included among more than 50 companies in which Branstad owns stock are 14 he says he will divest to avoid a potential conflict of interest in China. “I am committed to the highest standards of ethical conduct for government officials,” Branstad wrote in a March 23 letter to the U.S. State Department. The two-page letter with the subject line “Ethics Undertakings” was one of two documents The Gazette obtained last week through the federal Freedom of Information Act. The other was Branstad’s Public Financial Disclosure Report, filed with the U.S. Office of Government Ethics, which outlines the former governor’s assets, including investments, savings accounts, real estate holdings and liabilities. The disclosure is required of people seeking senior level positions in the U.S. government. “You can’t be in a position to benefit from your ambassadorship,” said Ron McMullen, a career diplomat who served as U.S. ambassador to Eritrea from 2007 to 2010. McMullen is now the University of Iowa’s ambassador in residence, teaching courses on comparative politics, diplomacy and international politics. “The rule of thumb is an ambassador can’t actively be managing investments that happen to deal with the country to which he or she is ambassador to,” he said. “So if an asset is doing business with China or investing in China, and you’re ambassador to China, you can’t actively manage that, so it has to be put in a trust or you have to divest in it.” Avoiding conflict of interest Branstad’s promise to sell stock in 14 companies, including Apple, PayPal, Deere and Co. and Wal-Mart, within 90 days of confirmation came because those companies “have been deemed to present a significant risk of a conflict of interest,” according to a State Department response to The Gazette. “The assets that Ambassador Branstad is retaining have either been deemed not to present a significant risk of a conflict of interest at this time, or are currently subject to a de minimus exemption under the ethics regulations,” the agency reported, referring to exemptions for small investments. Deere and Co., based in Moline, Ill., has extensive manufacturing operations in China as well as other countries. Ken Golden, global public relations director for the company, said in March he was pleased to see Branstad considered as ambassador because Branstad knows agriculture and has been an advocate for international trade. Branstad says in the March 23 letter he will have a “covered relationship”  with the state of Iowa for one year, which means he’ll need to seek specific permission to participate in any matters involving Iowa and China. The State Department said this is “standard language” for someone who has previously served as a state governor. “Ambassador Branstad will receive ongoing guidance about the matters that federal ethics law permit him to participate in,” the agency said. Financial disclosure Branstad’s financial disclosure report, at eight pages, is significantly less complicated than the 104-page report filed by Donald Trump last year when he was running for president. The reports provide some idea of a senior government official’s assets — but because each asset is listed with a value range, the grand total also has a wide range. For example, the value of Branstad’s stock in Casey’s General Stores, headquartered in Ankeny, is listed as $15,001 to $50,000. His total assets are valued at as little as $1.08 million and as much as $3.33 million, according to the report. Branstad lists 55 companies in which he owns stock, with the total value of those investments between $114,000 and $885,000. The companies include automotive (Axalta Coating Systems and Advance Auto Parts), medical (Diplomat Pharmacy, GlaxoSmithKline and Allscripts Healthcare Solutions), energy (Whiting Petroleum, TransCanada and Kinder Morgan) and financial (Wells Fargo and Co., West Bancorporation and Comerica Inc.). Chris Branstad, Branstad’s wife, has investments in Berkshire Hathaway ($1,001 to $15,000) and Diplomat Pharmacy ($1,001 to $15,000), the report states. Real estate While Trump’s real estate holdings include Trump Tower in Midtown Manhattan and Mar-a-Lago golf resort in Palm Beach, Fla., Branstad’s commercial real estate is in places such as Lake Mills, a Northern Iowa town of 2,000 where Branstad operated a law office and served as state representative before becoming lieutenant governor in 1979. Branstad also owns parcels in Lake Park, Sibley, Seymore, Olin, LeClaire, Joice, Dunlap, Bode, Exira, Guttenberg, Lohrville, Manly, North English and Packwood. This land or property is worth between $960,015 and $2.35 million, the report states. Also listed among Branstad’s assets is an annual salary of $150,000. Branstad’s official salary as governor was $130,000 in fiscal 2016, but it’s possible he was including travel and subsistence — an additional $14,282 last year. He doesn’t give the value of his state of Iowa defined benefit plan, but said it yields about $2,900 per month in retirement payments. For liabilities, Branstad listed two mortgages, one for a personal residence valued at $100,001 to $250,000 and one for a rental property valued at $50,001 to $100,000. ‘Very lengthy process’ The Gazette requested from the State Department and the Office of Government Ethics all of Branstad’s application materials. The OGE responded March 23 saying it was withholding 53 pages of notes and emails between the office and the State Department as “predecisional deliberative process material,” which is exempt from FOIA. “The disclosure ... would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy,” the OGE said in the letter. McMullen, a Northwood, Iowa, native who has lived in, worked in or traveled to 105 countries, remembers filling out his financial disclosure report to be considered as a foreign ambassador.  “It’s a very lengthy process,” he said. “It’s like filing a tax return and having it audited twice.”  This article originally ran on siouxcityjournal.com. Tags Chris Branstad Economics Company Finance State Department Commerce Asset Ambassador Ron Mcmullen Terry Branstad University Of Iowa Locations Iowa Most Popular Articles Images Videos Articles Rochester man charged with attempted murder in stabbing Court rules police violated murder suspect's right to counsel Owatonna man wins $100,000 lottery prize Steele County Public Works director resigns St. Dominic School crafts little library in honor of deceased teacher Faribault firefighters respond to Friday, Saturday fires COURT REPORTS: Search warrant turns up meth in Montgomery couple's bedroom Viracon posts record-breaking year for profit-sharing Faribault motorcyclist dies in crash near Shields Lake St. Peter softball earns 1st trip to state in 10 years Images Videos Public Notices City, Township, County and School District notices. Submit an Event Upcoming Events Jun 4 Meal at the Moose Lodge Sun, Jun 4, 2017 @ 8:30 am Jun 4 Alcoholics Anonymous (AA) Early Bird Meeting - Owatonna Sun, Jun 4, 2017 @ 8:30 am Jun 4 Beginner Organic Gardening Sun, Jun 4, 2017 @ 8:30 am Jun 4 Fresh Art Tour Sun, Jun 4, 2017 @ 10:00 am Jun 4 AA Topic, AA & Alanon, AA Big Book Sun, Jun 4, 2017 @ 10:00 am Around the Web Patty Jenkins' heart sank when Gal Gadot was cast in Wonder Woman Rita Ora's mother loves the Fifty Shades movies Priyanka Chopra's conscious movie choices Chris Pine took ego check Newsletters Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. Faribault Daily News Morning Report Delivered Tuesday through Saturday mornings. Kenyon Leader Morning Report Delivered Wednesday and Saturday. Le Center Leader Morning Report Delivered Wednesday and Saturday. Le Sueur News Herald Morning Report Delivered Wednesday and Saturday. Lonsdale Area News Review Weekly Newsletter Delivered Tuesday morning. Northfield News Morning Report Delivered Tuesday through Saturday mornings. Owatonna Peoples Press Morning Report Delivered Tuesday through Saturday mornings. Southernminn Business Report Delivered Tuesday through Saturday mornings.  St. Peter Herald Morning Report Delivered Wednesday and Saturday. Waseca County News Morning Report Delivered Wednesday and Saturday. Manage your lists Sections Classifieds e-Edition Online Features Weather Services Advertise APG Media Careers Contact Us Contest Rules Delivery / Refund policies Local Ads Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Information http://southernminn.com 514 Central Ave. Faribault, MN 55021 Phone: 507-333-3111 Email: sgett@faribault.com © Copyright 2017 Southernminn, 514 Central Ave. Faribault, MN | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home E-Edition Classifieds Stepsaver/Observers Citizens News Photo Reprints Contests Employment Dining About Us Advertising Newsroom History Forms Employment Privacy Terms of Use Contact Us Subscriptions Letters to the Editor Editorial and Opinion News Article News Tip Sports Department Website Issues Subscribe Activate Access Home Delivery Subscription Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Top Stories Advanced Search Calendar Weather Webcams Photo Reprints Lottery Contests Traffic Email Updates News Elections Local Election National Election Candidate Profiles Business Connecticut Local Morning 5 National New England Offbeat Today in History World Records Courts Inspections Police Sports The Zone UConn College Local sports MLB NBA NFL NHL Pro Sports Entertainment Arts Best Bets Movies Music Nightlife People Theater TV Lifestyle Wheels Horoscope Family Food Health Outdoors Technology Travel Tide Charts Social Moments Announcements Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriages Obits Opinion Editorials Syndicated Columnists Commentary Letters Your Page Columns Active Outdoors Beer Snob CT-Music Living Here Matter Of Laugh And Death Nature Off Stage Ride CT Sunday Reflections Blogs Gardening Off The Record Throwback Thursday Time Out What’s for Dinner Marketplace Place Ad Jobs Open Houses Legal Ads Dining Guide Coupons Newspaper Ads Special Sections Classifieds Announcements Employment Merchandise Pets & Animals Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Transportation – Autos Rec Vehicles Services Investment Food stamp cuts could ripple through American economy May 28, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump - 11 comments By CANDICE CHOI Associated Press NEW YORK – A proposal to curtail the nation’s food stamp program would pinch families struggling to pay for groceries and ripple through other areas of the economy, including supermarkets and discounters, as people shuffle their budgets. President Donald Trump is proposing a roughly 30 percent reduction in the federal budget for the program formally known as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP. His overall budget proposal met a chilly reception from lawmakers, and is unlikely to be passed as is. But it suggests increasing work requirements for SNAP recipients, and says states should both share in the cost of the program and determine the level of benefits they provide. That would lead to fewer people in the program, or could reduce how much help they get. Last year, more than 44 million people received an average of about $125 a month in SNAP benefits, totaling about $66.6 billion, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. How any cuts would play out across industries would depend on how people adjust to pay for food, how reliant a retailer is on SNAP spending and other factors. SNAP households are already on extremely tight budgets. To qualify, a family of four’s take-home pay can be no more than $2,025 a month, while a two-person household can earn no more than $1,335. More than 260,000 locations were authorized to accept SNAP credits last year. Superstores such as Wal-Mart and Target got 52 percent of redemptions, supermarkets like Kroger got 30 percent, and convenience stores got about 6 percent, according to the USDA . The rest was split among other kinds of stores. The USDA doesn’t specify how much is spent at specific retailers. But in 2013, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. told the Wall Street Journal that it gets about 18 percent of total SNAP benefits. That would have been about $13.43 billion in 2012. Since food is a fixed cost, retailers have said that people used money intended for other purposes to pay for groceries after a recent pullback in the program. “They’re paying cash or on a credit card if they didn’t have the food stamps. And then they will give up on something else,” Kroger’s CEO at the time, Dave Dillon, said in December 2013. That was after the SNAP benefits that were expanded during the recession returned to their previous levels. Last year, the SNAP program also underwent cuts when 22 states reinstated a three-month limit on benefits for unemployed adults who aren’t disabled or raising children and don’t meet certain work requirements. That limitation had been waived by some states during the recession. A report by the USDA in 2010 said boosting SNAP benefits during economic downturns starts a “multiplier process” in transactions and consumption. It found that boosting SNAP expenditures by $1 billion was estimated to increase economic activity by $1.79 billion. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Pinterest Reddit Tumblr More Skype LinkedIn Pocket Email Print Telegram Related 11 thoughts on “Food stamp cuts could ripple through American economy” raycity222 May 29, 2017 at 1:37 am The rich are told to pay their fair share,how about the rest pay their own way. Log in to Reply philthy May 29, 2017 at 9:03 am The problem with that is the super rich control exactly how much the working man makes. So essentially the super should be over taxed for the mess they created. Explain to me Ray, why anyone needs to earn more than 1 million dollars per year? Someone like me or you could live like a king with that amount of money. But it’s not enough for the greedy scum that were born with a gold spoon in their mouth and never had to worry about bills, or their next meal, or a roof over their head. Instead of increasing hourly pay for workers, companies increase the pay of their CEO. It amazes me how brainwashed working people have become. So many actually praise the amount that the super rich make. That’s money coming out of you pocket. But instead blame the poor. Most of whom are too stupid to compete for the minimal amount of jobs out there. It’s not 1950 where you could walk into Scovil’s or Anaconda Brass and get a job. Why is it different now? Because greedy super rich moved the jobs overseas because they didn’t wanna pay you a fair wage. And now it’s damn near impossible to reverse. I know Trump wants to, but you can’t force companies to return their factories to the US. But somehow this is all the fault of the poor even though they control nothing. Stop praising the super rich. They don’t care about you. Not one single bit. Most of them I’d say over 95% were born rich. They didn’t do a thing to “Earn it”. Remember this. Starting with a dollar and making into 1 million dollars is 10 times as hard than starting with 1 million and making into 10 million. Log in to Reply philthy May 29, 2017 at 9:06 am One more thing, I respect Fred Trump, the man who really did start an empire. Not his son who inherited what his dad created. Log in to Reply freepress May 29, 2017 at 5:47 am Obama waived the work requirement to obtain welfare benefits, therefore it should be reinstated to the benefit of towns, the state and federal government, while having able bodied recipients put some “sweat equity” into the benefits they receive as well as giving them skills that can be used at new employment and an item for their resume or list of jobs held on an employment application. No way should they be getting a totally free ride, because the current status discourages them from seeking gainful employment. Workfare should again be the rule of the land! Log in to Reply sargoniv May 29, 2017 at 6:42 am I see some disingenuous hypocrisy, or perhaps just ignorance in the above comments. I’m speaking of the Fed. income tax mortgage deduction that is allowed for middle and upper middle and upper class home owners. The mortgage deduction which is only available to the groups I just mentioned is a give away of the Fed. Gov. that the poor or lower classes are denied. I’m sure the mortgage deduction that Free and others, including myself , have taken and saved thousands of tax monies each year amount to a hell of a lot more than somebody’s SNAP benefits or even Section 8 benefits. So while you holier than thou people slam the poor, you are dipping into the largesse of the Feds to a much greater extent with the MID that some hungry person on Sec. 8 benefits. Log in to Reply philthy May 29, 2017 at 9:08 am Thanks sarg, you’re exactly correct. Log in to Reply gas289 May 29, 2017 at 1:26 pm At least we worked for the benefit! Their not denied anything! They the ones able should get up off their but and work for it! Log in to Reply gas289 May 29, 2017 at 1:54 pm butt ctme May 29, 2017 at 7:06 am I believe in cutting the workable people. As a CNA , I see so much fraud in the HUD and food stamp programs. Like keeping all the bills under one persons name. But having rent or extra money coming in from room mates. Boyfriends selling street drugs💊 so they get to drive in luxury cars and wear expensive clothes . Come on America open your eyes. Maybe we should just give it to our veterans and elderly that worked all their life! Log in to Reply allphie May 29, 2017 at 12:19 pm Taxpayers shouldn’t subsidize coke, Pepsi and Frito lay, that’s for sure! Log in to Reply gas289 May 29, 2017 at 1:19 pm Lobster ,shrimp , ice cream, donuts, …. Log in to Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. More articles from National Trump to push for overhauling roads, bridges June 4, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump, Taxes - no comments WASHINGTON – President Donald Trump is launching a major push for a $1 trillion overhaul of the nation’s roads and bridges, a key item on his agenda that’s been stymied in Congress and overshadowed by White House controversies. Trump plans… Read Post → AP Fact Check: America’s environmental record June 4, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump - no comments WASHINGTON – President Donald Trump said the United States “will continue to be the cleanest and most environmentally friendly country on Earth” as he announced a U.S. pullout from an international accord designed to curb climate change. However, data show… Read Post → Late in life, sex assault trial caps Cosby’s life and legacy June 4, 2017 - National, News - Tagged: Bill Cosby, Crime, Philadelphia, sex assault, trial - 1 comment PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Bill Cosby doesn’t plan to testify when he goes on trial Monday on sexual assault charges, but the rambling, remarkable testimony he gave a decade ago in the accuser’s lawsuit could still prove pivotal. The deposition from… Read Post → Navy recovers cannon to identify shipwreck June 3, 2017 - National - no comments PROVIDENCE, R.I. – Now that a cannon that rested in waters off Rhode Island’s shore for two centuries has been raised, U.S. Navy archaeologists are hoping to confirm that the ship that sank at the site was a schooner commanded… Read Post → Suicide bombers kill 6 in Afghanistan June 3, 2017 - National - Tagged: Afghanistan, Islam, Police, Terrorism - no comments KABUL, Afghanistan – At least six people were killed Saturday when a trio of suicide bombers struck a funeral attended by senior government officials, just three days after a powerful truck bomb in one of the most heavily guarded parts… Read Post → Haley: Trump believes ‘climate is changing’ June 3, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump, Memorial Day, Social media - 2 comments WASHINGTON – Does he or doesn’t he? Believe in climate change, that is. You’d think that would be an easy enough question the day after President Donald Trump announced he was pulling the U.S. out of the landmark global accord… Read Post → U.N. votes to add 15 North Koreans to blacklist June 3, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump - no comments UNITED NATIONS – The U.N. Security Council voted unanimously Friday to add 15 individuals and four entities linked to North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs to a U.N. sanctions blacklist, but Chinese opposition blocked tough new sanctions the United States… Read Post → Gay rights parade held in conservatively ruled Poland June 3, 2017 - National - Tagged: LGBT, Police - no comments WARSAW, Poland – Thousands of people marched and danced down the streets of central Warsaw on Saturday to show their support for gay rights, calling for stronger defiance of discrimination and greater acceptance for same-sex unions and marriages. The 17th… Read Post → Time dwindling for major successes in GOP legislative agenda June 3, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump, Republican Party, Social media, Supreme Court, Taxes - no comments WASHINGTON – President Donald Trump and his GOP allies on Capitol Hill have made it through nearly half their first year in power without a single major legislative achievement. If that’s going to change, it will have to start soon,… Read Post → Video shows gunman in casino attack June 3, 2017 - National - Tagged: Crime, ISIS, Islam, Police, Terrorism - no comments MANILA, Philippines – Security footage shows the man responsible for one of the Philippine capital’s deadliest attacks in years casually exiting a taxi just after midnight and walking calmly into a vast entertainment and gambling complex like any other visitor…. Read Post → ‹ Older posts Newspaper Ads Latest News Blumenthal accuses Trump of trying to block Russian probe 2 mins ago Police may get cameras Amendment to bill proposed by legislator from Southbury 3 mins ago KidsMarathon has legs thanks to Torrington organizer 6 mins ago Kitchen garden talk part of Cornwall tour 7 mins ago Winsted loft project nearly done 7 mins ago CategoriesCategories Select Category _Posts Announcements    Anniversaries    Births    Engagements    Marriages    Reunions Blogs    City Beat    Gardening    Off The Record    Pickin’ on Life    Throwback Thursday    What’s for Dinner Campership Cartoon Columns    Active Outdoors    Beer Snob    CT-Music    Living Here    Matter Of Laugh And Death    Nature    Off Stage    Ride CT    Sunday Reflections Community    Graduations    Honor rolls Entertainment    Arts    Best Bets    Entertainment Videos    Movies    Music    Nightlife    People    Theater    TV Featured Gallery    Auto Racing Photo Gallery    College Sports    Graduations    Local Sports Photos    NASA Image of the day    News Gallery    Reader Photos    Social Moments    Top Sports Horoscope Lifestyle    Family    Food    Health    Home    Outdoors    Technology    Travel    Wheels News    Business    Connecticut    Elections       Candidate Profiles       Election Videos       Local Election       National Election          US Senate and House       State Elections    Local    Morning 5    National    New England    News Videos    Offbeat    Today in History    World Obituaries Opinion    Commentary    Editorials    Letters    Syndicated Columnists    Worth Reading    Your Page Records    Courts    Inspections    Police Sports    Athlete of the Week    Auto Racing    College    Goalzone    Golf    High School       Gymnastics    Hoopzone    Latest on The Zone    Local Sports       Local Sports Videos    MLB    NBA    NFL    NHL    Olympics    Pro Sports    Redzone    Soccer    Sports featured    Sports Gallery    Sports Videos    Strikezone    Sunday Six    The Zone test    UConn       Football       Men’s Basketball       The coaches       The Streak       UConn video       UCWBB Best Ever       Women’s Basketball Top Stories Valedictorians    Valedictorians 2016 Videos Polls Should uninsured pregnant women be able to obtain individual health policies? Yes. No. You mean both parties actually agreed on something and the governor doesn't like it? View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Reader Comments allphie on Food aid threatened The Truth on Bill Maher’s use of racial slur on HBO show draws criticism todd on Malloy, lawmakers need to exhibit some courage todd on Malloy, lawmakers need to exhibit some courage nolan1789 on Faulty priorities on tuition aid Towns Barkhamsted Beacon Falls Bethlehem Bridgewater Burlington Canaan Cheshire Colebrook Cornwall Falls Village Goshen Harwinton Kent Litchfield Middlebury Morris Naugatuck New Hartford Norfolk Oxford Plymouth Prospect Roxbury Salisbury Seymour Sharon Southbury Thomaston Torrington Warren Waterbury Watertown Winsted Wolcott Woodbury Lottery Powerball for 06/03/2017 03-09-21-41-54 PB-25Next Drawing: Wed. Jun. 7Next Jackpot: $375.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $235.4 Mega Millions for 06/02/2017 07-42-57-69-72 MB-10 MP-3Next Drawing: Tue. Jun. 6Next Jackpot: $80.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $50.2 Lotto! for 06/02/2017 06-08-10-28-32-36Next Drawing: Tue. Jun. 6Next Jackpot: $2.4 Million; Est. Cash Value: $1,955,000 Lucky for Life for 06/01/2017 07-28-34-40-46 LB-18Next Drawing: Mon. Jun. 5 Cash5 for 06/03/2017 04-05-15-25-34 Upcoming Events Jun 5 Mon 8:00 am Mohegan Sun Casino @ Mosgrove Field Mohegan Sun Casino @ Mosgrove Field Jun 5 @ 8:00 am $28. $30 in food, vouchers. Sign up at Oakville VFW Post 7330, 85 Davis St., Oakville. Proceeds will fund veteran and community projects. 11:30 am Torrington Woman’s Club 95th Ann... @ Fairview Farms Golf Course Torrington Woman’s Club 95th Ann... @ Fairview Farms Golf Course Jun 5 @ 11:30 am Menu choices are petit filet with Béarnaise sauce; haddock with lobster sauce; or cranberry-cornbread-stuffed chicken breast. Entertainer Tom Stankus will provide music of the 50’s and 60’s. Before Wednesday, May 24 reservation deadline. 6:00 pm Audubon Annual Meeting @ Torrington Elks Lodge #372 Audubon Annual Meeting @ Torrington Elks Lodge #372 Jun 5 @ 6:00 pm The Litchfield Hills Audubon Society 62nd annual meeting and dinner. Meeting and dinner will be followed by a program, Marshes: The Disappearing Edens. Mail a check to LHAS-RGM, PO Box 861, Litchfield, CT 06759. The deadline is May 31. Jun 6 Tue 9:15 am Summer Italian Classes @ Sullivan Senior Center Summer Italian Classes @ Sullivan Senior Center Jun 6 @ 9:15 am – 11:30 am Summer Italian classes will begin Tuesday, June 6, at the Sullivan Senior Center, 88 E. Albert St. All class fees are $85 for senior citizens, $100 all others. Dona Frauenhofer will be the instructor. Intermediate Italian will meet Tuesdays from... 10:30 am Dixie Rising @ Arts Escape Dixie Rising @ Arts Escape Jun 6 @ 10:30 am The unique role of the South in the collective American history, from the Confederacy to the controversies over Harper Lee’s novels. Alfred Hunt, professor emeritus, SUNY Purchase. Also, June 13, 20. History Series. View Calendar Add Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML Featured Ads More Featured Ads Comments Popular Today Week Month All Food aid threatened Malloy, lawmakers need to exhibit some courage Bill Maher's use of racial slur on HBO show draws criticism Faulty priorities on tuition aid Farmers decry Trump plans to cut agriculture subsidies Today Week Month All Teseo Trocchi Robert H. Richardson Former major leaguer Jim Piersall, Waterbury native, dies at 87 Raymond E. Dowling Gov. Malloy's retreat Featured Ads Featured Coupons Sign up for Email Updates Email Updates Top Stories Town News Lifestyle News Daily News Update Entertainment News The Zone Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Republican-American 389 Meadow St., Waterbury CT 06722 203 574-3636 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 19 Memorial Day Sales To Save In-Store and Online Catie Keck• International Business Times May 28, 2017 Aside from the many barbecues, events and parades taking place over the course of Memorial Day weekend, shoppers are eagerly looking forward to Monday’s sales for opportunities to save big. According to a report from WalletHub, more than 41 percent of Americans are likely to take advantage of Memorial Day deals — and brands and retailers are rewarding shoppers both online and in stores with massive savings. As International Business Times reported in past years, shoppers can expect to save big in-store at department stores like Kohl's, Nordstrom, Macy’s, J. C. Penney and big box retailers like Walmart and Target. According to a ChargeItSpot study published Wednesday, 76 percent of shoppers at malls across the country who planned to shop on the holiday said they’d opt for brick-and-mortar locations over online shopping.  Read: Memorial Day NYC Events 2017: 6 Fun Things To Do In New York City But online retailers are offering up some excellent deals as well, so shoppers who’re looking to avoid the masses are just as likely to save more than a few bucks. Apparel brands like Ralph Lauren and Eddie Bauer are offering 30 and 40 percent savings, respectively, while tech retailers like Dell and Best Buy will reward customers looking to invest in new gadgets. As Forbes noted Friday, Aritzia, Steven Alan, Uniqlo and Net-A-Porter are all offering weekend discounts as well. Below IBT has rounded up savings from DealsPlus, Coupons.com and a select few others from across the web. But savvy shoppers who know exactly what they’re in the market for should also check their favorite brands and retailers for last-minute for otherwise unadvertised savings online. Below, see some of the best savings for both in-store and online shopping: Amazon : Up to 70 percent off across categories American Eagle : 30 percent off sitewide; extra 60 percent off clearance Art.com : Up to 50 percent off sitewide Bloomingdale’s : Up to 60 percent off; extra 20 percent off most sale items Calvin Klein : 40 percent off sitewide Bed Bath and Beyond : Savings on mattresses and more; 50 percent off fashion bedding; free shipping on orders over $29 Best Buy : Up to 40 percent off appliances; free delivery on major appliances over $399 Dell : $300 off PCs; up to 50 percent off electronics and accessories eBay : 20 percent off $50 or more with code P20MEMDAY through 5/29 Eddie Bauer : 40 percent off everything with code HONOR through 5/30 GAP : 40 percent off purchases and free 2-3 day shipping with code WKND H&M: Deals from $5; up to 60 percent off and free shipping Kate Spade : Extra 25 percent off sale styles with code REFRESH Macy's : In-store sales and 20 percent off online with code SUNNY; or $10 off $25 with code SUNNY25 through 5/29 Michael Kors : Extra 25 percent off Memorial Day Sale on handbags, wallets and more through 5/29 Nordstrom : Up to 40 percent off “on-trend” clothing, shoes, accessories and more during its “Half-Yearly Sale” Ralph Lauren: Extra 30 percent off Memorial Day Sale with code MEMDAY through 5/30 Tory Burch : Up to 50 percent off handbags, wallets, shoes and more Urban Outfitters : Up to 50 percent off during “Long Weekend” sale SaleMore Memorial Day sales will be big on Monday, May 29, 2017. Photo: Getty Related Articles 17 Summer-Themed Songs For Your Memorial Day Playlist Memorial Day NYC Events 2017 Popular in the Community Oklahoma man trying to drown his twin babies shot dead by neighbour 3,256 reactions12%67%21% Osteens Finally Clear Up The Controversial Rumors TheBlaze.comSponsored Deadly terror attack in London 174 reactions6%68%26% Erinn Hayes Exiting 'Kevin Can Wait' Amid Season 2 Creative Reset 1,663 reactions6%76%18% CNN hosts makes 'racist' comment to 12-year-old Spelling Bee Champion 3,964 reactions4%55%41% Get a softer clean while using less* CharminSponsored Anti-Trump ‘March for Truth’ protesters rally across the U.S. 1,766 reactions4%66%30% Putin denies having compromising information on Trump 48 reactions4%63%33% Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1 124 reactions3%79%18% Top 8 Credit Cards For Those With Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored Warriors roar to 2-0 NBA Finals lead in coach Steve Kerr's return 407 reactions4%79%17% Fans fight near tunnel as Cavaliers leave floor after NBA Finals loss to Warriors (Video) 24 reactions3%63%34%
Scroll to Top Menu HOME Science news politics business tech news weird sports entertainment TV lifestyle humour social media rss twitter youtube gplus facebook Contact Us ADVERTISE ARCHIVES Privacy Policy (World) The Hottest Stories on the Internet Today (Monday May 29) By David Koech   /   Monday, 29 May 2017 06:35AM   /     /   Tags: The Hottest Here are the stories making headlines today. Trump, feted and chided abroad, returns to uncertainty Swinging over the green Ionian sea Saturday, his first foreign trip behind him, President Donald Trump was in a valedictory mood. This is what Trump body language tells you As President Donald Trump’s first official trip abroad comes to an end, handshakes and facial expressions could give us a small glimpse into his personality. What we learned about Melania Trump from her first international trip As the overseas debut of President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump draws to a close — the couple is set to return to Washington this weekend — there was the usual bluster and bravado from the President. UK reduces terror threat level to ‘severe’ Britain’s terror threat level has been reduced to “severe” from “critical,” UK Prime Minister Theresa May said Saturday after meeting with security chiefs. Uber CEO’s mother dies in boating accident: ‘Unspeakable tragedy’ The company, in a statement on Saturday, called the incident an “unspeakable tragedy” and said that Kalanick’s father remains in a “serious condition.” Kalanick’s mother, Bonnie, was 71. “Our thoughts and prayers are with Travis and his family in this heartbreaking time,” the Uber statement reads. Tillerson declines to host Ramadan reception In an apparent break with a nearly two-decades long bipartisan tradition, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has declined to host an event commemorating the Muslim holy month of Ramadan, according to two administration officials familiar with the decision. Utah woman locked kids in trunk while she shopped, police say A woman is facing child abuse charges after she locked her two children in the trunk of her car while she shopped at a Walmart in Utah, police say. Prince Harry hosts Obama at Kensington Palace Prince Harry welcomed Barack Obama at Kensington Palace in London on Saturday during the former President’s latest stop in Europe. Passenger jumps off plane onto tarmac An airline passenger was arrested after he tried to bite a flight attendant, opened the plane’s door and jumped to the tarmac in Charlotte, NC, authorities said. Homer Simpson inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame. D’oh! Although it’s no longer “America’s favorite pastime,” baseball is still at the heart of the county’s popular culture and, along those lines, its Hall of Fame just hit a home run by adding Homer Simpson to its ranks. Burger King upsets actual king with Belgian ad The king of Belgium is apparently not amused by his appearance in a recent Burger King ad. The country’s royal family contacted the fast food chain this weekend over an online ad that asks people to choose between its mascot and a cartoon image of King Philippe, the BBC reports. British Airways suffers major IT outage, cancels and delays flights worldwide Technology isn’t going so well for British Airways. The airline suffered a major IT outage on Saturday and canceled all its flights leaving from London’s Heathrow and Gatwick airports before 6 p.m. local time. Outside of London, British Airways passengers faced extreme delays and were stuck on the tarmac for hours. Uber is only legal in London for 4 more months London isn’t totally sold on Uber. The city’s transportation authority, Transport for London, renewed Uber’s license Friday – but only for four months. Uber’s current 5-year license, which it won in 2012, expires May 30. Uber wants another five-year agreement – not a measly four-month extension. Justin Trudeau and Emmanuel Macron should just get matching jackets already The seemingly already robust friendship between Justin Trudeau and Emmanuel Macron is the toast of the internet after the two shared a nice moment in an Italian garden this week. But honestly? It’s time for these two to take their friendship to the next level. Matching jackets. Dad pranks his son at school in the most embarrassing way possible Some parents are embarrassing. Then there’s Justin Beadles. Justin’s 15-year-old son, Jack, had his last day of junior high recently, so to make it very memorable, Justin decided to pull a super embarrassing prank on his kid. French officials investigating if Apple devices played a role in 2016 EgyptAir crash French officials have opened an investigation into the possibility that a deadly Egypt Air crash in May 2016 could have been caused by a fire resulting from two Apple products overheating. ‘Game of Thrones’ Season 7 trailer hits viewing record The real-world stakes for Game of Thrones may not be as high as in this grisly fantasy, but a win is still a win. The Season 7 trailer, released Wednesday, became the highest viewed television trailer on the internet, setting a fine standard for the show’s buzziest season yet. President Trump left TripAdvisor reviews for the Middle East and just, wow President Trump wants to voice his opinions on the Middle East and no, not through some archaic Washington-insider liberal elitist speech. The man wants to communicate his worldview the best way he knows how – by yelling on the internet. Report: Trump Tells ‘Confidants’ U.S. Will leave Paris Climate Deal U.S. President Donald Trump has told “confidants,” including the head of the Environmental Protection Agency Scott Pruitt, that he plans to leave a landmark international agreement on climate change, Axios news outlet reported on Saturday, citing three sources with direct knowledge. Trump Declares Victory, Heads Home To Face More Russia Scandal SIGONELLA, Italy – President Donald Trump came overseas, he saw and he conquered – at least in his own mind, as he declared success Saturday to hundreds of U.S. service members before heading home from his first foreign trip. Trump Delays Final Decision On Paris Agreement Until Next Week The White House will decide next week on whether to remain in the Paris Agreement, the historic climate 2015 pact President Donald Trump vowed to withdraw from during his campaign last year. In an announcement harkening to a characteristically reality TV cliffhanger, the president teased his decision in a tweet on Saturday morning during a summit with the Group of 7 industrialized nations in Italy, where the U.S. Philippines President Duterte Says His Soldiers Can Rape During Martial Law Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte – congratulated last month by Donald Trump for his murderous war on drugs – told his soldiers that he will back them up if they rape women while enforcing martial law. It was apparently intended as humor, and drew stinging rebukes from human rights and women’s organizations. Newly Single Leonardo DiCaprio Surrounded By A Bevy Of Models In Cannes Looks like Leonardo DiCaprio is doing just fine after that breakup. The newly single actor, who split with his model girlfriend Nina Agdal earlier this month, was spotted in Cannes on Thursday at the amfAR Gala, surrounded by a bevy of beautiful women including Bella Hadid and Rita Ora. Kumail Nanjiani Tells Grads To ‘Have Sex With An Immigrant’ Things may feel a little tense for immigrants in America these days, but comedian Kumail Nanjiani has a plan to make things feel a little more relaxing for everyone. “Have sex with an immigrant,” Nanjiani told the graduates of Grinnell College during a commencement speech. Loading... President Uhuru Threatens To ‘Expose’ Chirau Mwakwere < Previous WATCH: Ringtone’s Music Video for New Single ‘Nomination’ Next > Recommended stories you may like: REVEALED: This Man was The Designated Survivor When Uhuru and Ruto Took SGR Train Ride Here’s a Simpler Way To Get To Syokimau SGR Terminus from Nairobi CBD PHOTOS – Donald Kipkorir’s Holiday Home in Nanyuki is Absolutely Breathtaking CRAZY! These are the Funny Pics Doing The Rounds on Social Media The Latest PHOTOS – Donald Kipkorir’s Holiday Home in Nanyuki is Absolutely Breathtaking CRAZY! These are the Funny Pics Doing The Rounds on Social Media All The Trending Images This Monday Hilarious Meme Compilation (Monday June 5) Funny Posts by Kenyans on Social Media to Take Away your Monday Blues Hilarious: Watch the Funniest Rap Battle Ever Seen on Kenyan Soil (VIDEO) How Umoinner Crew Saved City Couple from Carjacking Along Jogoo Road Kenyan Lesbian Facing Deportation After Failing ‘Gay Test’ in Sweden Juliani Speaks on Breakup Rumors with Brenda, Baby’s Progress and Youth Empowerment Project ‘Turning Tables’ Avril Talks About Broken Engagement, Starring in New Reality Show and Cyberbullying Ringtone: I Never Said Khaligraph Jones is Gay Willy Paul’s New Single ‘Digiri’ is his Response to Being Snubbed by Groove – Watch VIDEO Loading... Copyright 2016 © Nairobi Wire Media. All Rights Reserved.         Contact Us    About Us    Our Team
Reviews Appliances Electronics Gadgets Gaming Mobile Security Deals Gifts News Shop Reviews Audio Headphones Over the Ear Headphones Bluetooth Headphones Home Audio Home Theater Systems Home Theater Speakers Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Portable Speakers Wireless Speakers Appliances Kitchen Appliances Coffee Makers Microwaves Vacuum Cleaners Smart Home Automation Auto Tech Top Radar Detectors Computers Computer Accessories Desktop Computers Laptop Computers Laptops for College Wireless Routers Top Wireless Routers Electronics Digital Cameras Top DSLR Cameras Other Electronics Printers Televisions 4k TVs Video Cameras Gaming Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptops Gaming PCs Video Game Consoles Video Games Geek Toys Mobile Cell Phones Tablets iPads Security Home Security Home Security Systems Home Security Cameras Sports & Outdoors Camping Gear Vehicles Gadgets Gadgets for Men Kitchen Gadgets Top Chef Knives Coolest Gadgets Cool Furniture Fitness Gadgets Services Satellite TV DIRECTV vs DISH Gifts Star Wars Gifts Gifts for Gamers Gifts for Geeks Software News Search on Gadget Review Gadget Review ▸ Reviews ▸ Services ▸ Home and Lifestyle Services ▸ iTunes vs. VUDU (comparison) Home and Lifestyle Services iTunes vs. VUDU (comparison) Kristie Bertucci Updated August 3, 2015 Shares The war on movie services continues, but this time neither of the contenders offer monthly subscription services. Instead, both iTunes and VUDU are individual rental movie services, where you only pay for what you want to watch and in what quality you want to watch it in. You also have the option to purchase the movie, but you’re not going to be forking over one-flat fee for all sorts of content, making these two services quite costly if you love to watch movies all the time. But for those who are habitual users and only want to pay for what they want to see, read on to see how they stack up against each other. Background Wal-Mart Stores bought video-streaming service Vudu.com a while back and it’s a service that allows you to stream directly to your compatible device via the Internet. The account is free and you only pay for whatever movies you watch since it’s an on-demand service. Many who are familiar with iOS and Apple’s Macs already know that iTunes is the place to get all your music downloads, store your MP3s and movies, and get apps and more. It’s the one-stop shop for your iOS devices basically. User Friendly Signing up with both VUDU and iTunes is free. Like all other services, you go through a signup process, where you pick out a username and password that allows you to access your account. Both allow you to browse around before even signing up so that you can easily check out the selection. Once you create an account, you can browse around on any of the compatible devices listed for both below. Winner: Tie Compatible Devices Since iTunes is iOS based, it’s limited in devices you can use to watch movies. So you have any iOS-based device (iPhones, iPads, iPod Touches and, of course Mac computers (and PCs if you download iTunes for it). Oh, and there’s Apple TV, too, which requires you to either buy or rent the movies via iTunes. Once you’ve done this on the Apple TV interface, you can download the movie to your computer running iTunes, too. VUDU works on a lot more devices than iTunes. So in addition to your iOS-based devices mentioned above, it’s available on PC computers, gaming consoles like PS3 and Xbox 360 (only if you have a LIVE Gold membership), in addition to a lot of other Internet-connected Blu-ray players and HDTVS. That basically means almost any device with Internet access really. Just go on the site and under the “Devices” tab, you can easily check out all the models that it works on (way too many to list). Winner: VUDU is compatible with more devices Titles According to VUDU, they have more than 20,000 titles to choose from, with more and more being added all the time. A good thing about it is that a lot of the releases include newer titles that have just been released on DVD and Blu-ray (many even the same day of release). They have a lot of HD movie options, too. iTunes say they have more than 75,000 digital downloads, with about 3,000 of those available in HD (and that’s including both movies and TV shows). VUDU also has TV show options available, but iTunes has the most current episode to date while VUDU has older seasons. Winner: VUDU has a lot of titles, but iTunes takes the cake with their whopping 75,000 digital downloads. Membership Perks Since both services don’t require a monthly membership and are more of movie-a-la-carte services, both offer various advantages to their service. VUDU provides an instant $5 credit for new members and provides movies that are in HDX quality that will totally enhance your viewing experience as if you were in the theatre (but probably with a way smaller screen). The streaming movie service can stream in 1080p and has rich Dolby Digital Plus 7.1 surround sound if you have the right home entertainment theatre system to support such massive audio. And because it’s a streaming service, the content starts right away. Also, you can watch the first 10 minutes of some movies for free to see if you’re down with it or not so that you don’t have to waste your cash if doesn’t catch your attention within the first couple of minutes (newer titles usually go up to two minutes plus they have the trailers, too). VUDU also offers a cool Collections tab that has more sub-tabs, with one being “Showcases” that shows you sale, reduced price and other discounted content you can watch without having to pay full price. Then when you refer a friend, you get a $3.99 credit! So even though it’s a pay-per-watch service, you can really save some cash on certain titles. And you can buy the movies (in most cases) if you want to keep them. VUDU also just started offering its Disc to Digital program that works with Walmart where you convert your old discs (some titles are not included) into digital copies on your VUDU account, even allowing you to upgrade old discs into HDX copies for a small fee at various Walmart location. iTunes is more of a download service and doesn’t allow you to stream. Movies are purchased or rented, with many HD options available. If you like shows, you can easily buy the entire season, even the most current one with new episodes automatically added to your account after they air. You can watch rentals for a certain time period and when it expires, the downloaded content is gone. And with AirPlay you can play content on your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch on your HDTV via Apple TV. iTunes also offers lots of movie trailers so you can see what’s coming out in theaters soon. Sometimes it the main site for movies and shows on iTunes will provide discounted items. You can’t test out the movies like VUDU, but you can watch the movie’s trailer. You also have the option to pre-order movies that are coming out soon. Winner: VUDU offers WAY more advantages. Content Both are pretty even on this level. iTunes has a movie catalogue that features movies and stuff from the likes of many big studios, including 20th Century Fox, Warner Bros. Walt Disney Pictures, Paramount Pictures, Sony Pictures and Universal Studios. They also work with lots of TV channels to offer the latest episodes on many of your favorite shows. Then again, VUDU also has all the big movie deals given they release content as soon as it hits DVD. Winner: Tie since both offer a wide array of content, which is why they have so many titles each Speed of Service VUDU streams movies, so you can watch instantly, while you have to download it from iTunes, which can take a while depending on your Internet service, your phone service for mobile devices, etc. BUT< you don’t have to wait for the download to completely finish before watching the movie.You can also watch some of the movie on your Mac, then halfway through, transfer to your iPod or iPhone and pick up watching where you last left off. VUDU’s minimum speed requirements for its services is: 480p: 1 Mbps for SD; 720p: 2.25 Mbs for HD; and 1080p: 4.5 Mbps for HDX.  Winner: VUDU streams faster with less delays Quality It’s pretty even here, too, since both offer HD quality movies and TV shows in 720p and 1080p. VUDU has some 3D titles (but you need 3D devices to watch them in 3D obviously). But VUDU does offer that Dolby Digital Plus 7.1 surround sound providing a slight edge over iTunes. Winner: VUDU has 3D movies and that Dolby Digital Plus 7.1 Limitations So iTunes used to offer TV show rentals, but they got rid of that option in August 2011 and VUDU offers that still. With iTunes Apple TV, movies rented on the device aren’t allowed to be transferred to other devices so that’s not good. For those who don’t have Apple TV, they have to buy other special cables so they can watch from their computer or another device on your TV. VUDU doesn’t offer an Android-based app, so that sucks. For VUDU, people who want to download the moves to their iPhones or iPads can stream movies but can’t keep them on their device. Winner: VUDU has less limitations Price Both offer content-on-demand services with options to rent or buy so you pay for what you want to watch and/or buy. For iTunes, newer releases will run you about $3.99 for SD and $4.99 for HD options. Usually older movies are cheaper like about $2.99. If you to actually buy the content, you’ll going to pay anywhere between $10.99-$14.99 for SD versions, with HD ones going up to $19.99 and up. TV shows are usually more to buy since they include a lot of episodes. VUDU prices vary a bit and can cheaper than iTunes, especially with discounted ones on that special VUDU page. Some titles cost $2 to rent for two nights, others are about $5, with HDX options the most expensive ones. For newer SD movies, you’ll pay $3.99 and HD titles go for $4.99, but you even have the choice to go with HDX for $5.99. Owning them is about the same as iTunes. Winner: Tie since both offer around the same prices for the majority of content Overall Winner Despite both being a buy-want-you-want movie service, VUDU offers a bit more for your buck, making it the winner in our comparison. Since you’re only going to pay for what you want, you might as well get the most out of the experience and VUDU has multiple options in terms of quality, offers 3D movies and that Dolby Digital Plus 7.1 is pretty nice. The fact that you can test out movies before you buy is also a good thing and all those discounts on the site always make watching movies you wouldn’t usually want to rent at its regular price totally worth the try! Tweet It Like It Google + Linkedin Pin it Stumble Kristie Bertucci Kristie Bertucci is an L.A.-based writer, who can't live without her MacBook Pro. When she's not writing, she's either reading or shopping (online, of course) and loves lazy days so she can catch up on her DVR-recorded shows and movies. She's definitely a Mac girl, she loves music and is currently on a mission to to have an insane and enviable iTunes library. Sponsored Content Related Posts HBO Now Available Through Apple Devices, Starting April Nokia Unveils Unlimited Music Service That “Comes With It” What is Hulu and Hulu Plus? Netflix vs Crackle (comparison) 20 of the Best Movie and TV Shows Streaming on Netflix for February 2013 (list) Netflix Gives Subscribers A Halloween Treat By Adding Showtime’s Dexter 11 Comments to iTunes vs. VUDU (comparison) Mike E on One important (to me) fact was omitted…. I am returning from flying overseas . When you land in another country, Vudu kicks you out and you can not sign into your account. All your downloads “expire” until you return to the US. In Tahiti I downloaded and watched “John Wick II” from iTunes. Bottom line : Vudu won’t work on return flights once you have left and the US. iTunes will. Reply Fee on I have all Apple products and love them. I enjoy iTunes but I find myself going more toward VUDU when it comes to looking, buying, renting movies. I guess it is because it is very user friendly, there are good deals and freebies. I have both a BluRay player with VUDU on it as well as an AppleTV, MacBook, and Apple iPhone. So if you have both ways to utilize iTunes and VUDU you really can’t lose out on what they both offer. Neat to have “Blockbuster” in your home so to speak, ya know? => Reply Denz on VUDU all the way. Nice big boobs Kristie.. Reply Brady Gorman on I actually use both. With iTunes, the picture quality is slightly higher with an Apple TV and some even offer the same bonus features as their Blu-ray/DVD counterparts, but I can get better quality digital copies with Vudu (for a little extra). Also, one just may have a movie that the other doesn’t. Since they’re both free in terms of membership, I’d say you wouldn’t go wrong using both. Reply Michael tristan on Inherently flawed reasearch and especially flawed writing EXAMPLE: “Winner: VUDU has a lot of titles, but iTunes takes the cake with their whopping 75,000 digital downloads.” iTunes wins this but either poor writing or a clear bias makes Vudu appear to win this… This is so ridiculous, ill stop here.. A technologically advanced back end will never overcome a lack of content. Reply Graydon Patterson on one detail you left out, VUDO wont work in Canada, itunes will Reply David on I have used itunes to purchase movies and redeem digital copies for years and I prefer vudu by a long shot now. For starters if you buy a blu ray disk that includes a digital copy shouldn’t that digital copy also be in HD? Well most of the itunes digital copies are SD with no option to upgrade to HD. I alzo love the disk to digital service offered by uv/vudu. For renting movies I love it because most new titles are available the they are released on dvd and they are all available in HD. I wish i could transfer all of my itunes purchases to uv/vudu. Reply James on Kristie.. Great article! Are those real? Reply Long time movie watcher on Wow, I have both and while your article is extensive it is heavily biased. The title should be renamed to why you like VUDU. As an example of proof, you list VUDU as being compatible with more devices but don’t go into to many details then towards the end you mention it’s not compatible with Android. Seems kinda left out of your scoring. Also I didn’t notice any mention that VUDU really doesn’t work well on iOS devices. Checkout the reviews of their app for yourself. That being said I own more on iTunes I own more yet I’ve watched more rentals on VUDU. They are almost apples and oranges but I still prefer buying Blu-rays and renting from Blockbuster. Reply CJ on I have both and will be using VUDU for all of my future purchases since I am able to watch directly from my blu-ray player, TV and gaming console. When she says VUDU works on more devices she is talking about the VUDU app which is native on most blu-ray players, gaming consoles and TVs. Reply Jacko on Thanks Kristie. Trying to work thru the maze of offerings is tough. This was pretty darn good. You are soft on the eyes and thats only a plus. Appreciate your commentary and homework. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website ← Previous Post Next Post → Follow us 21,842 Fans 13,841 Subscribers 11,385 Followers Top Home and Lifestyle Service Reviews Netflix vs. Hulu Plus: The Rematch in 2014 (comparison) 6 More Obscure HBO Shows To Start Streaming From Prime (List) DISH Customers Can Nix Annoying Wires With The Wireless Joey Want HBO Without Cable? It's Possible! Google Play Reportedly Offers One-Time Free Nexus 5 Replacement Best Amazon Prime Review YouTube Creates New Home For Your Favorite Music Videos, Reveals Monthly Subscription Service (video) HBO Standalone Streaming Due in Time for Game of Thrones Premiere Netflix App Now Available with Dish Network Sling TV Review: An Internet TV Solution That Simply Works What is Hulu Plus? 8 Best Apps for Cutting the Cord Netflix vs. Amazon Prime vs. Hulu Plus Sling TV Adds AMC To Lineup, Launches Today Bond: Send Hand-Written Letters/Cards Without Hand Cramps HBO Go Hits the PS4, Well Ahead of Game of Thrones Premiere Dish and DirecTV Channel Guide HBO Now Available Through Apple Devices, Starting April 10 Reasons to Get Hulu Plus Dish Network Updates Dish Anywhere App with Personalization Features Amazon Prime Now 1-Hour Delivery Heads to Dallas Sling TV Gets HBO Ahead of Game of Thrones Premiere Spotify Offers Video, Podcasts, and More in Massive Update Showtime Standalone Service Arrives in July, Cheaper than HBO 8 Best Apps for Cutting the Cord AT&T Offers New DIRECTV Services with its Wireless Plans Amazon Prime Now Allows Movie And TV Downloads LG Offers Free Smart TV Upgrade, DirecTV Services for Sept. 21st DISH Network Review, A Hands On Experience DISH Network and DirecTV Channel Guide Comcast Testing Unlimited Data For $35 a Month Comcast's Stream TV Doesn't Affect Data Caps: Will the FCC Ban It? Gadget Review is home to some of the best consumer reviews online on top gadgets ranging from the best gadgets to the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and top ten product comparisons. Do you want to make an educated buying decision and shop online with confidence? Geek Out with the latest desktop computers, best gaming laptops, best headphones and the latest gadget news and top product reviews online. Gadget Review is also, home to some of the best top consumer reviews online with top ten consumer product comparisons to the latest gadget news, to top gadgets ranging from the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and expert product reviews, as well as the best product daily deals and giveaways. Copyright © 2016 Gadget Review Your lifestyle gadget site. All Rights Reserved. ----- About Privacy Terms News Categories Contact HTML XML
Breaking News U.S.+ Crime + JusticeEnergy + EnvironmentExtreme WeatherSpace + Science U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentTechStyleTravelSportsVideoVRLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica State Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z CNNVR How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram What should you do if you witness a racist or Islamophobic tirade? By Holly Yan, CNN Updated 4:33 AM ET, Mon May 29, 2017 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. JUST WATCHED Rise of racist rants caught on camera Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH (15 Videos) Rise of racist rants caught on camera Noose accusation rocks high school Concerns grow over racist incidents on campus Racist rant inside Walmart goes viral Teacher fired for racist comments Student, teacher argue over N-word Man yells at stranger for speaking Spanish Woman yells racial slurs at shoppers Michelle Obama called 'ape in heels' Kansas State student posts 'blackface' photo Azealia Banks' racist Twitter rant at Zayn Malik Old Navy attacked for interracial ad Secret Service investigating Trump's longtime butler Racist photo in decor at a popular chain restaurant Hulk Hogan heard saying the n-word on tape Story highlights Three men were stabbed, two fatally, when trying to intervene on a Portland train A security expert gives tips to consider before deciding whether to intervene (CNN)It's an instinct that comes naturally to good Samaritans: When you see one stranger attacking another with racist or religious epithets, you try to protect the victim. But when two men did exactly that on a Portland train, they were stabbed to death. So what is a bystander to do? Should you confront the attacker and try to de-escalate the situation? Or should you avoid getting involved? "This is a profound dilemma for the general public," said Andrew J. Scott, a retired police chief and president of AJS Consulting. There is no easy answer for every situation. But here are how a few recent cases have turned out, and what Scott recommends you consider if you do decide to intervene: Read More The triple stabbing in Portland Rick Best, Taliesin Myrddin Namkai Meche and Micah Fletcher saw two girls being berated on a Portland light rail train. They didn't sit still. These 3 men stood up to hate in Portland A man was confronting the two teens -- including one who was wearing a hijab -- and started spouting "hate speech toward a variety of ethnicities and religions," Portland Police Sgt. Pete Simpson said. "He told us to go back to Saudi Arabia and he told us we shouldn't be here, to get out of his country," Destinee Mangum, 16, told CNN affiliate KPTV of the experience. When the trio of men tried to calm the suspect, all three were stabbed. Best and Meche died; Fletcher was stabbed 1 millimeter away from his jugular. Scott said it's likely difficult, if not impossible, for those good Samaritans to have predicted the the assailant would try to kill them. "In this society, we're raised to not allow bullies to engage in racist behavior and to intervene verbally," Scott said. "Bullies tend to back down when verbally challenged." But with the Portland incident, "Clearly this is not the case," Scott said. "(The assailant) is a sociopath or a psychopath, and it's not the norm." The more peaceful endings There are many more cases that don't end in violence. What to make of these viral racist tirades? On May 22, a woman at an Arkansas Walmart told another customer to "go back to Mexico." When a black customer told the woman to stop being ignorant, the woman started calling her the N-word. Walmart later asked the woman to stop shopping at its stores. What to make of these viral racist tirades? Sometimes, the interventions lead to praise and reward. In March, Tracey Tong confronted a woman on a New York subway who was berating another passenger she believed was Muslim. "Why are you here? Why are you in this country?" the woman asked. "You're not with us." Tong fired back at the instigator. "Don't start attacking an innocent woman," she said. "... I'm not telling you to be quiet. I'm asking you to please respect her." The video was shared on Facebook more than 20,000 times, and Tong was invited on "The Ellen Degeneres" show, where she received a $10,000 reward. So what should you do? Scott, who worked in law enforcement for three decades, said ultimately the decision on whether to intervene is a highly personal one. How to stand up against hate But if you do want to act, Scott suggests considering the following: -- Is the perpetrator much larger than you? -- Does he or she appear to be intoxicated or mentally unstable? -- If things get ugly, is there an easy escape route? Or are you stuck in a confined area? If you still decide to intervene, "Understand it's a fluid situation that can go from bad to worse," Scott said. "That's another dilemma that the public faces to help their fellow man or person ... these are the types of things that are occurring in a split second, and people have to make split-second decisions." CNN's Darran Simon and Melissa Gray contributed to this report. Content by LendingTree Mortgage rates just plummeted. Lock in now! Veterans hit the jackpot in 2017 Crush your debt by refinancing to a 15 year fixed loan Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Rates now at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) Do you qualify? Paid Partner Content Consumers rush to jaw-dropping savings rates Bankrate $55 & up: Greater Fort Lauderdale summer stays, save 30% Travelzoo Mark Cuban predicts world's first trillionaire The Motley Fool Hidden hotspots in NYC that only locals know Time Lifestyle Buffett reveals big bet on Apple as rumors swirl The Motley Fool Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica State Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z CNNVR How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
Man Arrested for Allegedly Stealing Hundreds of Dollars Worth of - Beckley, Bluefield & Lewisburg News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY CBS59 Opioids, Overdoses and Options News Local News Crime & Punishment International Missing Persons National Virginia Headlines Strange and Unusual News West Virginia Headlines Weather Download the StormTracker59 App 7-Day Forecast Radar - StormTracker 59 Local Temps National Temps Regional Sat/Rad Regional Temperatures School Closings Weather Watches & Warnings Sports High School Basketball Scores Inside Track WV Illustrated Video Community The Wedding Zone 2017 Community Calendar Fill Your Plate in the Mountain State Hooked on Science What's On WVNS CBS/FOX TV Schedule Contests WVNS-TV and Dunkin' Donuts Breakfast Club Give-away Salute My Dad Contest 2017 Youth Tennis Clinic Giveaway 2017 About Us Contact Us Meet the Team EEO Files FCC Public Inspection File Tactive Digital Work With Us FOX59 Man Arrested for Allegedly Stealing Hundreds of Dollars Worth of Meat Posted: Sunday, May 28, 2017 7:38 PM EDT Updated: Sunday, May 28, 2017 7:38 PM EDT By Shannon Clowe, Reporter/Weekend Anchor Email Connect sclowe@wvnstv.com SOUTH CHARLESTON, W.Va. - According to our sister station, WOWK, 36 year-old, Charles Riffle of Hurricane was arrested for allegedly stealing hundreds of dollars of meat from the Southridge Walmart. South Charleston Police said Riffle left the store with a shopping cart containing $416.24 worth of stolen meat. When approached by law enforcement, Riffle fled, but was quickly apprehended. Riffle resisted arrest and police found almost a gram of methamphetamine and six Xanax pills on him. Riffle is charged with three counts of obstructing an officer, fleeing, two counts of shoplifting, possession of a schedule I, and schedule IV controlled substance. Riffle also gave a false name during booking to try to conceal the fact that he had two active warrants. WeatherMore>> GO / View Larger >> 7 Day Forecast School Closings Predictor WVNS-TV P.O. Box 509 Ghent, WV 25843 Main (304) 787-5959 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 WorldNow and WVNS Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 8-14: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 8, be alert to flagging and heavy equipment along Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge and grading work.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 8, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) ***Interstate 77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel: Due to tunnel maintenance at I-77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel, anticipate southbound right lane closures from 7 p.m. until 6 a.m. nightly Sunday through Thursday nights.   Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017)   Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: May 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on I-77 this week due to the following maintenance activities: Slope repairs and bridge deck sweeping at various locations in Wythe and Bland counties Mowing between the Wythe County line and the I-77/I-81 overlap in Wythe County.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures due to the following maintenance activities on I-81: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Routes 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon the week of May 8, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Rd) bridge: Due to replacement to the superstructure of the Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Road) bridge over Copper Creek in Russell County, the bridge will be closed to through traffic through early May. Motorists should plan alternate routes while replacement is underway. (Completion: early May 2017) Scott County Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early May 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   ***Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County ***Fiber Optic Install: A project by Nichols Construction to install fiber optic lines via an aerial installation will cause delays on Route 460 in Bluefield Sunday, May 7 between 7 a.m. and 11 a.m. Motorists should be alert to Virginia State Police performing rolling road blocks during the aerial install of the fiber optic lines.   Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)   Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)   Wise County Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: early May 2017)   Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installation in the Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017)   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)     Completed Water line projects: Water line installation work on various routes that connect to Route 63 in Dickenson County have been completed.   Business Route 23 bridge in Pound: Replacement of the Business Route 23 bridge in Pound has been completed.   Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge: Repairs to the Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge in Grayson County have been completed.   Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: The installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 58 and 677 (Watauga Road) and the intersection of Routes 11 and 58 in Abingdon have been completed. Pay close attention at these intersections as motorists become familiar with the new flashing yellow arrow signals.    Azure Lane improvements: Improvements to a one-mile section of Route 676 (Azure Lane) in Washington County have been completed; however, be alert to clean-up work along the roadway the week of May 8.   Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) – bridge replacement: Replacement of the Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) bridge in Lee County has been completed.       (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious May 29 – June 4: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Next PostNext May 1 – 7: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 15 – 21: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 15, be alert to flagging and heavy equipment along Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge and grading work.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 115, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) ***Interstate 77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel: Due to tunnel maintenance at I-77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel, anticipate southbound left lane closures from 7 p.m. until 6 a.m. nightly Sunday through Thursday nights.   Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017)   Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: May 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on I-77 this week due to the following maintenance activities: Slope repairs and bridge deck sweeping at various locations in Wythe and Bland counties Mowing between the Wythe County line and the I-77/I-81 overlap in Wythe County.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures due to the following maintenance activities on I-81: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Route 665 (Power Plant Road): Due to replacement of multiple drainage pipes along Route 665 (Power Plant Road) in Russell County, a portion of the route will be closed Monday, May 15 from 7 a.m. until 6 p.m. between Route 614 (Carterton Road) and Route 628 (Heralds Valley Road).   ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Install: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Route 19 and Wal-mart, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Scott County Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early May 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)   Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)     Wise County ***Route 654 – slide repairs: A section of Route 654 (Banner Mountain Road) in Wise County will be closed through May 19 due to slide repairs. Motorists should pay close attention to signs and message boards about the repairs. (Completion: May 19, 2017)   Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: early May 2017)   Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installation in the Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017)   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)   Completed Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: The installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Route 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon has been completed.  The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Rd) bridge: Replacement to the superstructure of the Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Road) bridge over Copper Creek in Russell County has been completed.   Fiber Optic Install: A project by Nichols Construction to install fiber optic lines via an aerial installation across Route 460 in Bluefield has been completed.    (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious May 29 – June 4: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Next PostNext May 1 – 7: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 1 – 7: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 1, be alert to flagging and heavy equipment along Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge and grading work.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 1, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018)   ***Interstate 77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel: Due to maintenance work at I-77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel, anticipate nightly left lane closures Sunday through Thursday nights the week of May 1.   Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017)   ***Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: May 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on I-77 this week due to bridge and shoulder sweeping in Wythe and Bland counties.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures due to the following maintenance activities on I-81: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017) Dickenson County Water line projects: Due to water line installation work, motorists may experience delays on the following routes that connect to Route 63 (Big Ridge Road): Route 753 (Centennial Heights Road), Route 818 (Patsy Lane), Route 756 (Travis Stanley Road), Route 795 (Ira Owens Lane) and Route 607 (Tarpon Lane). (Completion: Spring 2017)     Grayson County ***Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge: The Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge will be closed to traffic for repairs on Tuesday (April 25) from 9 a.m. until 2 p.m. The bridge is located .30 mile from Route 732 and 3.7 miles from Route 601. (Completion: April 25)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Lee County ***Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) – bridge replacement: The Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) bridge will be closed Wednesday (May 3) from 8 a.m. until 5 p.m. to replace the bridge. While the bridge is being replaced, motorists will use the following routes to detour: Routes 680, 682, 676 and 671.   Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Routes 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon in the next two weeks, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Rd) bridge: Due to replacement to the superstructure of the Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Road) bridge over Copper Creek in Russell County, the bridge will be closed to through traffic through early May. Motorists should plan alternate routes while replacement is underway. (Completion: early May 2017) Scott County Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early May 2017)   ***Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County ***Fiber Optic Install: A project by Nichols Construction to install fiber optic lines via an aerial installation will cause delays on Route 460 in Bluefield Sunday, May 7 between 7 a.m. and 11 a.m. Motorists should be alert to Virginia State Police performing rolling road blocks during the aerial install of the fiber optic lines.   Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) ***Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)   Washington County ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 58 and 677 (Watauga Road) and the intersection of Routes 11 and 58 in Abingdon this week, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Azure Lane improvements: Be alert to heavy equipment and workers along Route 676 (Azure Lane) in Washington County due to efforts to improve a one-mile section on the western end of the route. (Completion: May 2017)     Wise County Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: early May 2017)   Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installation in the Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017)   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)   Business Route 23 bridge in Pound: Traffic signals are controlling one 11-foot-wide lane across the Business Route 23 bridge in Pound due to replacement of the bridge. Signals are also controlling traffic off Route 633 (Bold Camp Road).  Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to the possibility of delays. (Completion: spring 2018)   Completed Route 672 – bridge replacement: A section of Route 672 (Martin’s Creek Road) in Lee County has reopened following replacement of the bridge over Martin Creek.   Route 687 bridge: Replacement of the superstructure for the Route 687 bridge in Scott County has been completed.        (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Process to repair multiple slides on Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) in Buchanan County begins today – To ensure safety during repairs, road will be closed approximately 4 – 6 weeks Next PostNext April 24-30: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Crime Property Culture Royalty Crime Utah mother arrested for 'locking up children in trunk of car while she shopped' The children have been handed over to a 'responsible party' by Child and Family Services. By Nicole Rojas May 29, 2017 00:39 BST A Utah mother left her two children locked in the trunk of her car outside a Wal-MartReuters A woman from Utah, identified as 39-year-old Tori Lee Castillo, has been arrested for allegedly locking her two children in the back of a vehicle while she shopped at Wal-Mart. The children began making noises and moving, causing the vehicle to shake and alerting people. "Several good Samaritans observed this and came to the aid of the children," Riverdale police Lt Casey Warren told Deseret News. Witnesses helped the children, aged two and five, escape from the trunk before their mother returned, police said, after getting the older child to pull the emergency latch. One woman called Heidi who helped the children told Fox13 Salt Lake City that she and her friend were unloading groceries when she heard noises coming from the trunk. "I could hear some kids crying," she said. "I turned to my friend and I'm like 'There's people in this trunk. There's kids in this trunk!" She and three other women began helping the older girl who was screaming in the trunk. "She was [yelling], 'Mom, let me out! Let me out! Mom! Help!' She was screaming, crying," Heidi said. The women then guided the girl to open the trunk with the emergency latch. "Both kids just came out...they just jumped out at us," Heidi said. "It was kind of heartbreaking to see that somebody could do something so cruel," she said. Castillo was arrested by authorities when she returned to her car. According to CBS News, she faces four counts of child abuse with physical injury and one charge of theft. More from IBTimes UK Several injured in Brit tourist hotspot after 'car drove into pedestrians' United Airlines faces lawsuit after falsely accusing gay father of fondling his son Police make 14th arrest over Manchester bombing as probe goes 'full tilt' Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Amateur videos show panic and confusion during London Bridge attack Columnists Iqbal Wahhab “As a Muslim restaurant owner in Borough Market, this attack sickens me READ MORE London Bridge attack – What we know so far Eyewitnesses said they heard the assailants shouting "This is for Allah" while stabbing people with knives. Hero members of the general public who tried to stop terrorists Attackers killed at least seven people and injured nearly 50. Sadiq Khan rejects calls to postpone election Major parties have suspended national campaigning for the day following atrocity. London Bridge attacker had 'twice been reported to police' for extremist views A friend and neighbour both said they had alerted authorities before Saturday's attack. Jeremy Corbyn criticises Tory police cuts but faces fire for 'indecision' on shoot-to-kill The Labour leader said Theresa May wanted to protect the public 'on the cheap'. Fox News host disavows internment after Nigel Farage suggests rounding up Muslims Fellow guest Katie Hopkins also showed her support for internment camps in the wake of the London attack. Housekeeper charged with arson for 'setting fire to Florida condo to hide $160 theft' Jannette Pacheco reportedly confessed as soon as she was confronted. Isis 'claims responsibility' for London attack as first victim is named Canadian woman Christine Archibald was one of the seven people killed. Man in Florida accused of shooting McDonald's manager in the neck over his order 'It is concerning the fact that someone could get that upset over an order.' Colorado woman arrested after three-year-old toddler shoots two-year-old The child was taken to hospital for treatment, where he was listed as stable but in serious condition. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
What should you do if you witness a racist or Islamophobic tirad - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases What should you do if you witness a racist or Islamophobic tirade? Posted: Sunday, May 28, 2017 7:10 PM EDT Updated: Monday, May 29, 2017 4:40 AM EDT By Holly Yan CNN (CNN) -- It's an instinct that comes naturally to good Samaritans: When you see one stranger attacking another with racist or religious epithets, you try to protect the victim. But when two men did exactly that on a Portland train, they were stabbed to death. So what is a bystander to do? Should you confront the attacker and try to de-escalate the situation? Or should you avoid getting involved? "This is a profound dilemma for the general public," said Andrew J. Scott, a retired police chief and president of AJS Consulting. There is no easy answer for every situation. But here are how a few recent cases have turned out, and what Scott recommends you consider if you do decide to intervene: The triple stabbing in Portland Rick Best, Taliesin Myrddin Namkai Meche and Micah Fletcher saw two women being berated on a Portland light rail train. They didn't sit still. A man was confronting the two women -- including one who was wearing a hijab -- and started spouting "hate speech toward a variety of ethnicities and religions," Portland Police Sgt. Pete Simpson said. But when the trio of men tried to calm the suspect, all three were stabbed. Best and Meche died; Fletcher was stabbed 1 millimeter away from his jugular. Scott said it's likely difficult, if not impossible, for those good Samaritans to have predicted the the assailant would try to kill them. "In this society, we're raised to not allow bullies to engage in racist behavior and to intervene verbally," Scott said. "Bullies tend to back down when verbally challenged." But with the Portland incident, "Clearly this is not the case," Scott said. "(The assailant) is a sociopath or a psychopath, and it's not the norm." The more peaceful endings There are many more cases that don't end in violence. On May 22, a woman at an Arkansas Walmart told another customer to "go back to Mexico." When a black customer told the woman to stop being ignorant, the woman started calling her the N-word. Walmart later asked the woman to stop shopping at its stores. Sometimes, the interventions lead to praise and reward. In March, Tracey Tong confronted a woman on a New York subway who was berating another passenger she believed was Muslim. "Why are you here? Why are you in this country?" the woman asked. "You're not with us." Tong fired back at the instigator. "Don't start attacking an innocent woman," she said. "... I'm not telling you to be quiet. I'm asking you to please respect her." The video was shared on Facebook more than 20,000 times, and Tong was invited on "The Ellen Degeneres" show, where she received a $10,000 reward. So what should you do? Scott, who worked in law enforcement for three decades, said ultimately the decision on whether to intervene is a highly personal one. But if you do want to act, Scott suggests considering the following: -- Is the perpetrator much larger than you? -- Does he or she appear to be intoxicated or mentally unstable? -- If things get ugly, is there an easy escape route? Or are you stuck in a confined area? If you still decide to intervene, "Understand it's a fluid situation that can go from bad to worse," Scott said. "That's another dilemma that the public faces to help their fellow man or person ... these are the types of things that are occurring in a split second, and people have to make split-second decisions." CNN's Darran Simon and Melissa Gray contributed to this report. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Breaking News U.S.+ Crime + JusticeEnergy + EnvironmentExtreme WeatherSpace + Science U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentTechStyleTravelSportsVideoVRLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica State Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z CNNVR How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram What should you do if you witness a racist or Islamophobic tirade? By Holly Yan, CNN Updated 4:33 AM ET, Mon May 29, 2017 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. JUST WATCHED Rise of racist rants caught on camera Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH (15 Videos) Rise of racist rants caught on camera Noose accusation rocks high school Concerns grow over racist incidents on campus Racist rant inside Walmart goes viral Teacher fired for racist comments Student, teacher argue over N-word Man yells at stranger for speaking Spanish Woman yells racial slurs at shoppers Michelle Obama called 'ape in heels' Kansas State student posts 'blackface' photo Azealia Banks' racist Twitter rant at Zayn Malik Old Navy attacked for interracial ad Secret Service investigating Trump's longtime butler Racist photo in decor at a popular chain restaurant Hulk Hogan heard saying the n-word on tape Story highlights Three men were stabbed, two fatally, when trying to intervene on a Portland train A security expert gives tips to consider before deciding whether to intervene (CNN)It's an instinct that comes naturally to good Samaritans: When you see one stranger attacking another with racist or religious epithets, you try to protect the victim. But when two men did exactly that on a Portland train, they were stabbed to death. So what is a bystander to do? Should you confront the attacker and try to de-escalate the situation? Or should you avoid getting involved? "This is a profound dilemma for the general public," said Andrew J. Scott, a retired police chief and president of AJS Consulting. There is no easy answer for every situation. But here are how a few recent cases have turned out, and what Scott recommends you consider if you do decide to intervene: Read More The triple stabbing in Portland Rick Best, Taliesin Myrddin Namkai Meche and Micah Fletcher saw two girls being berated on a Portland light rail train. They didn't sit still. These 3 men stood up to hate in Portland A man was confronting the two teens -- including one who was wearing a hijab -- and started spouting "hate speech toward a variety of ethnicities and religions," Portland Police Sgt. Pete Simpson said. "He told us to go back to Saudi Arabia and he told us we shouldn't be here, to get out of his country," Destinee Mangum, 16, told CNN affiliate KPTV of the experience. When the trio of men tried to calm the suspect, all three were stabbed. Best and Meche died; Fletcher was stabbed 1 millimeter away from his jugular. Scott said it's likely difficult, if not impossible, for those good Samaritans to have predicted the the assailant would try to kill them. "In this society, we're raised to not allow bullies to engage in racist behavior and to intervene verbally," Scott said. "Bullies tend to back down when verbally challenged." But with the Portland incident, "Clearly this is not the case," Scott said. "(The assailant) is a sociopath or a psychopath, and it's not the norm." The more peaceful endings There are many more cases that don't end in violence. What to make of these viral racist tirades? On May 22, a woman at an Arkansas Walmart told another customer to "go back to Mexico." When a black customer told the woman to stop being ignorant, the woman started calling her the N-word. Walmart later asked the woman to stop shopping at its stores. What to make of these viral racist tirades? Sometimes, the interventions lead to praise and reward. In March, Tracey Tong confronted a woman on a New York subway who was berating another passenger she believed was Muslim. "Why are you here? Why are you in this country?" the woman asked. "You're not with us." Tong fired back at the instigator. "Don't start attacking an innocent woman," she said. "... I'm not telling you to be quiet. I'm asking you to please respect her." The video was shared on Facebook more than 20,000 times, and Tong was invited on "The Ellen Degeneres" show, where she received a $10,000 reward. So what should you do? Scott, who worked in law enforcement for three decades, said ultimately the decision on whether to intervene is a highly personal one. How to stand up against hate But if you do want to act, Scott suggests considering the following: -- Is the perpetrator much larger than you? -- Does he or she appear to be intoxicated or mentally unstable? -- If things get ugly, is there an easy escape route? Or are you stuck in a confined area? If you still decide to intervene, "Understand it's a fluid situation that can go from bad to worse," Scott said. "That's another dilemma that the public faces to help their fellow man or person ... these are the types of things that are occurring in a split second, and people have to make split-second decisions." CNN's Darran Simon and Melissa Gray contributed to this report. Content by LendingTree Mortgage rates just plummeted. Lock in now! Veterans hit the jackpot in 2017 Crush your debt by refinancing to a 15 year fixed loan Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Rates now at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) Do you qualify? Paid Partner Content Consumers rush to jaw-dropping savings rates Bankrate $55 & up: Greater Fort Lauderdale summer stays, save 30% Travelzoo Mark Cuban predicts world's first trillionaire The Motley Fool Hidden hotspots in NYC that only locals know Time Lifestyle Buffett reveals big bet on Apple as rumors swirl The Motley Fool Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica State Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z CNNVR How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: How Restaurants and Technology Are Coming Together Tech is changing the nature of service at restaurants across the country. Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) May 28, 2017 at 6:25PM Technology has become a major competitive advantage for some of the companies winning in the restaurant industry. In this segment from Industry Focus: Consumer Goods, the team discusses where the employment of things like mobile ordering and automated kiosks makes the most sense. Chipotle (NYSE:CMG) and Starbucks (NASDAQ:SBUX) aim to serve more customers, while a chain like McDonald's (NYSE:MCD) gives us a glimpse of the future. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on May 16, 2017. Vincent Shen: Moving on to our main topic, we have restaurants. Specifically within this space, the role of technology. For any Fools who have been following this sector, you've seen in headlines recently that restaurants have struggled with some low traffic, declining same-store sales from a period of overexpansion, but I was thinking about this in relation to these other industries that I've talked about today, with you and earlier in the studio with Adam, the fact that department stores, on the one hand, and cable companies, they face some existential threats. You have e-commerce on one hand, you have various streaming internet alternatives on the other for cable companies. I think the restaurant industry is interesting because fast-casual might take share from quick service, the broad industry might see weakness due to excessive expansion, like in this case. But in the end, people have to eat, they love eating out. And as a result, I think execution becomes a really clear differentiator between different chains, and there's not as much of an industry boogeyman that you can pin your problems to. But on the flip side, you have the success stories, and some of the big trends I get excited for the restaurant industry include loyalty programs, restaurants trying to source ingredients locally, and also, there's technology. That's where we will focus. I think previously, we spoke about how robots, for example, eliminate the need for human employees all together. But a lot of the technology initiatives that we'll talk about today seem to be previews of how that might work. Dan Kline: I think if you look at some of the technology we're talking about, what you're really focusing on is, restaurant sales overall are down a little bit, 1% or 2%. It's not anywhere near the retail drop. So you're looking here and saying, I'm Chipotle, or McDonald's, or whatever the chain is -- how do I maximize my business? What's worked, and it's worked for Starbucks and Panera, and we've talked about this before, is mobile ordering. I think mobile ordering at Chipotle makes a ton of sense and will be a game changer. When I say game changer, I mean a 2% to 3% net sales gain. It's not suddenly going to explode their business. But if you walk into a Chipotle -- and we've both done this -- and there's 10 people in line ahead of you, you might leave, because it's slow. So what a lot of Chipotles have done is set up a second production line in the store, and if you order from the app, your food will be ready when you get there. And they're having all the same execution problems Starbucks had. The people at the front don't know where the order is, have you paid, how do you handle it, do you pick it up. But all that will get sorted out, that's just growing pains and retail training, which is not an easy thing to do. So I think at your higher-end places like Chipotle that have lines, that's actually going to allow them to serve more customers during peak hours.  At a place like McDonald's, I think ultimately, there's a gain in taking workers out of the equation. But in the short-term, maybe there's some drive-thru benefit to being able to order and pick up, not going through the line. But in a McDonald's, I don't see as big a benefit when most things are not made to order, and it's sort of a production line, of even if you want a pretty special order, it's coming out quickly. So there's not really a major need to cut that. So McDonald's will gain eventually from technology, but in the short-term, I think you're going to see some of your higher-volume fast casual places like Chipotle, as you've seen with Panera, really benefit from this technology. Shen: Yeah. And we're definitely still, I think, in the early stages of the launch and the testing phases for a lot of the companies that are dipping toes into this. There are companies like Domino's, which are turning this into an art for themselves, and really juicing their quarterly results, seeing tons of growth with the technology and how they implemented it really well. With Chipotle, you mentioned the second make line, I think they call it, they're calling it "smarter pickup times". They've been able to quantify some of the benefits in that this better management of their digital orders, they give them more accurate estimates of when orders will be ready. In some of their testing, they mentioned that digital order wait times decreased as much as 50%. Restaurant staff have better tools to essentially manage this channel, like you mentioned, during peak business times. If they have a bottleneck, in terms of those peak hours and how many people they can serve, this can alleviate some of that, then that does flow through to their top and bottom line. Kline: And there's a major customer service benefit. If you call Domino's -- back in the old days when you called Domino's. I'm sure your generation now is Snapchatting Domino's and then paying via Venmo. Shen: Exactly. Kline: But back when you used to call Domino's, if they told you your pizza was going to be an hour, you went, "OK, my pizza will be an hour." If in an hour, your pizza showed up, you were satisfied. So I was talking with you earlier. I use the Pei Wei app. The Pei Wei app is pretty innovative in that you can completely customize any order. If you want sweet and sour chicken with no sweet and sour sauce, hold the chicken, you can do that. And you can put in what time you want to pick it up. I was picking up, it was maybe 5:20, so I put in 5:40, that was the distance from my house. And the app came back and said, "Your time has been adjusted to 5:50." And I went, OK, no problem, I'll leave 10 minutes later versus if I had been at the store, waited in line, placed my order, I would have been there for 30 minutes. So it was an absolute benefit of my time, better customer service, and it will make me much more likely to go back. And I think that's where you're starting to see some of the value in these. Pei Wei is a higher end fast casual concept that can take quite a while in a line. Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. Vincent Shen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Chipotle Mexican Grill and Starbucks. The Motley Fool owns shares of Panera Bread. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info May 28, 2017 at 6:25PM Consumer Goods Stocks McDonald's NYSE:MCD $153.74 up $1.35 (0.89%) Chipotle Mexican Grill NYSE:CMG $478.07 down $-5.53 (-1.14%) Starbucks NASDAQ:SBUX $64.57 up $0.82 (1.29%) Read More How Zynga Inc. Gained 21.8% in May 3 Value Stocks for Smart Investors 3 Dividend Stocks for Daring Investors Why Etsy Inc Stock Jumped 25% Last Month 3 Dividend Stocks for Bold Investors Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current How Restaurants and Technology Are Coming Together @themotleyfool #stocks $MCD, $CMG, $SBUX
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 04, 11:56 PM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe National Memorial Day Sales 2017: 19 Monday Bargains To Save In-Store and Online By Catie Keck @catiekeck On 05/28/17 AT 5:34 PM Close Aside from the many barbecues, events and parades taking place over the course of Memorial Day weekend, shoppers are eagerly looking forward to Monday’s sales for opportunities to save big. According to a report from WalletHub, more than 41 percent of Americans are likely to take advantage of Memorial Day deals — and brands and retailers are rewarding shoppers both online and in stores with massive savings. As International Business Times reported in past years, shoppers can expect to save big in-store at department stores like Kohl's, Nordstrom, Macy’s, J. C. Penney and big box retailers like Walmart and Target. According to a ChargeItSpot study published Wednesday, 76 percent of shoppers at malls across the country who planned to shop on the holiday said they’d opt for brick-and-mortar locations over online shopping.  Read: Memorial Day NYC Events 2017: 6 Fun Things To Do In New York City But online retailers are offering up some excellent deals as well, so shoppers who’re looking to avoid the masses are just as likely to save more than a few bucks. Apparel brands like Ralph Lauren and Eddie Bauer are offering 30 and 40 percent savings, respectively, while tech retailers like Dell and Best Buy will reward customers looking to invest in new gadgets. As Forbes noted Friday, Aritzia, Steven Alan, Uniqlo and Net-A-Porter are all offering weekend discounts as well. Below IBT has rounded up savings from DealsPlus, Coupons.com and a select few others from across the web. But savvy shoppers who know exactly what they’re in the market for should also check their favorite brands and retailers for last-minute for otherwise unadvertised savings online. Below, see some of the best savings for both in-store and online shopping: Amazon : Up to 70 percent off across categories American Eagle : 30 percent off sitewide; extra 60 percent off clearance Art.com : Up to 50 percent off sitewide Bloomingdale’s : Up to 60 percent off; extra 20 percent off most sale items Calvin Klein : 40 percent off sitewide Bed Bath and Beyond : Savings on mattresses and more; 50 percent off fashion bedding; free shipping on orders over $29 Best Buy : Up to 40 percent off appliances; free delivery on major appliances over $399 Dell : $300 off PCs; up to 50 percent off electronics and accessories eBay : 20 percent off $50 or more with code P20MEMDAY through 5/29 Eddie Bauer : 40 percent off everything with code HONOR through 5/30 GAP : 40 percent off purchases and free 2-3 day shipping with code WKND H&M: Deals from $5; up to 60 percent off and free shipping Kate Spade : Extra 25 percent off sale styles with code REFRESH Macy's : In-store sales and 20 percent off online with code SUNNY; or $10 off $25 with code SUNNY25 through 5/29 Michael Kors : Extra 25 percent off Memorial Day Sale on handbags, wallets and more through 5/29 Nordstrom : Up to 40 percent off “on-trend” clothing, shoes, accessories and more during its “Half-Yearly Sale” Ralph Lauren: Extra 30 percent off Memorial Day Sale with code MEMDAY through 5/30 Tory Burch : Up to 50 percent off handbags, wallets, shoes and more Urban Outfitters : Up to 50 percent off during “Long Weekend” sale Memorial Day sales will be big on Monday, May 29, 2017. Photo: Getty Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories 17 Summer-Themed Songs For Your Memorial Day Playlist Memorial Day NYC Events 2017 Recommended Business Chevy's Bolt Is Being Beaten To A Pulp By Tesla's Model 3 The Chevy Bolt is the little engine that couldn't live up to anticipation from GM. Elon Musk's Tesla Model 3 is beating it into oblivion. Technology How Can We Stop Cancer Cells From Spreading? Researchers studying events that promote metastasis found it may be attributed to a new biochemical signaling process. World ISIS Claims Responsibility For London Bridge Attack London Mayor Sadiq Khan says he's too busy to respond to President Donald Trump's tweets about the incident that left seven dead and dozens injured. National Democrats Tired Of Clinton Blame Tour The former secretary of state has been speaking her mind about the Trump administration, but fellow Democrats say she should step aside. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Sign in or Subscribe See Offers News News Home Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine’s Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Home High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Community Opinion Opinion Home Letters to the Editor Lifestyle Sustainable Living Things To Do In Maine Obituaries Pressherald.com Mainetoday.com Events Classified Real Estate Local Offers Jobs Purchase Photos Public Notices Puzzles Sudoku Crossword e-Editions Newsletters My Account Support Home Delivery Help FAQ Reader Services Contact Us Subscribe Advertise Special Sections Open Centralmaine Home Menu News News Protesters face off in Oregon in wake of anti-Muslim tirade that led to 2 killings More Headlines Islamic State group claims responsibility for deadly London attack Jimmie Johnson extends Dover track record with 11th victory More in News Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine's Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Benintendi belts 2 homers to power Sox past Orioles More Headlines Bridgeway, Winthrop emerge to take high seeds as baseball playoffs near Even at 87, John Neff is one of the Maine Appalachian Trail Club’s most dedicated volunteers More in Sports High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Opinion Opinion Our View: Fully funding education is basis of state budget deal More Headlines Jim Fossel: Trump’s pretty good trip abroad Alan Caron: Now more than ever, Democrats should rally behind Angus King More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Community Community Lakewood Continuing Care welcomes certified nurses’ aide graduates More Headlines Central Maine business briefs Windsor student recognized as Promising Young Writer More in Community Celebrations Obituaries Lifestyle Lifestyle Movie Times More Headlines Add flower power to your plate with hostas TRAVELIN’ MAINE(RS): Ogunquit More in Lifestyle Sustainable Living Food Books Things to do in Maine Sudoku Crossword Local Offers Local Offers Test More Headlines More in Local Offers <div style="display:none;">test</div> Real Estate Real Estate 6 Kennison St., Manchester More Headlines ‘Little’ upgrades can mean a lot to home-buyers Make your back yard an oasis this summer More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Public Notices Jobs Subscriber Log in Welcome Log Out Subscribe   News Posted May 28 increase font size Morning Sentinel May 28 police log Waterville area police reports for May 28, 2017. Share Comment Read Article IN BENTON, Saturday at 8:59 p.m., suspicious activity was reported at Asher Farms Mobile Home Park. IN CANAAN, Saturday at 7:40 p.m., an assault was reported on Salisbury Road. IN CHESTERVILLE, Saturday at 7:37 a.m., trees were reported down on Pope Road. IN CLINTON, Saturday at 10:34 a.m., a disturbance was reported on Canaan Road. 10:50 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Morrison Avenue. IN FAIRFIELD, Saturday at 2:26 p.m., vandalism was reported on Maple Street. IN FARMINGTON, Saturday at 11:16 a.m., a disturbance was reported on North Street. 11:54 a.m., a hazmat incident was reported on Wilton Road. 2:24 p.m., theft was reported on Wilton Road. 7:39 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Broadway. 7:39 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Moore Avenue. 10:22 p.m., juvenile offenses were reported on Whittier Road. Sunday at 9:33 a.m., trespassing was reported on Voter Hill Road. 10:11 a.m., harassment was reported on Bridge Street. IN JAY, Saturday at 12:43 p.m., theft was reported on Main Street. 6:53 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Marcello Street. 7:25 p.m., harassment was reported on Bucklin Drive. IN NEW PORTLAND, Saturday at 11:38 a.m., theft was reported on Gilman Pond Road. IN NEW SHARON, Saturday at 2:37 p.m., criminal mischief was reported on Cape Cod Hill Road. IN OAKLAND, Saturday at 11:47 a.m., a protection order violation was reported on Sawtelle Road. IN PITTSFIELD, Saturday at 11:24 a.m., mischief was reported on Livingston Street. 9:09 p.m., theft was reported on Hartland Avenue. IN RANGELEY, Saturday at 11:51 a.m., a hazmat incident was reported on Main Street. IN SKOWHEGAN, Saturday at 11:24 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Alder Street. 11:26 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Turner Avenue. 11:51 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Sesame Street. 3:40 p.m., theft was reported on Spring Street. 10:12 p.m., an assault was reported on McClellan Street. Sunday at 12:36 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Madison Avenue. 3:23 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Canaan Road. 7:26 a.m., mischief was reported on Madison Avenue. IN SOLON, Saturday at 7:12 p.m., an assault was reported on North Main Street. IN WATERVILLE, Saturday at 8:39 a.m., harassment was reported on Oak Street. 9:35 a.m., a domestic dispute was reported on College Avenue. 9:54 a.m., a report of a disturbance led to an arrest on College Avenue. 11:22 a.m., theft was reported at Advance Auto Parts on Main Street. 3:01 p.m., shoplifting was reported at Wal-Mart in Waterville Commons. 4:28 p.m., shoplifting was reported at Wal-Mart in Waterville Commons. 4:29 p.m., theft was reported at Sally Beauty Supply in Waterville Commons. 5:08 p.m., juvenile offenses were reported at Head of Falls on Front Street. 9:24 p.m., a burglary was reported on Main Street. 9:44 p.m., a domestic dispute was reported on King Court. 10:17 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on High Street. 10:38 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Hathaway Street. Sunday at 1:27 a.m., a fight call was taken on Main Street. 2:21 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on High Street. 2:33 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Johnson Heights. IN WILTON, Saturday at 2:57 p.m., a domestic disturbance was reported on Main Street. Sunday at 10:13 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on U.S. Route 2 East. IN WINSLOW, Saturday at 5:15 p.m., juvenile offenses were reported at Norton Park on Joe Avenue. 9:38 p.m., an assault was reported on Hallowell Street. 11:46 p.m., an unwanted person was reported at Cumberland Farms on China Road. ARRESTS IN FRANKLIN COUNTY, Saturday, Robert Warnock, 55, of Strong, was arrested on probation hold. Jesse Anderson, 25, of Farmington, was arrested on probation hold. Ramsey Wellington, 26, of New Sharon, was arrested on a charge of operating a vehicle under the influence. Michael Michaud, 30, of Chesterville, was arrested on probation hold. Christopher Siddall, 47, of Vienna, was arrested on a charge of operating a vehicle under the influence. Sunday, Hope Schultz, 29, of Jay, was arrested on a charge of operating a vehicle under the influence. Joshua Osborne, 36, of Farmington, was arrested on a charge of operating a vehicle after a suspension, as well as a warrant for failure to appear. IN SOMERSET COUNTY, Saturday at 6:29 p.m., Zachary Allen Harrington, 32, of Madison, was arrested on a warrant for failure to appear. 8:04 p.m., David Harley Recore, 22, of Skowhegan, was arrested on a warrant for unpaid fines. 9:18 p.m., David Lee Libby, 46, of Canaan, was arrested on a charge of failure to sign a summons and complaint after being ordered to do so. Sunday at 2:14 a.m., Jared Adam Snell, 37, of Madison, was arrested on a charge of operating a vehicle under the influence. 8:08 a.m., Keith Allen Bolduc, 58, of Waterville, was arrested on charge of operating a vehicle under the influence. IN WATERVILLE, Saturday at 10:30 a.m., Allan T. J. Nunnally, 29, of Waterville, was arrested on a charge of domestic violence assault. 6:05 p.m., Miriah Jo Casey, 21, of New Portland, was arrested on charges of domestic violence assault and obstructing the report of a crime. 10:05 p.m., Danilo Guthro, of Waterville, was arrested on a charge of violating conditions of release. Sunday at 1:45 a.m., Catherine Josefa Gross, 28, of South China, was arrested on a charge of operating a vehicle under the influence. SUMMONSES IN WATERVILLE, Saturday at 3:01 p.m., Jennifer A. Eldredge, 43, of Fairfield, was summoned on a charge of shoplifting. 4:28 p.m., Brandon Dyer, 20, of Dover-Foxcroft, and a 14-year-old were both summoned on charges of theft. IN WINSLOW, Saturday at 9:38 p.m., Diane B. Cornforth, 56, of Waterville, was summoned on a charge of assault. Share Read or Post Comments Send questions/comments to the editors. Want the news vital to Maine? Our daily headlines email is delivered to your inbox each morning. Sign up by entering your email address below. Email* Newsletter Choices* Daily Headlines Breaking News High School Sports * I understand the Terms of Service. This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. Recent Read Shared Protesters face off in Oregon in wake of anti-Muslim tirade that led to 2 killings Islamic State group claims responsibility for deadly London attack Jimmie Johnson extends Dover track record with 11th victory Benintendi belts 2 homers to power Sox past Orioles Pending budget, Maine attorneys are defending the poor for free Augusta City Center closes after angry man unleashes 100 live bedbugs One person dies after Kennedy Memorial Drive crash that sent three to hospital Skowhegan police investigating discovery of body in woods Woman killed, 2 others severely injured in crash on Route 27 in Dresden Police identify man who died in Oakland crash Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret YMCA day care sued after asking mom to breastfeed out of boys’ sight Eagle sickened after feeding on dead animal Feedback from Hallowell residents key to Fire Department vote Augusta City Center closes after angry man unleashes 100 live bedbugs Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × On the Money On the Money Video Where to Watch The market comeback: Focus on 'economic data' and earnings, says Loop Capital president Beth Corsentino Sunday, 28 May 2017 | 3:12 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Stock market strength    Friday, 26 May 2017 | 4:00 AM ET | 02:03 Despite the gloomy budget headlines from Washington and the tragic events in Manchester, England, new records were set this week by both the Nasdaq and the S&P 500. Both have posted gains for seven consecutive sessions, matching seven-day win streaks for each that ran through Feb. 15. The Nasdaq last had an eight-day win streak in February 2015, while the S&P's most recent eight-day win streak happened in July 2013. Kourtney Gibson, president of Loop Capital Markets, told CNBC's "On The Money" this week that "I think the market is somewhat desensitized a little bit from some of these things. I think the good news is that we are actually focused on economic data and actually focused on the earnings that we are seeing coming out of the market right now" Recent earnings winners included Wal-Mart and Home Depot, signs of life in the dismal retail sector. Last week, HP, Medtronic and Best Buy all posted better-than-expected earnings. On the data front, a fresh reading on gross domestic product showed a better number than the first estimate. Manufacturing PMI for May also saw better-than-expected numbers with new orders at their best level of the year and employment improving. Looking ahead to next month's two-day Federal Reserve meeting, where a rate rise is expected, Gibson says a hike could ultimately be good news for savers. "For the average American raised interest rates obviously mean higher mortgage rates potentially on the long end of course, auto loan rates will go up. Hopefully we will begin to see some of those savings rates increase for the consumer," Gibson said. "I'd love to see some of the larger bulge-bracket investment banks and commercial banks begin to raise the savings rates for the average consumer as well." Gibson warns this week's big market headlines shouldn't throw a monkey wrench into your investment strategy. Just stay the course. "Hopefully you are investing for the long term and your financial advisor or whoever is helping you with determining your asset allocation is positioning you for the time horizon which you currently have, in which you'll actually need the money," she said. "So, changing something based just on this week is probably not advisable for most." Meanwhile, all three major indexes posted gains for the week, breaking two-week losing streaks for the Dow and S&P 500. "On the Money" airs on CNBC Saturdays at 5:30 am ET, or check listings for air times in local markets. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change DJIA --- S&P 500 --- NASD 100 --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
A Man Has Been Arrested For Allegedly Stealing Hundreds Of Dolla - WOWK 13 Charleston, Huntington WV News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home News Bizarre News Crime/Courts Education Emergencies Government Health Missing Persons More News Recalls Special Reports Weather StormTracker 13 Weather App 7 Day Forecast Weather Eyes Radar Local Temps Regional Sat/Rad Regional Temps Regional Sat School Closings Local Weather Warnings Sports College Sports High School Sports High School Sports Scores Hooked on the Outdoors Local Sports Marshall Sports West Virginia Illustrated WV Power Baseball Video Community Hidden History Events Calendar Journey WOWKitchen Recipe West Virginia Day What's On WOWK TV Schedule Contests About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us EEO/Public Files FCC Public Inspection File Meet the Team Tactive Digital Work For Us A Man Has Been Arrested For Allegedly Stealing Hundreds Of Dollars Worth Of Meat Posted: Sunday, May 28, 2017 4:59 PM EDT Updated: Sunday, May 28, 2017 4:59 PM EDT By Jeff Mitchell, Assignment Editor Email Connect jmitchell@wowktv.com Charles Nathan Riffle, 36, of Hurricane was arrested for allegedly stealing hundreds of dollars of meat from the Southridge Walmart. South Charleston Police sad Riffle left the store with a stolen shopping cart containing $416.24 worth of stolen meat. When approached by law enforcement, Riffle fled, but was quickly apprehended. Riffle also resisted arrest, and police found almost a gram of methamphetamine and 6 Xanax pills. Riffle is charged with three counts of obstructing an officer, fleeing, two counts of shoplifting, possession of a schedule I and schedule IV controlled substance. Riffle also gave a false name during booking to try to conceal the fact that he had two active warrants. We will update with any new information as it becomes available. Crime/CourtsCrime/CourtsMore>> UPDATE: 7 Victims Killed, 48 Injured Including 1 American UPDATE: 7 Victims Killed, 48 Injured Including 1 American Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 10:18 PM EDT2017-06-05 02:18:29 GMT British police are responding to an incident on the London Bridge amid reports of a vehicle slamming into pedestrians. A witness who was on the bridge told the BBC she saw a speeding van veer onto the pavement, striking as many as six people. Another witness told Reuters she saw three people who appeared to have their throats cut. "We are dealing with an incident on #LondonBridge, when we have more information we will update this twitter feed," the Metropolitan Police Dep... British police are responding to an incident on the London Bridge amid reports of a vehicle slamming into pedestrians. A witness who was on the bridge told the BBC she saw a speeding van veer onto the pavement, striking as many as six people. Another witness told Reuters she saw three people who appeared to have their throats cut. "We are dealing with an incident on #LondonBridge, when we have more information we will update this twitter feed," the Metropolitan Police Dep... Wayne County Drug Bust Yields Meth, Cash, And A Gun Wayne County Drug Bust Yields Meth, Cash, And A Gun Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 10:08 PM EDT2017-06-05 02:08:24 GMT Last night the DEU arrested a suspect from Kiahsville in the Wayne area. The suspect was in possession of a large quantity of Crystal Methamphetamine packaged for distribution and also in possession of Marijuana packaged for distribution. Patrol Deputies assisted the DEU. The suspect was charged with Possession with Intent to Deliver X 2, Pseudoephedrine Altered, and two misdemeanors. We will update with new information as it becomes available. Last night the DEU arrested a suspect from Kiahsville in the Wayne area. The suspect was in possession of a large quantity of Crystal Methamphetamine packaged for distribution and also in possession of Marijuana packaged for distribution. Patrol Deputies assisted the DEU. The suspect was charged with Possession with Intent to Deliver X 2, Pseudoephedrine Altered, and two misdemeanors. We will update with new information as it becomes available. UPDATE: Plaintiffs to Appeal Judge's Ruling in Nicholas BOE lawsuit Plaintiffs to Appeal Judge's Ruling in Nicholas BOE lawsuit Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 9:28 PM EDT2017-06-05 01:28:16 GMT Circuit Judge James Rowe ruled Friday there was not sufficient evidence to show the Nicholas County Board of Education violated Open Meeting Laws in regards to school consolidation. Several Richwood residents and the Richwood Alumni Association sued the Board and Superintendent Dr. Donna Burge-Tetrick, requesting Judge Rowe grant an injunction to stop the consolidation from moving forward. This comes after flooding in June 2016 destroyed more than 50% of the value o... Circuit Judge James Rowe ruled Friday there was not sufficient evidence to show the Nicholas County Board of Education violated Open Meeting Laws in regards to school consolidation. Several Richwood residents and the Richwood Alumni Association sued the Board and Superintendent Dr. Donna Burge-Tetrick, requesting Judge Rowe grant an injunction to stop the consolidation from moving forward. This comes after flooding in June 2016 destroyed more than 50% of the value o... Cabell County Sheriff's Warn Of Imposters And A Scam Cabell County Sheriff's Warn Of Imposters And A Scam Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 4:45 PM EDT2017-06-04 20:45:41 GMT The Cabell County Sheriffs Office has been notified that the public is receiving complaints from individuals representing themselves as Deputies from our agency. They are telling people that there is an outstanding warrant for the person missing Jury Duty. As a reminder, No law enforcement agency will contact the public to solicit monetary payment or to inform of warrants.  The Cabell County Sheriffs Office has been notified that the public is receiving complaints from individuals representing themselves as Deputies from our agency. They are telling people that there is an outstanding warrant for the person missing Jury Duty. As a reminder, No law enforcement agency will contact the public to solicit monetary payment or to inform of warrants.  Arrest Warrant Issued For Eric C. Conn Arrest Warrant Issued For Eric C. Conn Updated: Saturday, June 3 2017 7:41 PM EDT2017-06-03 23:41:17 GMT (WYMT) - The United States District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky has issued an arrest warrant for Eric C. Conn early Saturday. Officials said Conn removed his electronic monitoring device. His whereabouts are unknown. Conn pled guilty for his role in a $550 million dollar social security fraud scheme in March of 2017. He remained on bond pending his sentencing in July. If you have any information on Conn’s whereabouts please contact the FBI at 502-263-6000. (WYMT) - The United States District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky has issued an arrest warrant for Eric C. Conn early Saturday. Officials said Conn removed his electronic monitoring device. His whereabouts are unknown. Conn pled guilty for his role in a $550 million dollar social security fraud scheme in March of 2017. He remained on bond pending his sentencing in July. If you have any information on Conn’s whereabouts please contact the FBI at 502-263-6000. One Person Injured After Eastern Kentucky Shooting One Person Injured After Eastern Kentucky Shooting Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 9:58 PM EDT2017-06-03 01:58:59 GMT FLOYD COUNTY, KY (WOWK) - One person has been injured after shooting in eastern Kentucky Thursday. According to a release, the shooting occurred at the Branham Heights Apartment Complex in Wheelwright, Kentucky around 10:30 a.m. Thursday. Deputies say the investigation is early but at this time, one person has been shot and transported to a hospital. The shooter has been interviewed by law enforcement and is cooperating with the investigation. The incident was contained to one apa... FLOYD COUNTY, KY (WOWK) - One person has been injured after shooting in eastern Kentucky Thursday. According to a release, the shooting occurred at the Branham Heights Apartment Complex in Wheelwright, Kentucky around 10:30 a.m. Thursday. Deputies say the investigation is early but at this time, one person has been shot and transported to a hospital. The shooter has been interviewed by law enforcement and is cooperating with the investigation. The incident was contained to one apa... Police Identify 'Nude' Suspect After Woman's Body is Found in Huntington Police Identify 'Nude' Suspect After Woman's Body is Found in Huntington Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 10:29 AM EDT2017-06-02 14:29:30 GMT Police have an arrest warrant for a Huntington man wanted in connection with the beating death of a South Point, Ohio, woman. Police have an arrest warrant for a Huntington man wanted in connection with the beating death of a South Point, Ohio, woman. 1-year-old Ohio boy hospitalized after opioid overdose 1-year-old Ohio boy hospitalized after opioid overdose Police say a 1-year-old boy had to be revived with Narcan after he overdosed on opioids. Police say a 1-year-old Ohio boy had to be revived with Narcan after he overdosed on opioids. 5 Family Members Charged After Teen Weighing 56 Pounds Found Dead 5 Family Members Charged After Teen Weighing 56 Pounds Found Dead Updated: Thursday, June 1 2017 7:00 PM EDT2017-06-01 23:00:07 GMT PERRY, Iowa – Five members of an extended family are charged in connection with the death of a a teen girl who weighed 56 pounds, reports CBS affiliate KCCI. The girl's adoptive parents, Marc and Misty Ray, were on a trip to Disney World when 15-year-old Sabrina Ray was found dead May 12, reports the Des Moines Resgister. They are charged with kidnapping, child endangerment resulting in death and child neglect.  PERRY, Iowa – Five members of an extended family are charged in connection with the death of a a teen girl who weighed 56 pounds, reports CBS affiliate KCCI. The girl's adoptive parents, Marc and Misty Ray, were on a trip to Disney World when 15-year-old Sabrina Ray was found dead May 12, reports the Des Moines Resgister. They are charged with kidnapping, child endangerment resulting in death and child neglect.  Ohio bus driver gets jail for leaving disabled woman in hot bus Ohio bus driver gets jail for leaving disabled woman in hot bus A former Ohio bus driver has been sentenced to jail after being convicted of leaving a developmentally disabled woman inside a parked bus on a scorching day. A former Ohio bus driver has been sentenced to jail after being convicted of leaving a developmentally disabled woman inside a parked bus on a scorching day.    Top VideoMore>> Police Identify 'Nude' Suspect After Woman's Body is Found in Huntington Police Identify 'Nude' Suspect After Woman's Body is Found in Huntington St. Albans Election St. Albans Election West Virginia High School Baseball Championships (June 3, 2017) West Virginia High School Baseball Championships (June 3, 2017) 6th Annual Beyon The Backyard 6th Annual Beyon The Backyard Backpack Blessings Benefit Backpack Blessings Benefit    SlideshowsMore>> NWS Confirms Tornado Strikes Lawrence County, Ohio NWS Confirms Tornado Strikes Lawrence County, Ohio Updated: Thursday, May 25 2017 3:26 PM EDT2017-05-25 19:26:14 GMT A possible tornado struck Lawrence County, Ohio Wednesday evening. A possible tornado struck Lawrence County, Ohio Wednesday evening. Former Marshall Coach Sonny Randle Passes away at 81 Former Marshall Coach Sonny Randle Passes away at 81 Updated: Wednesday, May 24 2017 4:22 PM EDT2017-05-24 20:22:21 GMT The Marshall university community is mourning the loss of Former Coach Sonny Randle today. He was 81. The Marshall university community is mourning the loss of Former Coach Sonny Randle today. He was 81. Ohio Police Arrest Man Hauling Large Load of Marijuana, Oxycodone from Colorado Ohio Police Arrest Man Hauling Large Load of Marijuana, Oxycodone from Colorado Updated: Monday, May 22 2017 1:49 PM EDT2017-05-22 17:49:51 GMT Police said the man was arrested after they found a large shipment of marijuana and oxycodone from Colorado hidden inside horse bedding. Police said the man was arrested after they found a large shipment of marijuana and oxycodone from Colorado hidden inside horse bedding. Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood Kick Off Visit in Charleston, WV Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood Kick Off Visit in Charleston, WV Updated: Tuesday, October 25 2016 5:12 PM EDT2016-10-25 21:12:29 GMT Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood kicked off their four show weekend in Charleston, WV on October 21st. The show on Friday began at 7:30. The duo will also have two shows on October 22nd and one show on October 23rd.  The weekend event is expected to bring more than 50,000 people to the capital city.  Garth Brooks says that Charleston, WV is one of the funnest cities to play. "They come here to have fun and that's our kind of people. We are expecting this weekend to ... Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood kicked off their four show weekend in Charleston, WV on October 21st. The show on Friday began at 7:30. The duo will also have two shows on October 22nd and one show on October 23rd.  The weekend event is expected to bring more than 50,000 people to the capital city.  Garth Brooks says that Charleston, WV is one of the funnest cities to play. "They come here to have fun and that's our kind of people. We are expecting this weekend to ... Kenova Pumpkin House Preps for Halloween Kenova Pumpkin House Preps for Halloween Updated: Monday, October 24 2016 3:31 PM EDT2016-10-24 19:31:36 GMT Every year for the past 25 years, Ric Griffith's Kenova, WV home gets converted into the Pumpkin House. Every year for the past 25 years, Ric Griffith's Kenova, WV home gets converted into the Pumpkin House.    WeatherMore>> GO / View Larger >> 7 Day Forecast School Closings Predictor Email Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> Multiple Stations Respond To A Fire At South Central Regional Jail Multiple Stations Respond To A Fire At South Central Regional Jail Updated: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:16 PM EDT2017-06-03 18:16:36 GMT MGN Online Shortly after 12:00 p.m., 911 got a call of a structure fire reported at the South Central Regional Jail. Charleston and South Charleston Fire Departments responded to the scene. Metro tells us that a fire broke out in the laundry room. The details surrounding the fire are unclear at this time. We have a crew on scene and will provide further details as they come in. Shortly after 12:00 p.m., 911 got a call of a structure fire reported at the South Central Regional Jail. Charleston and South Charleston Fire Departments responded to the scene. Metro tells us that a fire broke out in the laundry room. The details surrounding the fire are unclear at this time. We have a crew on scene and will provide further details as they come in. ‘Lacey Shorts’ want to be the new men’s fashion trend this summer ‘Lacey Shorts’ want to be the new men’s fashion trend this summer Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 2:11 PM EDT2017-06-02 18:11:47 GMT Move over, RompHim. There’s a new men’s fashion trend that the Internet isn’t sure whether to love or hate. Move over, RompHim. There’s a new men’s fashion trend that the Internet isn’t sure whether to love or hate. Police Are Investigating The Discovery Of A Dead Body In Huntington Police Are Investigating The Discovery Of A Dead Body In Huntington Updated: Saturday, June 3 2017 3:25 PM EDT2017-06-03 19:25:16 GMT Cabell County 911 confirms that a dead body was discovered earlier today in Huntington. The body was discovered  in an alley on Lincoln Avenue off 9th Avenue and 26th Street in Huntington. The body of an African-American male was found near a garage in the alley. There is no details on how thew man died and Huntington Police are currently investigating. We will update with the latest information as it becomes available. Cabell County 911 confirms that a dead body was discovered earlier today in Huntington. The body was discovered  in an alley on Lincoln Avenue off 9th Avenue and 26th Street in Huntington. The body of an African-American male was found near a garage in the alley. There is no details on how thew man died and Huntington Police are currently investigating. We will update with the latest information as it becomes available. Police: WV Man Posing as Homeless Veteran Defrauding People Police: WV Man Posing as Homeless Veteran Defrauding People Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 9:28 PM EDT2017-06-03 01:28:06 GMT SUMMERSVILLE, WV (WOWK) - Have you seen this man? If so, police could use your help. According to Summersville Police, William Deweese is posing as a homeless veteran and is asking for money. The department says that Deweese lives in the Raleigh County area and has been arrested several times for this type of activity. Police say he came to the Summersville area for the sole purpose of defrauding people into giving him money. If you see him in the area, you are asked to contact Su... SUMMERSVILLE, WV (WOWK) - Have you seen this man? If so, police could use your help. According to Summersville Police, William Deweese is posing as a homeless veteran and is asking for money. The department says that Deweese lives in the Raleigh County area and has been arrested several times for this type of activity. Police say he came to the Summersville area for the sole purpose of defrauding people into giving him money. If you see him in the area, you are asked to contact Su... Disgruntled Man Releases Bed Bugs In Maine City Office Disgruntled Man Releases Bed Bugs In Maine City Office Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 1:12 PM EDT2017-06-04 17:12:08 GMT AUGUSTA, Maine (AP) -- The city manager in Augusta, Maine, says the municipal office building had to be sprayed for bedbugs after a man threw a cup of the pests onto an office counter and about 100 of them scattered off. City Manager William Bridgeo tells the Kennebec Journal (http://bit.ly/2sySI9f) the man apparently complained Friday to the code enforcement office about bedbugs at his former apartment then left, but returned after he showed the cup of bugs to a manager at his new a... AUGUSTA, Maine (AP) -- The city manager in Augusta, Maine, says the municipal office building had to be sprayed for bedbugs after a man threw a cup of the pests onto an office counter and about 100 of them scattered off. City Manager William Bridgeo tells the Kennebec Journal (http://bit.ly/2sySI9f) the man apparently complained Friday to the code enforcement office about bedbugs at his former apartment then left, but returned after he showed the cup of bugs to a manager at his new a... AEP Ohio Customers Receive Refund on June Electric Bill AEP Ohio Customers Receive Refund on June Electric Bill Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 12:00 PM EDT2017-06-02 16:00:24 GMT AEP Ohio announced that $84 million will be refunded to customers through a credit on their June 2017 electric bills. AEP Ohio announced that $84 million will be refunded to customers through a credit on their June 2017 electric bills. Red Cross offering free Kings Island, Cedar Point tickets for blood donation Red Cross offering free Kings Island, Cedar Point tickets for blood donation Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 7:27 PM EDT2017-06-02 23:27:54 GMT COLUMBUS (WCMH) — The American Red Cross is offering free tickets to Kings Island, Cedar Point and other Cedar Fair parks for those who donate blood this summer. Anyone who donates at select blood drives will receive one free ticket, valid for entry to any one U.S. Cedar Fair theme park, including Cedar Point, Kings Island and others, while supplies last. Tickets are valid for the 2017 season. Cedar Fair is also offering access to special price tickets and a chance to win... COLUMBUS (WCMH) — The American Red Cross is offering free tickets to Kings Island, Cedar Point and other Cedar Fair parks for those who donate blood this summer. Anyone who donates at select blood drives will receive one free ticket, valid for entry to any one U.S. Cedar Fair theme park, including Cedar Point, Kings Island and others, while supplies last. Tickets are valid for the 2017 season. Cedar Fair is also offering access to special price tickets and a chance to win... Wayne County Drug Bust Yields Meth, Cash, And A Gun Wayne County Drug Bust Yields Meth, Cash, And A Gun Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 10:08 PM EDT2017-06-05 02:08:24 GMT Last night the DEU arrested a suspect from Kiahsville in the Wayne area. The suspect was in possession of a large quantity of Crystal Methamphetamine packaged for distribution and also in possession of Marijuana packaged for distribution. Patrol Deputies assisted the DEU. The suspect was charged with Possession with Intent to Deliver X 2, Pseudoephedrine Altered, and two misdemeanors. We will update with new information as it becomes available. Last night the DEU arrested a suspect from Kiahsville in the Wayne area. The suspect was in possession of a large quantity of Crystal Methamphetamine packaged for distribution and also in possession of Marijuana packaged for distribution. Patrol Deputies assisted the DEU. The suspect was charged with Possession with Intent to Deliver X 2, Pseudoephedrine Altered, and two misdemeanors. We will update with new information as it becomes available. 110 Coal Mining Jobs to Be Added in Eastern Kentucky 110 Coal Mining Jobs to Be Added in Eastern Kentucky Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 3:37 PM EDT2017-06-02 19:37:59 GMT PIKE COUNTY, KY (WOWK) - Beech Creek Coal Company, an affiliate of Southern Coal Corporation, is restarting a large surface mine in Pike County, Kentucky. According to a release, the surface mine will be near Phelps, Kentucky.  Equipment is being assembled and hiring is in process. Once the mine is fully staffed, it will employ 110 workers and produce 500,000 tons of coal per year.  representative from the Company said this project will remain operational well into the f... PIKE COUNTY, KY (WOWK) - Beech Creek Coal Company, an affiliate of Southern Coal Corporation, is restarting a large surface mine in Pike County, Kentucky. According to a release, the surface mine will be near Phelps, Kentucky.  Equipment is being assembled and hiring is in process. Once the mine is fully staffed, it will employ 110 workers and produce 500,000 tons of coal per year.  representative from the Company said this project will remain operational well into the f... Photo: McDonald's Billboard garners laughs and shares online Photo: McDonald's Billboard garners laughs and shares online Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 10:10 PM EDT2017-06-03 02:10:16 GMT KRQE RATON, N.M. (KRQE) – A billboard in New Mexico is getting a lot of laughs and a lot of shares online. Someone posted a photo of a McDonald’s billboard near Raton. The billboard says, “Usually when you roll something this good it’s illegal,” and shows a Bueno green chile breakfast burrito. It has people laughing and many saying its placement is key. It’s right on the New Mexico-Colorado state line. Recreational marijuana is legal in Colorado,... RATON, N.M. (KRQE) – A billboard in New Mexico is getting a lot of laughs and a lot of shares online. Someone posted a photo of a McDonald’s billboard near Raton. The billboard says, “Usually when you roll something this good it’s illegal,” and shows a Bueno green chile breakfast burrito. It has people laughing and many saying its placement is key. It’s right on the New Mexico-Colorado state line. Recreational marijuana is legal in Colorado,...    WOWKTV.COM 350 Quarrier Street Charleston, WV 25301 Main (304) 343-1313 Fax (304) 343-6138 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 Frankly Media and WOWK. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
News Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Member Rewards log in Site Site Archive Word on the Street: Maybe South Peoria supermarket situation isn't so dire Sunday May 28, 2017 at 2:46 PM May 28, 2017 at 5:05 PM Chris Kaergard Journal Star political reporter @ChrisKaergardNick Vlahos Journal Star reporter @vlahosnick Perhaps a full-service grocery store in South Peoria no longer is the priority so many thought it might be. On Friday, the Save-A-Lot supermarket at 210 S. Western Ave. is to close for good. The store was underperforming financially, according to a statement a Save-A-Lot spokeswoman issued last week. Considering how briefly Save-A-Lot has been open, the store must have been underperforming pretty severely. The grocery in a space once occupied by an Aldi supermarket has been in business slightly more than 11 months. Aldi's departure in January 2014 left South Peoria bereft of a consistent place to purchase fresh vegetables and meats, among other things. Local officials, led by 1st District City Councilwoman Denise Moore, decried the "food desert" the area had become. They sought an Aldi replacement. Securing a commitment from Save-A-Lot appeared to be quite the coup at the time. But it's possible the most important people in the equation — potential customers — might not have been all that impressed. South Peoria residents must be going somewhere to purchase groceries. The most logical assumption is many shoppers have migrated to the closest full-service supermarket, the Kroger outlet at Madison Park Shopping Center in adjacent Limestone Township. But some shoppers must be venturing above the bluff in Peoria, or across the bridges into East Peoria. Moore said one constituent told her Save-A-Lot groceries were more expensive than those found at Walmart. Other South Peoria retailers that as a sideline offer a limited number of groceries also might have cut into Save-A-Lot's business, Moore suggested. Just up and across Western Avenue from Save-A-Lot is a Dollar General store. That wasn't there when Aldi was open. There also are two Family Dollar outlets located along that stretch of Western. Considering there was almost a 2½-year gap between the Aldi closing and the Save-A-Lot opening, area shoppers might have found other supermarkets to patronize. And nothing about Save-A-Lot might have been compelling enough for them to switch. Moore said she and others will attempt to lure another grocer to South Peoria, but it won't be easy. For Save-A-Lot to locate there took a fair amount of cajoling, it appears. "We tried every grocer out there," Moore said. "We'll go back to those grocers that we talked to, and maybe one of them will see a way they can come in and get profitable. "It's going to take a community effort to keep whoever comes in here in here." The beauty of the American system in this respect is the market, not the government, decides which businesses survive and which don't. In this case, maybe the community already has decided — with its feet, and with its wallets. (N.V.) Looking back at Bruce One thing readers should know about reporters: Most of us are pack rats. We'll keep notes in digital or printed form for years from interviews that we think might be interesting or important. Sometimes that merely means piles of things on our desks that grow to the point of teetering. Other times it pays off, like when your shorter columnist found his notes from his first telephone interview with a venture capitalist and philanthropist named Bruce Rauner who, in the spring of 2013, was mulling a run for governor. He'd take the plunge and announce about a month and a half after our April interview. Some of the rhetoric is the same as his current stump speech — "I never want to have to leave the state. I want my children to have good lives here, I want my grandchildren to have it good" and "I'm a hard worker, a workaholic by nature." He listed three priorities: • Changing the business climate — "We are a bad place to do business from a regulatory point of view." • Transforming state government and its operations — "Our government is wasteful, inefficient, self-dealing." • Improving education — "We used to be among the best states in the country for our education and we’re deteriorating." He also called for Illinois to "invest aggressively" in state universities — something that no doubt has people in Normal, Macomb, Charleston, DeKalb, Urbana, Springfield, Carbondale, Edwardsville and Chicago laughing ruefully. Rauner likewise wanted more money set aside for veterans' job retraining, early childhood education and K-12 education. On the latter, more has been budgeted, if one ignores the dollars that were promised but are caught up in the bill backlog and uncertain to ever be delivered. The first part of this statement from Rauner is unquestionably true: "I won’t worry about which special interest groups I alienate. ... I’m just on a mission to deliver results for our business climate and our taxpayers." Some things, it's up to the voters to decide if he's been successful: "I will never back down, and I will propose creative, doable solutions." "The governorship is very powerful. You can do a lot with executive orders." (C.K.)  Chris Kaergard (C.K.) covers politics and government. He can be reached at ckaergard@pjstar.com or 686-3255. Follow him on Twitter @ChrisKaergard. Nick Vlahos writes Nick in the Morning. He can be reached at nvlahos@pjstar.com or 686-3285. Follow him on Twitter @VlahosNick.   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile Advertise With Us Pay Your Ad Bill Customer Service Newspaper in Education Internships Contact Us Market Place Shop Cars Homes Free Classifieds Ad Classifieds Community Info Community Served About us Historic Headlines Peoria History Forms Anniversaries Births Engagements Weddings 100th Birthday Jobs in Peoria Pets Place a Classified Ad Real Estate Rentals Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Journal Star ~ Peoria, IL 61643 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Phil Luciano Police/Fire/Courts Word on the Street Nick in the AM Education State News Sports Preps Columns Rivermen Peoria Chiefs Sports Forums Bradley Hoops Auto Racing Entertainment Books Dining Out More Puzzles Movies TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Shareables Opinion Our Editorials Forum Letters Other Columns Write a letter Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Blogs Calendar Celebrations Games Contests Branded Content Submit Your News Member Rewards Subscriber My Profile Customer Service E-Edition All Access Signup Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Pay Your Ad Bill Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Local Directory Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications SUBSCRIBE TODAY Choose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery. Action
Tech Apple Science Cars Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 WWDC 2017 E3 2017 Prime Day 2017     Nintendo Switch Stock Tracking Report For May 28 Posted: May 28 2017, 1:44pm CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News     The latest Nintendo Switch stock tracking report for online and in store availability for Memorial Day weekend. On Sunday, May 28, the only option to buy a Nintendo Switch online is at gamestop.com. The video game retailer offers two new Nintendo Switch bundles priced for under $400.  Don't Miss: Today's Best Deals on Amazon.com Walmart for the first time in the past two months has not sold the Nintendo Switch online in a bundle on Friday at 5pm ET. The retailer finally reacts to the over selling problem. Our Nintendo Switch order from last Friday got put on backorder days after the order was placed. To find Nintendo Switch in stock online, shoppers can use our new The Tracker app, available as free download for iOS and Android. Further below this report features the latest on the in-store availability of the Nintendo Switch.  The weak rumor that Best Buy will have the $299.99 Nintendo Switch in stock today could not be confirmed yet. There is no other hint at a retailer restocking the Nintendo Switch on Memorial Day Weekend. Nintendo believes the Nintendo Switch will be as big as the extremely successful Nintendo Wii. Looking at the current shortage, the Japanese video game maker has a long road ahead of them to ship 101 million Nintendo Switch consoles. The positive reception and praise of the Nintendo Switch fuel the demand for the mobile and home console hybrid. Nintendo is also busy marketing the Nintendo Switch with hands-on events and at the E3 2017. Find below the latest Nintendo Switch online availability updates and stock tracking updates for stores. Nintendo Switch Stock at Online Stores GameStop offers two new Nintendo Switch bundles priced for under $400. Both bundles feature the Switch with Neon Joy-Con. One bundle is around Zeld and the other comes with Mario Kart game and gear.  GameStop also runs a big video game accessories sale, including discounts of 20% on select Switch accessories. Amazon restocked the Nintendo Switch the last time 10 days ago. Only Prime members got access to the Nintendo Switch stock. When the next Switch sale on Amazon takes place is not known. Use our new Tracker app to get notified when the Switch is in stock at Amazon. To get an notification when the Nintendo Switch is avaialble online again try our new Tracker app. At this point no online retailer is selling the $299.99 Nintendo Switch consoles. The Nintendo Switch will continue to be hard to find for the foreseeable future. Nintendo plans to ship 10 million consoles world-wide in the time from April 2017 to April 2018. From the launch on Mach 3 to April 27, the Mario company sold 2.74 million Switch consoles. Online stores restocked the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con and the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con in time for the launch of Mario Kart 8 Deluxe on April 28. Since then the Switch console was out of stock online, besides the TRU bundle offer, according to data from The Tracker. The Nintendo Switch reseller markups keep steady and range today between $88 to $110 for the Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con and $95 to $130 for the Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con on amazon.com. The Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con is more rare than the console with Gray controllers, resulting in considerable higher market value. Overall the Nintendo Switch market prices have risen slightly. To find Nintendo Switch in stock online, shoppers can use our new The Tracker app, available as free download for iOS and Android.  There are also several new accessories coming on the market from Nintendo in the next weeks. See the full list of new Nintendo Switch accessories. When is Nintendo Switch in stock online again? Nintendo is ramping up the production for the Nintendo Switch, but has not disclosed what the current production capacity per month is. The demand for the Nintendo Switch will spike during the Holiday Shopping season 2017. Nintendo will set aside a large part of the Switch production during the next months for November and December. This stock piling will keep the Nintendo Switch in short supply during the next 5 months. As Nintendo coordinated new Switch console shipment with the launch of Mario Kart 8, we expect the company to do the same for the next major Switch game launches. This means the next big wave of new Switch consoles comes in mid-June for the release of ARMS. The Nintendo Switch will likely be offered in special bundles in time for the Holidays. A Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Switch bundle has already surfaced in Russia. Because of the incredible demand for the Switch console, the monetary savings on these bundles will be limited. Usually bundles offer a way for consumers to get a free game. Nintendo can afford to just offer some savings, unless the demand is slowing down. Read the latest Nintendo Switch news. How to find a Nintendo Switch in Stock Online We developed the The Tracker app to make finding stock of rare products online as easy and stress free as possible. Download the free app for Apple iPhone or Android phones. From the list products you select to be notified for the Switch with Grey Joy-Con and/or Neon Joy-Con. That is it. It is set and forget. At the moment we detect the Nintendo Switch console in stock at major online retailers, you receive a notification on your smartphone. Now you are just a tap away from buying a Nintendo Switch. You can also see the current availability of the Nintendo Switch consoles in the web version of The Tracker: Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con, Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con. Nintendo Switch in Stock at Stores Best Buy stores had the Nintendo Switch in stock this morning. We prepared our readers for this Switch event before it was official. The Nintendo Switch is also available in 820 Walmart stores, 100 Target stores, 29 GameStop locations according to the Nintendo Switch inventory tracker iStockNow (2:45pm ET).  About 200 more Walmart stores are flagged to have the Nintendo Switch in stock today. The Nintendo flagship store in New York said on April 28 in a tweet to have the Nintendo Switch in stock each morning. People in New York or visitors can give this purchase option a try. Social media posts from people who visited the flagship store confirm the availability of the Switch at the Nintendo store in New York. Some even report that they saw the Switch still on the shelves late afternoon.  This week two new Switch games are released. The big upcoming Switch games are Arms on June 16 and Splatoon 2 on July 21. Amazon offers pre-order discounts on both of the titles for Prime members to the tune of 20%. Read the latest Nintendo Switch news. Updated: 2017-06-04 11:00:12pm Offers Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Store: Best Buy Price: $299.99 Availability: Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Store: Target Price: $299.99 Availability: Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Store: Gamestop Price: $299.99 Availability: Browse all current Offers This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Nintendo Switch Available for Purchase at GameStop in Five New Bundles 1 day ago, 4:09am CDT ‘WatchBox by Govberg’ App a Timely Father’s Day Find 2 days ago, 8:02pm CDT Killer Instinct Devs Release New Action Game Extinction Trailer 2 days ago, 10:47am CDT Xbox Game Pass Now Available for All Xbox One Owners 2 days ago, 8:22am CDT Nintendo Switch Online Services are Free until 2018 2 days ago, 5:40am CDT Top Science Stories of the Week 4 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 8 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 11 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 11 hours ago, 11:58am CDT iOS 10.3.1 Jailbreak august release finalized for iPhone 7, iPhone 6, iPad Air and iPad Mini 11 hours ago, 11:53am CDT Popular and useful iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks for you 11 hours ago, 11:51am CDT Rare Corpse Flowers Bloomed in Chicago 14 hours ago, 8:34am CDT Curiosity Rover Finds Ancient Mars Lake was Able to Support Diverse Microbial Life 19 hours ago, 3:10am CDT UNESCO Seriously Concerned over the World’s Largest Coral Reef System Die-off 1 day ago, 1:53pm CDT New Unique Material can lead to Unbreakable Smartphones 1 day ago, 5:39am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News Nintendo Switch is Playable after 1,000 feet Drop WWDC 2017 Could be Huge   Nintendo Switch: The Tracker App Had Its First Big Run Lego Nasa Apollo Saturn V Set in Stock on Amazon Technology News Nintendo Switch Available for Purchase at GameStop in Five New Bundles 1 day ago, 4:09am CDT ‘WatchBox by Govberg’ App a Timely Father’s Day Find 2 days ago, 8:02pm CDT Killer Instinct Devs Release New Action Game Extinction Trailer 2 days ago, 10:47am CDT Xbox Game Pass Now Available for All Xbox One Owners 2 days ago, 8:22am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Top Science Stories of the Week 4 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 8 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 11 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 11 hours ago, 11:58am CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Change Country United States United Kingdom Germany Featured Sections Video Style Beauty Work & Money Health Entertainment Food News Tech Follow Us Video Shatterbox Behind The Headlines Style Out There Beauty With Mi Try Living With Lucie Featured Docs Style Fashion Unstyled Travel Weddings Home Beauty How To Videos Hair Makeup Skin Care Nails Celebs & Influencers Work & Money Money Diaries Career Advice Personal Finance Tech Life Hacks Health Sex Horoscopes Body Mothership Spirit News 60 Seconds to Fit Entertainment News TV Movies Music Books Pop Culture Food News Tips & Tricks Easy Meals Restaurants Videos News Strong Opinions Politics Reproductive Rights Immigration Tech Follow refinery29 Refinery29 uk de Now Reading Arrest Of Beauty Queen Leads To Questions Texas Beauty Queen Arrested After Racist Road Rage Encounter Marquita Harris Photo: Courtesy of Carmen S Ponder Facebook. Carmen Ponder, Miss Black Texas of 2016, alleges she was unlawfully arrested after an encounter with an off-duty police officer and Chief Kerry Crews, the Dallas Morning News reports. While driving to a local Walmart in Commerce Texas, Ponder was cut off by a sporadic driver. "I thought it was a drunk driver so I [drove] around them," she said in a statement posted on Twitter. According to Ponder, after passing the vehicle, and pulling into the store’s parking lot, the car followed her. Upon exiting her vehicle, the 23-year-old Ponder was allegedly approached by the passenger. The man was apparently teaching his 14-year-old daughter how to drive and was incensed that Ponder would do such a thing. Advertisement “He continued yelling and cussing me out, and I finally turned around and said, 'It's illegal,' when he kept saying that it was a 14-year-old driving," she shared on Twitter. "That's when he screamed, 'Oh, whatever, you black bitch!'" @MeritLaw pic.twitter.com/LeHyS9JwHM— Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 24, 2017 Ponder brushed the encounter off and headed inside Walmart to shop. According to a statement from Ponder’s attorney, Lee Merritt, that was posted on The Root, that’s when the encounter took a turn. “A plain clothes unidentified officer wielding a badge informed her highness that the man she had pissed off was the chief of police and she had better apologize! She declined and continued graciously toward her vehicle,” Merritt explained. “The cop grabbed her and shouted you’re not going anywhere, you’re being detained. Carmen complied and used her cell phone to call the police. When they arrived (of course) they spoke with the other officers and was told Carmen was evading arrest (no idea for what) and she was handcuffed and taken into custody. Miss Black Texas spent the night in jail. Her only crime ... the color of her skin.” Advertisement The encounter caused some confusion. Ponder initially identified the man in the vehicle who confronted her was Crews, but that is in dispute. The City of Commerce issued a statement that the passenger in the car was not Crews, but that he became involved in the incident after being approached by a customer. Crews was not on duty at the time, according to the statement. "Since the incident there have been a number of statements made about the details of the incident, and many of these details do not align with the statements provided by Chief Crews and the responding officer. As such, the City is engaging an outside entity to conduct an investigation into the incident to objectively review and determine the facts," the City of Commerce statement reads. Crews has been placed on administrative leave, pending the results of the investigation. The city calls this action "in keeping with common practice." They also note it's not an admission of wrongdoing on Crews' part, nor a disciplinary action. Ponder has set up a crowdfunding page to assist with legal costs. "I will be using these funds for help with attorney's fees and city charges. I am not being charged for Civil Rights representation, but the city is pursuing criminal charges which will require a separate fee," she said in a statement on the page. "The money will be used to fight my unlawful charge of Evading Arrest/Detention. I refuse to take a plea deal and more than willing to go to trial, but that takes time and money." Plea bargains often work against many black and brown defendants, according to a study cited on NPR. Advertisement Beauty Queen Unlawfully Arrested After Racist Encounter Cultural Issues & Equal Rights • Feminism • News • Politics • US News Photo: Courtesy of Carmen S Ponder Facebook. More from US News How You Can Support The Paris Accord & The Fight Against Climate Change Politics Andrea Gonzalez-R... 13 hours ago Florida Will Begin Issuing Certificates Of Birth For Miscarriages US News Lauren Holter Jun 2, 2017 Trump Asks The Supreme Court To Reinstate The Travel Ban Politics The Associated Press Jun 2, 2017 The Internet Doesn't Even Know What To DO With Trump's Press Conference US News Natalie Gontcharova Feb 16, 2017 Rallies Against The Paris Agreement Withdrawal Are Everywhere The Environment Caitlin Flynn Jun 2, 2017 The Weather Channel Is Trolling Trump To The Max Donald Trump Caitlin Flynn Jun 2, 2017 Meet The Women Who Changed Your Life Paid Content Meghan DeMaria May 3, 2017 Trump Announces He Will Withdraw The U.S. From The Paris Climate Deal Politics The Associated Press Jun 1, 2017 A Timeline Of The Tangled Trump-Russia Scandal Politics Lauren Holter Jun 1, 2017 The Portland Survivor Had A Powerful Message For The Muslim Community & His City US News Andrea Gonzalez-R... Jun 1, 2017 Trump Is Expected To Withdraw The U.S. From The Paris Climate Deal US News The Associated Press Jun 1, 2017 Here's Why Jared Kushner Is Part Of The Trump-Russia Investigation US News Andrea Gonzalez-R... May 31, 2017 5 Things You (& Trump) Should Know About The Paris Accord Politics Sally Kohn May 31, 2017 A Student Missed His Graduation While Stuck On The Train, So Passengers Threw Him... US News Lauren Holter May 31, 2017 © 2016 Refinery29 Terms Privacy About Press Advertising Jobs Feedback R29 News Site Map RSS By using our service, you agree to our Terms (effective 2/07/2017) and Privacy (effective 2/07/2017). REFINERY29 name & logo and R29 logo are trademarks of Refinery 29 Inc.
null
Digital Trends Home > Mobile > Tips for buying a used smartphone Tips for buying a used smartphone By Simon Hill — Updated May 26, 2017 11:43 am Subscribe Share Jessica Lee Star/Digital Trends Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: The best smartphones pack tempting features into stylish bodies, but they don’t come cheap. You can easily spend upwards of $600 on a new smartphone — the Samsung Galaxy S8 starts at $750, for instance — but you don’t have to clean out your bank account to nab a snazzy smartphone. Buying a used device is a tried-and-true method of saving cash on a purchase. In this guide, we’re going to lay out your options and run through some tips for buying a used smartphone, helping ensure you don’t get ripped off. Not all second-hand smartphones are created equal, so let’s break this down by category. Buying refurbished smartphones The best kind of used smartphone to go for is a refurbished phone. These are phones that were returned to the manufacturer for one reason or another. They are fully tested, factory reset, and certified. They also usually come with some kind of warranty. When you buy a refurbished phone, it should be close to the experience of buying a new phone. If you buy a refurbished iPhone from Apple, for example, it will have a new battery, a pristine outer shell, and a box with all the necessary accessories. It will also come with a one-year warranty, but that won’t be the case if you buy elsewhere. Standards vary, so always check the details carefully. Whenever possible, buy directly from manufacturers, as they have the greatest incentive to ensure the refurbished phones they sell are problem-free. Before you get too excited about refurbished smartphones, however, it’s worth noting that they’re the most expensive kind of used smartphone around. You can often reap significant savings with little risk, but real bargain hunters will be unimpressed. If you want to shop for refurbished phones, then check out these stores: Amazon Apple Best Buy Samsung Walmart Buying certified pre-owned smartphones One step down from refurbished phones, you’ll find the certified pre-owned category. Once again, these phones have undergone some kind of testing, been factory reset, and should come with a limited warranty. They’ll be a bit cheaper than refurbished phones, too, though they probably won’t be in as good condition. Certified pre-owned phones have been tested to make sure that they work properly, but they’re not like-new — these are used smartphones and may have cosmetic damage or internal wear and tear. They also won’t necessarily be re-boxed or presented as new phones, and could be missing some accessories. Always check the details before you buy, because there may be differences when it comes to the definition of certified pre-owned from retailer to retailer. There will also be differences in the warranty they offer.. If you want to shop for certified pre-owned phones, then check out these stores: Amazon AT&T Best Buy Target Verizon Buying used smartphones The biggest bargains are to be found in the used smartphone category, but there are also greater risks in buying a used smartphone. You might be able to secure last year’s flagship with extra accessories at a knock-down price, but you could also end up with a dud and no way to get a refund. You need to check the seller’s description carefully, only consider listings with photos, and ask questions before you buy. Try to deal with sellers who have positive ratings, if possible. Some services offer listing verification and payment protection in the event something goes wrong, while others don’t. You should look for a return policy and use a service like PayPal, so you have some possibility of getting a refund if your new phone turns out to be damaged or stolen. If you’re going to meet in-person to buy a phone, always take someone with you and choose a well-lit public place to meet. Make it clear to the seller that you want to test the phone before you buy, and that you’ll be bringing a SIM card to do just that. This will discourage scammers. Some of the best places to buy used smartphones are: eBay Craigslist Glyde Swappa The price is right You should do some research to get an idea of how much you need to spend. Swappa is particularly helpful for this, because it shows a chart of the average selling prices for each smartphone over time. You can also search the “sold listings” on eBay, if you want to see what the going rate for your desired phone is. Remember that prices for older smartphone models — like the iPhone 5, or Samsung Galaxy S6 — will always fall when a new one is released, as people tend to sell their older devices in order to raise cash for a new one. When you settle on a target price, be patient. If you’re trying to get a better-than-average bargain, then you need avoid being drawn into a bidding war. There’s a ton of variance on sites like eBay, so it can be smart to wait to bid on items until the last moment. Choose listings that end mid-week, because they won’t attract as many buyers as listings that end on Saturday or Sunday. Important things to consider There are several things you need to keep in mind when buying a used smartphone, so here’s a checklist to run through. If any of these things aren’t clear in the listing, then you need to ask the seller before you buy. Is the phone on your network or unlocked? Smartphones that are locked to a carrier tend to be a bit cheaper, so if you’re happy on Verizon, for example, go for a device that’s locked to Verizon. Unlocked smartphones, on the other hand, can be used on any network. Does the phone come with any accessories? Find out if it comes in the original box, with the charger and cable that it shipped with. You need to know if there any extras being thrown in, such as cases or headphones. The original box is a good sign that the phone is not stolen and a case suggests the previous owner has been taking care of the device. Has it been factory reset? You want a phone that has been wiped clean. Make sure the previous owner has removed all personal accounts and watch out for Factory Reset Protection (FRP). It’s a safety feature that Google recently added to Android to discourage would-be thieves. If FRP is not disabled before the phone is sold, then, even after a factory reset, you’ll be prompted to enter the username and password for the last Google account that was registered with the device before you can use it. Is there any physical damage? Ideally, you’ll be able to review a good mix of photos before you buy, but it’s worth checking whether there’s any damage that isn’t obvious from the supplied photos. You may also want to ask about water damage before you make your purchase. Test your phone When your new phone arrives, make sure you test it immediately and thoroughly. Put your SIM in and make sure it works, insert your MicroSD card (if it accommodates one), try charging the phone, and test the headphone port. You should also watch out for battery problems, especially with older phones. After all, batteries deteriorate over time and may eventually struggle to hold a charge. You may also want to try a diagnostic app or use service codes. You can find them for most phones with a quick online search, and they’ll allow you to test the battery, screen, and a few other bits and pieces. If you’re going to find a problem, it’s better to isolate it sooner rather than later. If you have a warranty, then you can quickly make a claim. If not, you can try to return your phone or claim a refund via PayPal. If you’re meeting in person and paying cash, then go to the meeting equipped with a SIM card, cable, laptop, and headphones and perform the tests before making your purchase.
Home Radio TV Ghana Contact Login Login Forgot Password New User ! REGISTER.. FEATURED STORY Too Much “greedy Corruption” In Ghana – Jon Benjamin... Home News Sports Opinions Africa Politics Business Lifestyle Real Estates Members OnAIR NEWS SPORTS AFRICA WORLD OPINIONS POLITICS BUSINESS DIASPORA LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT REAL ESTATE CLASSIFIEDS MEDIA MEMBERS News Archive Dossiers Elections 2016 General News Health News Local News Corruption Scandals References OnAIR Columns Archive Woman 'locked children in car boot' to go shopping BBC 28 May 2017 | General News  0  A woman has been arrested in the US after allegedly locking her children, aged two and five, in the boot of her car while she went shopping. US media report that Tori Castillo, 39, is facing child abuse charges and the children are now with their father. Onlookers in the car park instructed the five-year-old on how to open the boot from the inside, reports say. Passersby had noticed the car shaking and noise coming from inside where it was parked outside a Walmart. The incident happened on Thursday in Riverdale, Utah. It is not clear how long the children were in the boot. Local police officer Casey Warren told KTVX : "It's never right to lock a child inside of a vehicle, let alone a trunk of a vehicle. "Obviously there's a lot of things that could go wrong." He praised the "good Samaritans" who helped the children get out. Under Utah state law, leaving a child under the age of nine unattended in a vehicle is punishable by a fine or jail time. The law was enacted in 2011 after repeated cases of children dying unattended in hot cars.  Add comment   Prev Next   Do you have a story for publication? Please email it to [email protected]  0  More General News Agona West Assembly Declare 'War' On Filth Monday, June 5, 2017 The Agrave;gona West Municipal Assembly in the Central Region led by its Mun ... ... 3 Ghanaian Ladies Flying The Flag Of Ghana High On... Monday, June 5, 2017 Three young Ghanaian ladies have become the talk of international News having ... ... Rawlings Calls For Comprehensive Solution To NDC's... Monday, June 5, 2017 The founder of NDC former President Rawlings has attributed NDC 39;s defeat ... ... Odeefour Owuau Amoaye II Shows The Way In Developm... Monday, June 5, 2017 Chiefs and their elders have for centuries played significant roles in the de ... ... Show More Stories    TOP STORIES I fired 'boy' Victor Smith over Nigeria cash - Rawlings 5 hours ago 'I am not here to unite good and bad' - Rawlings 7 hours ago LATEST POPULAR COMMENTS Abacha $2m was used for 'nationalistic purposes' - Rawlings Rawlings: I wanted to quit NDC but… I almost quit NDC - Rawlings I fired 'boy' Victor Smith over Nigeria cash - Rawlings Arthur Kennedy Writes: The Legacy Of June 4th Revolution Agona West Assembly Declare 'War' On Filth Back From The Claws Of Death – A Close Shave With Mob Injust ARCHIVE GET MORE Man Lynched At Kejetia Rev. Owusu Bempah Interprets "Spiritual" Captain Mahama's D Denkyira-Boase DCE Fired God Didn’t Speak To You – Mahama’s Family To “Liar” Bempah 'Respect Rights Of Captain Mahama’s Killers' Afia Tenge Nearly Lynched For 'Abominable' Dressing Former President Mahama Salutes Rawlings, NDC MOST POPULAR Arthur Kennedy Writes: The Legacy Of June 4th Revolution Agona West Assembly Declare 'War' On Filth I fired 'boy' Victor Smith over Nigeria cash - Rawlings NDC Must Stop Politicising Everything Under The Sun Netanyahu woos West African leaders at Liberia summit Rawlings Enskinned Bagrepie Naa Ho West: Pupils learn on ‘brick and wood’ desks HAVE YOUR SAY Westerned culture is destroying west African culture By: Lawrence More Quotes Submit Quotes Inter Bank Rates Currency Buying Selling U.S Dollar 4.2906 4.2949 Euro 4.8399 4.8433 Pound Sterling 5.5272 5.5340 Swiss Franc 4.4541 4.4568 Canadian Dollar 3.1749 3.1772 S/African Rand 0.3348 0.3350 Australian Dollar 3.1908 3.1959 News News headlines General News Education Crime/Punishment Social Affairs Press Releases Regional News Health News Sports Sport News Premier League CAN 2013 CAN 2012 CAN 2010 CAN 2008 Worldcup 2010 Worldcup 2014 Politics Elections 2012 Elections 2008 CPP News NPP News NDC News PNC News PPP News Diaspora UK & Ireland United States Canada Germany Switzerland Netherlands Italy France Real Estate Homes For Sale Uncompleted Houses Bargain Houses Luxury Houses House For Rent Unserviced Plots Serviced Plots Entertainment News Online Radio Watch TV Photo Gallery Audio Releases Music Albums Video Clips Africa Nigeria Egypt Libya Uganda Congo Liberia Kenya Ivory Coast South Africa Opinions Columnists Featured Articles Opinions Editorial Letters Critics Commentaries Have Your Say Polls & Surveys Business Business News Real Estate Classifieds Business Directory Website Directory Book Directory LifeStyle Health Beauty/Fashion Family/Parenting Health/Fitness Home/Food Poetry Relationships Social Issues Women Issues Classifieds Announcements Business Services Jobs/Employment Computers/Software Car/Trucks Friendships/Penpals Datings/Relationship Members All Profiles Female Profiles Male Profiles Hot Or Not Home About us Contact Us Feedback Ghana Online Radio Online TV Advertise RSS Feeds Site Map Partners Links Terms of use Privacy Policy All trademarks and copyrights on this page are owned by their respective owners. 2005-2017 © Copyright ModernGhana.com
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Classifieds Place an Ad Homes Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 65° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Clear. Tonight A clear sky. Low 59F. Winds NNW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 10:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close 1 of 6 Buy Now BARRY ADAMS, STATE JOURNAL Brain Baldis, director of product development for Mongoose, shows off a three-pound aluminum frame that will be used in BMX bikes in 2018 at Pacific Cycle's Madison headquarters. The company is preparing for an event next month unveiling the 2018 line of Mongoose bikes for dealers, distributors and an international contingent of mountain and BMX bike media.   Buy Now BARRY ADAMS, STATE JOURNAL Matt Prest, a senior product manager for Mongoose, gives a final review of 2018 bike designs at Pacific Cycle in Madison. The company, which also owns the Schwinn brand, employs about 100 people in Madison and 350 others at four distribution centers around the country.  Buy Now BARRY ADAMS, STATE JOURNAL Brian Baldis, director of product development for Mongoose, walks past a mural in the Pacific Cycle's headquarters on Hammersley Road in Madison.  Buy Now BARRY ADAMS, STATE JOURNAL Dave Duecker, vice president of product for Madison-based Pacific Cycle, shows off the 2018 version of the Mongoose Boot'r. Improvements to the bike this year include a revamped dual suspension system and lighter components. The 2017 version retails for about $2,900. Buy Now BARRY ADAMS, STATE JOURNAL A line of Mongoose helmets are displayed at Pacific Cycle in Madison, which acquired the Mongoose brand in 2000. Buy Now BARRY ADAMS, STATE JOURNAL The Mongoose Boot'r features a dual suspension and a single front sprocket for simplicity and less weight. Pacific Cycle to showcase 2018 Mongoose models and Madison to an international audience BARRY ADAMS badams@madison.com May 28, 2017 0 Buy Now BARRY ADAMS, STATE JOURNAL Brain Baldis, director of product development for Mongoose, shows off a three-pound aluminum frame that will be used in BMX bikes in 2018 at Pacific Cycle's Madison headquarters. The company is preparing for an event next month unveiling the 2018 line of Mongoose bikes for dealers, distributors and an international contingent of mountain and BMX bike media.   When the newest line of Mongoose bicycles is unveiled next month by Madison-based Pacific Cycle, it won’t happen in a trade show in a tricked-out convention hall in California, Utah or Germany. Instead, global retailers and distributors, niche media and some of the world-class athletes who ride the brand will converge on Madison for a taste of the culture that plays a role in the design and development of the dirt-focused line of bikes. There will be group rides on the winding and undulating trails at Blue Mound State Park, spins around the Madtown BMX Track in DeForest and guided rides on one of the best public bike trail systems in the country. Attendees will explore the city, the region’s dining and craft beer scene and take tours of Pacific Cycle’s Hammersley Road headquarters, adjacent to the Southwest Commuter Path’s bridge over the Beltline. +5  Buy Now Brian Baldis, director of product development for Mongoose, walks past a mural in the Pacific Cycle's headquarters on Hammersley Road in Madison.  BARRY ADAMS, STATE JOURNAL In other words, a fully immersive Madison experience. “We have an opportunity to bring the focus back to Mongoose, hold it here in the building, showcase what Pacific Cycle brings to the development of the products that our customers are buying and bring the media in,” said Brian Baldis, director of product development for Mongoose. “They can really tie it back to the essence and the emotion of the brand once they come here.’” International exposure Pacific Cycle’s Mongoose line ranges from $79 children’s bikes that can be purchased at Wal-Mart, Target and Toys “R” Us to high-end models that sell at specialized bike shops and online for more than $3,000. In fact, the company has nearly 200 models with 100 more variations. The brand and sales showcase event, from June 8 to 10, will focus on bikes that range from $150 and up. Industry media invited to the event include representatives from Mountain Bike Magazine, BikeRumor.com, SingleTracks.com, PinkBike.com, BMX News and Montenbaik.com, a Chilean based website. “They have a lot of reach to Argentina, Mexico and Spain as well, as far as their site traffic is concerned,” said Steve Wilcox, sports marketing manager for Mongoose. “The majority of these are mountain-focused, which is amazing, really, because it’s a sub-segment of bicycling. It’s very specific, very particular.” Pacific Cycle is a house of brands that also includes Schwinn, purchased out of bankruptcy in 2001; InStep, a bicycle trailer company; and Kid Trax, a line of battery-powered ride-on toys for young children. +5  Buy Now A line of Mongoose helmets are displayed at Pacific Cycle in Madison, which acquired the Mongoose brand in 2000. BARRY ADAMS, STATE JOURNAL Mongoose was founded in 1974 in Simi Valley, California, and is one of the staples at Pacific Cycle, which acquired the Mongoose brand in 2000 with the purchase of Brunswick’s bicycle division. Pacific Cycle was founded in 1977 by Chris Hornung in a small space at Felland and Burke roads just east of High Crossing Boulevard on Madison’s Far East Side. The company later moved to McFarland and by 1999 had 24 employees and gross revenues topping $100 million. The company moved to its current home in 2000 and soon spent $2.2 million expanding and renovating the former television and radio studio space. In early 2004, the company, then with more than $325 million in annual sales, was sold to Dorel Industries, a Canadian company that sells baby strollers, car seats, furniture and other products. The Dorel sports division includes the Pacific Cycle brands plus Caloi, one of the largest bicycle brands in Latin America; and the GT and Cannondale bike lines. +5  Buy Now Dave Duecker, vice president of product for Madison-based Pacific Cycle, shows off the 2018 version of the Mongoose Boot'r. Improvements to the bike this year include a revamped dual suspension system and lighter components. The 2017 version retails for about $2,900. BARRY ADAMS, STATE JOURNAL Mongoose bikes are manufactured on contract in Asia, primarily in China. Pacific Cycle has 450 employees, about 100 of those at its Madison headquarters. The remainder work at four distribution centers — in Illinois, Georgia and two in California. “What makes Mongoose so unique is that we’re an extremely accessible brand and we make a really good bike at a number of price points,” said Dave Duecker, Pacific Cycle’s vice president of product. “If we can catch them young and catch them early and they have a great experience, we have a whole line of products that they can grow with.” The dirt experience Key changes to the 2018 Mongoose line include revamping the company’s dual-suspension bikes with lighter components, designs to improve performance and a new look with revised graphics. The BMX race category has been expanded from four to eight models thanks to more exposure from its debut in the 2008 Olympics and an increase of more organized racing leagues and events for youth. “The sport has taken to how parents like to put their kids in those kind of formatted sports, versus freestyle, which is still the bulk of the BMX marketplace,” Baldis said. “Racing is seeing some uptick because it has a time, location, adult supervision and feels very much like Little League in that way. It’s been great for youths getting back on bikes in that way.” +5  Buy Now The Mongoose Boot'r features a dual suspension and a single front sprocket for simplicity and less weight. BARRY ADAMS, STATE JOURNAL During a tour of the Pacific Cycle headquarters, Baldis showed off a new race frame for 2018 that uses hydro-formed aluminum and weighs about three pounds. The frame is used on BMX bikes that sell for between $230 and $250. The facility also includes a fitness studio, indoor employee bike racks, a locker room with showers and a tech center where bikes are fine-tuned. Table tennis in the warehouse is popular during breaks, while some employees head out for lunch-hour rides. Madison design hub In the company’s design and development center, an open-style office is filled with vintage bikes and prototypes, and developers and graphic designers using computers to come up with the next and best new products. Electric bikes are not part of the company’s portfolio, at least not yet. “We believe it’s a growing category and we are looking into that category and trying to determine the best routes in how to get into it. It’s a market that’s out there and growing throughout the U.S.,” Duecker said. “I think it’s in the future for every company out there.” +5  Buy Now Matt Prest, a senior product manager for Mongoose, gives a final review of 2018 bike designs at Pacific Cycle in Madison. The company, which also owns the Schwinn brand, employs about 100 people in Madison and 350 others at four distribution centers around the country.  BARRY ADAMS, STATE JOURNAL Matt Prest, a senior product manager for Mongoose, has been designing bikes for 15 years, six of those at Trek in Waterloo. Last week he was putting the finishing touches on 2018 designs for a downhill bike and a cross country bike, thinking about 2019 and contemplating his work out to 2025. When he first got into the industry, there was more physical construction in developing designs, but now much of it is contained to a computer until the latter stages. “You did a lot more prototypes, a lot more welding, which increased the lead time,” Prest said. “We’ve really reduced the amount of lead time and mistakes, and that helps us get a better product faster.” Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Bicycle Commerce Economics Marketing Company Gross Revenue Matt Prest Dorel Industries Line Of Products Product × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: Coulee Bank plans to expand into Holmen Creekside Grill & Pub opens in former Fieldhouse location Gasterland to succeed Sturm as Coulee Bank CEO next spring Local officials are optimistic about summer tourism season Convenience store Dawa agrees to change name after Wawa suit Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide Bike Trail Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Main Menu Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Business 25 Days of Black Biz Living Inspiration Entertainment All Access Politics Obama 44 Sports Opinion Video True Story Follow Us Search Miss Black Texas claims officer wrongfully arrested her in fit of road rage by thegrio | May 28, 2017 at 10:41 AM Filed in: News (Facebook/Commerce Police Department) There are conflicting accounts of what happened when the 2016 Miss Black Texas was arrested on Saturday. Carmen Ponder, a 23-year-old pre-law student at Texas A&M University-Commerce originally though the man who was involved in a “road rage” incident with her was Chief Kerry Crews but she now says she may have gotten that identification wrong. This, according to her attorney. Many of her statements do not line up with statements given by Crews who has been put on routine paid administrative leave while a third party investigation is conducted by Fort Worth law firm Lynn Ross & Gannaway. According to reports, Crews had been shopping at Wal-Mart when he saw two motorists in a dispute in the parking lot. One of the motorists “failed to comply with [Crews] requests.” That person was then arrested for “evading arrest or detention.” Ponder shared a very different story on Twitter. According to her, she was driving when she was cut off by a black truck that had been driving erratically. She thought the driver might be impaired so she signaled and drove past into the stores parking lot. — Video appears to show Texas officer striking teenage girl —  She says the man then followed her into the parking lot and began to yell profanities at her. Ponder says the man stated he was teaching his 14-year-old how to drive and she should not have driven around them. Ponder said it was illegal for a 14-year-old to drive and continued to walk towards the Wal-Mart. That was when she heard him say, “Oh whatever, you black [expletive].” According to her, when she exited the store she was approached by a plainclothes officer who flashed his badge and said the man she got into the altercation with was his chief and she needed to apologize. She said no and began to walk towards her car when the cop grabbed her arm and told her she was being detained. At this point, she called 911. When more officers arrived, they were told by the first one that she had been evading arrest. She was held for 24 hours and charged with that crime. Her lawyers are requesting all charges be dropped and for those involved to be punished appropriately. @MeritLaw pic.twitter.com/LeHyS9JwHM — Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 24, 2017 Related Posts Papa John’s employees accused of selling cocaine out of pizza boxes Oakland teen sexually abused by officers set to receive $1M settlement Woman talks 30 parishioners into beating gay church member to expel his ‘demons’ Father killed after he tries to break up fight at kindergarten graduation party Did Maxine Waters really “shove” a reporter? Pastor blames racist campus murder on the teaching of evolution Post navigation Previous Previous post: Uber CEO’s mother killed in boating accident Next Next post: Eric Trump: Russia controversy is a ‘total hoax’ Get news in your inbox TheGrio Favorites Worst NFL players who won the Heisman Trophy 15 richest NBA players of all time The 25 Most Influential Black American Leaders of All Time The top 10 greatest black quarterbacks of all time Infamous celebrity mugshots 15 films that hurt black America Papa John’s employees accused of selling cocaine out of pizza boxes Oakland teen sexually abused by officers set to receive $1M settlement Woman talks 30 parishioners into beating gay church member to expel his ‘demons’ Father killed after he tries to break up fight at kindergarten graduation party Did Maxine Waters really “shove” a reporter? Pastor blames racist campus murder on the teaching of evolution Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Terms of Service Privacy Policy About Intern with theGrio Advertise with TheGrio How to pitch to theGrio Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Politics Living Video Inspire Health Entertainment News Terms of Service Privacy Policy About Intern with theGrio Advertise with TheGrio How to pitch to theGrio ©2017 Entertainment Studios LLC Powered by PressHarbor.com theGrio Proudly powered by WordPress Theme: TheGrio Theme Prod (nbcthegrio).
GoSearch Replay: News at 11 News 3 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WTKR.com Menu News Good News Health Taking Action Sports Coast Live Contests Team 3 Events WGNT Traffic Weather 72° 72° Low 71° High 88° Mon 68° 82° Tue 63° 79° Wed 61° 75° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Utah woman locked kids in trunk while she shopped, police say Posted 9:52 am, May 28, 2017, by CNN Wire, Updated at 09:55AM, May 28, 2017 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email A woman is facing child abuse charges after she locked her two children in the trunk of her car while she shopped at a Walmart in Utah, police say. Tori Lee Castillo, 39, is facing child abuse allegations after she locked her two children in the trunk of her car while she shopped at a Walmart in Utah. Tori Lee Castillo, 39, was arrested after she returned to the car. Her children, ages 2 and 5, were taken by the Division of Child and Family Services and handed over to a responsible party, Riverdale City Police Department said in a statement. Police said they received a call Thursday after a witness saw the woman stuff the children in the trunk and leave her car at a parking lot. “The small children … began making noise and moving frantically, causing the vehicle to shake,” police said. “Several good Samaritans observed this and came to the aid of the children.” Bystanders coached the 5-year-old on how to open the trunk using the emergency latch in it, authorities say. Charity Maw told CNN affiliate KTVX that she was in the parking lot when she heard pounding from inside the trunk. When the children were finally freed, they were crying, she said. “I was shocked, I was shaken, and I was mad,” Maw told the affiliate. “And there’s two kids there, tears coming down their face. Bawling. They were scared.” A witness told CNN affiliate KSTU that when the woman returned to the car, she told them that her babysitter didn’t show up. Trademark and Copyright 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. Filed in: News Topics: Child abuse, Utah Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email The News 3 App Center Get the latest news and live radar on your phone! Popular Citizens in one Virginia town warned to boil water indefinitely Man dies after swimming with new tattoo NASA postpones early light show from rocket launch at NASA Wallops Local police departments warn card holders of skimmers on ATMs and gas pumps Latest News First Warning Forecast: Tracking showers and storms to start your work week Former dog owner says she warned FHRC of pit bull’s aggression before it killed a 91-year-old woman ODU Football brings out top-tier schools for College Exposure camp Man stabbed after verbal altercation in Virginia Beach News Watch the moment a kidnapped woman makes her big escape News Woman arrested after toddler left in car shoots out window News Child drove car while mom streamed it on Facebook News After surviving ex’s attack, woman discovers he was living in her attic ‘for some time’ News Portsmouth child abduction suspect turns herself in News Police find toddler locked in cage, 1-day-old baby left alone at Pennsylvania home News Kidnapped woman reveals how she used insulin pump to escape trunk News Couple accused of giving ‘chilling pills’ to 3-year-old who died of overdose News Police: Drunk Newport News grandma found holding child on sidewalk News Woman demanded to be injected with heroin or meth during labor, police say News Tortured boy told social worker of abuse 2 years before parents killed him News Only on 3: Portsmouth mom charged in AMBER Alert scare speaks from jail News Woman charged after listing boy, 14, as father of her unborn child Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App WTKR Weather Android App WTKR Weather iPhone App Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 720 Boush Street, Norfolk, VA 23510 • Copyright © 2017, WTKR • A Dreamcatcher station operated by Tribune Broadcasting • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Tech Apple Science Cars Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 WWDC 2017 E3 2017 Prime Day 2017     Best Memorial Day 2017 Deals And Sales Posted: May 28 2017, 5:15am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News   Photo Credit: Getty Images   Memorial Day sales are not comparable to Black Friday, but there are a number of sales available today at retailers online and in stores. Updated. Memorial Day weekend is in full swing. This is yet another holiday that retailers are adopting for sales events. The actual Memorial Day 2017 is on Monday May 29.  Don't Miss: Find Rare Products in Stock Online with The Tracker Memorial Day sales are not comparable to Black Friday sales, but there are deals out there. We have looked through our list of major Black Friday retailers and find the best Memorial Day 2017 sales. Online retailers have started to kicked off the full blown Memorial Day 2017 sales. Follow the links to find out the best Memorial Day deals offered by Best Buy, Target and Walmart. The latter is still holding back the full blown Memorial day sale. The Walmart Memorial Day 2017 sale will only be running on Monday. At Amazon, the Memorial Day 2017 sale is as usual not as big of a deal. The retailer is taking this sale not seriously and there are only a few deals that are Memorial Day themed featured in Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry. Amazon continues to offer discounts on Amazon devices. The best deals are on the new Amazon Show and the Echo.  The Amazon Prime Day 2017 will be the next huge sales day on Amazon. The retailer created a sales day out of thin air last year for the first time that matched deals offered on Black Friday.  Find below the details and best deal picks for each of the major retailers we identified offering great deals on tech. Best Buy Memorial Day 2017 Sale Sam's Club Memorial Day 2017 Sale Walmart Memorial Day 2017 Sale Target Memorial Day 2017 Sale Find also the best Memorial Day 2017 TV deals. Shoppers who want to find a Nintendo Switch on Memorial Day weekend have limited options. Refer to our latest Nintendo Switch availability report for the details on where to find the popular video game console in stock. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Nintendo Switch Available for Purchase at GameStop in Five New Bundles 1 day ago, 4:09am CDT ‘WatchBox by Govberg’ App a Timely Father’s Day Find 2 days ago, 8:02pm CDT Killer Instinct Devs Release New Action Game Extinction Trailer 2 days ago, 10:47am CDT Xbox Game Pass Now Available for All Xbox One Owners 2 days ago, 8:22am CDT Nintendo Switch Online Services are Free until 2018 2 days ago, 5:40am CDT Top Science Stories of the Week 3 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 8 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 10 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 10 hours ago, 11:58am CDT iOS 10.3.1 Jailbreak august release finalized for iPhone 7, iPhone 6, iPad Air and iPad Mini 10 hours ago, 11:53am CDT Popular and useful iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks for you 10 hours ago, 11:51am CDT Rare Corpse Flowers Bloomed in Chicago 13 hours ago, 8:34am CDT Curiosity Rover Finds Ancient Mars Lake was Able to Support Diverse Microbial Life 19 hours ago, 3:10am CDT UNESCO Seriously Concerned over the World’s Largest Coral Reef System Die-off 1 day ago, 1:53pm CDT New Unique Material can lead to Unbreakable Smartphones 1 day ago, 5:39am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News Nintendo Switch is Playable after 1,000 feet Drop WWDC 2017 Could be Huge   Nintendo Switch: The Tracker App Had Its First Big Run Lego Nasa Apollo Saturn V Set in Stock on Amazon Technology News Nintendo Switch Available for Purchase at GameStop in Five New Bundles 1 day ago, 4:09am CDT ‘WatchBox by Govberg’ App a Timely Father’s Day Find 2 days ago, 8:02pm CDT Killer Instinct Devs Release New Action Game Extinction Trailer 2 days ago, 10:47am CDT Xbox Game Pass Now Available for All Xbox One Owners 2 days ago, 8:22am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Top Science Stories of the Week 3 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 8 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 10 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 10 hours ago, 11:58am CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Breaking News U.S.+ Crime + JusticeEnergy + EnvironmentExtreme WeatherSpace + Science U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentTechStyleTravelSportsVideoVRLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica State Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z CNNVR How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram Utah woman locked kids in trunk while she shopped, police say By Faith Karimi, CNN Updated 8:39 AM ET, Sun May 28, 2017 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. JUST WATCHED Police: Woman locked kids in trunk Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH (10 Videos) Police: Woman locked kids in trunk Widow learns details of death, 13 years later Gunmen fire at Christian bus, 26 dead Police, family dispute facts in teen's arrest 3 teens arrested in killing of boy, 6 Woman jumps on car hood as thief drives Three home invaders killed at residence Storm chasers killed chasing tornado Woman falls off bridge taking selfie Escalator reverses, shoppers tumble Story highlights The children ages 2 and 5 made noises and moved frantically Bystanders instructed one of them to open emergency latch (CNN)A woman is facing child abuse charges after she locked her two children in the trunk of her car while she shopped at a Walmart in Utah, police say. Tori Lee Castillo, 39, was arrested after she returned to the car. Her children, ages 2 and 5, were taken by the Division of Child and Family Services and handed over to a responsible party, Riverdale City Police Department said in a statement. Police said they received a call Thursday after a witness saw the woman stuff the children in the trunk and leave her car at a parking lot. "The small children ... began making noise and moving frantically, causing the vehicle to shake," police said. "Several good Samaritans observed this and came to the aid of the children." Bystanders coached the 5-year-old on how to open the trunk using the emergency latch in it, authorities say. Read More Charity Maw told CNN affiliate KTVX that she was in the parking lot when she heard pounding from inside the trunk. When the children were finally freed, they were crying, she said. "I was shocked, I was shaken, and I was mad," Maw told the affiliate. "And there's two kids there, tears coming down their face. Bawling. They were scared." A witness told CNN affiliate KSTU that when the woman returned to the car, she told them that her babysitter didn't show up. CNN's Joe Sutton contributed to this report Content by LendingTree Mortgage rates just plummeted. Lock in now! Veterans hit the jackpot in 2017 Crush your debt by refinancing to a 15 year fixed loan Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Rates now at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) Do you qualify? Paid Partner Content Consumers rush to jaw-dropping savings rates Bankrate $55 & up: Greater Fort Lauderdale summer stays, save 30% Travelzoo Mark Cuban predicts world's first trillionaire The Motley Fool Hidden hotspots in NYC that only locals know Time Lifestyle Buffett reveals big bet on Apple as rumors swirl The Motley Fool Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica State Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z CNNVR How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Crime Stories» Child Killer's Brother Is Murdered in Family Home Lawyer Guilty in $600M Scam Is Suddenly Missing Girl, 16, Accused of Murdering Her Uber Driver Girl Missing 33 Years Tweets via Sheriff's Account UK Arrests 12 in London Bridge Attack Philippine Cops: Casino Attacker Was Indebted Gambler Police Say Papa John's Had More Than Pizza in Its Boxes Sect Members to Be Tried for Trying to Expel 'Gay Demons' Gunman in Casino Attack to Guests: 'Get Out! Get Out!' Dad Killed Over Fight Between Kids at Kindergarten Party Penn State Sex Abuse Scandal Sends 3 More to Jail WVa's Residents Are Taking ODs Into Their Own Hands Crime / child abuse Go to Grid|Next Story Utah Mom Stuffed Kids in Trunk While Shopping: Cops Tori Lee Castillo is facing child abuse charges By Polly Davis Doig,  Newser Staff Posted May 28, 2017 7:08 AM CDT 109 comments Comments This Thursday, May 25, 2017 booking photo shows Tori Lee Castillo, 39. The Utah woman was arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in her car's trunk while she went inside a Wal-Mart to shop.   (Weber County Sheriff's Office via AP)This Thursday, May 25, 2017 booking photo shows Tori Lee Castillo, 39. The Utah woman was arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in her car's trunk while she went inside a Wal-Mart...   (Weber County Sheriff's Office via AP) (Newser) – A 39-year-old woman in Utah is facing child abuse charges in what witnesses are describing as an appalling incident: Tori Lee Castillo is accused of locking her two children, ages 2 and 5, in the trunk of her car while she left to shop at a local Walmart. The Riverdale City Police Department got a call Thursday after a witness reported seeing Castillo put her kids in the trunk. "The small children ... began making noise and moving frantically, causing the vehicle to shake," Utah police tell CNN. "Several good Samaritans observed this and came to the aid of the children." Those good Samaritans coached the 5-year-old on how to open the trunk using an emergency latch. "I was shocked, I was shaken, and I was mad," a witness tells CNN. "And there's two kids there, tears coming down their face. Bawling. They were scared." Castillo was arrested after returning to her car, per the AP.   My Take on This Story Report a story error Show results without voting  |   4% Hilarious 1% Intriguing 47% Depressing 2% Brilliant 32% Scary 14% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 109 comments You Might Like Sponsored by ZergNet Next on Newser: Tenant Heard Tale of Missing Woman, Started to Dig Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 109 comments David Gervais May 29, 2017 10:07 PM CDT I am tired of people saying people like this are mentally ill and need help. She is ignorant and probably has a pretty low IQ which is becoming an epidemic. She is probably on social assistance. There are millions of her. They are out-breeding intelligent people and being supported by social programs to do so. Only God can help their children. Most will grow up to follow in their parent's footsteps. Kasey Greene May 29, 2017 4:05 PM CDT Whew, at least she's white.... Imagine the lawsuits & backlashes of "racism" if she had been blaq . . . Sammirah Meowski May 29, 2017 12:42 PM CDT Make sure that trailer trash never gets those kids back. Disgusting. View all 109 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser Ted Nugent: Don't Compare Me to Kathy Griffin 1 Londoners Fought Back With Bottles, Chairs During Attack 2 Teen Fatally Shoots Girlfriend; No Charges Are Expected 3 Man Fights City Hall by Releasing 100 Live Bedbugs 4 Police Say Papa John's Had More Than Pizza in Its Boxes 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Teacher Is Accused of Video-Taping Students in Disgusting Acts of Perversion The Weather Channel Trolls Trump's Decision to Pull Out of Climate Agreement Enter to Win a Trip to LA! Bill Cosby Is Reportedly Living in Constant Fear Ahead of His Upcoming Trial Clumsy Waitress Was Arrested for What She Dropped in a Police Officer's Drink This Is Trump’s Most Unpopular Tweet From the Past Year, According to Science How Drug Dealers Get Caught, as Told by a Police Officer Partner Links AROUND THE WEB Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners ‘Celebrate Israel’ Parade Marches Through Midtown; Cuomo Honors Shimon Peres ISIS Claims Responsibility As Investigators Work To Learn More About London... NYPD Officer Undergoes Surgery After Being Dragged By Car In Brooklyn Go to CBS Local How a Klutzy Chef Created a Cult Confection Meet Chicago's Teenage Lyricist Who Could Rival Solange Berlin's Hot Spot That Will Keep You Up Until Dawn Go to Ozy Remember when John Michael Montgomery made country fans everywhere swoon After twelve years, this infamous teacher-student marriage is coming to an end After President Trump said he was elected to represent the voters of... Go to Rare You Need To See The Emotional End To Ariana Grande’s Manchester Concert Ariana Grande And Miley Cyrus Sang A Duet At Manchester And Gave Fans All The... Ariana Grande & Mac Miller Are Couple Goals After Manchester Performance Go to Elite Daily Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, June 04, 2017, 11:17 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / BUSINESS PEOPLE Northwest Arkansas This article was published May 28, 2017 at 1:00 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Bob Crafton of Springdale received the University of Arkansas, Fayetteville College of Engineering’s hall of fame award during the April 29 annual banquet in Fayetteville. Crafton received a civil engineering degree from the university in 1957. He and Lem Tull founded Crafton Tull in 1963. Crafton retired in 2000. He is a member of the Arkansas Higher Education Coordinating Board and the Good Roads Transportation Council; is a founding member of the Arkansas Academy of Civil Engineering and was named a distinguished alumnus of the College of Engineering in 2007. This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Wal-Mart tests Scan and Go app Sam's Club shows off brand reinvention Business news in brief On the Agenda BUSINESS PEOPLE Northwest Arkansas INCORPORATIONS On the Agenda Business news in brief BUSINESS PEOPLE Northwest Arkansas Comments on: BUSINESS PEOPLE Northwest Arkansas To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 'Executive privilege' to quiet Comey called an option (29 comments) Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (31 comments) 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack (6 comments) Pulled from reality (4 comments) 2 leaders affirm climate pledges (2 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (35 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts £9.50 Hols Superdays News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Election 2017 Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All News All News UK News World News Politics Opinion CHILD ABUSE PROBE Mum arrested after ‘locking her children aged two and five in the boot of her car while she went shopping at Walmart’ Witnesses told cops the trapped children began 'moving frantically, causing the vehicle to shake' By Maryse Godden 28th May 2017, 12:10 pm Updated: 28th May 2017, 1:27 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) A MUM has been arrested after allegedly leaving her young children in the boot of a car while she went shopping. Tori Castillo, 39, is accused of locking her kids, ages two and five, in the back of her vehicle before popping into Walmart in Riverdale, Utah. AP:Associated Press 2 Tori Castillo allegedly locked her two children in the boot of her car Officers arrived at the scene after they were called to a report of child neglect. Witnesses told police the children began “moving frantically, causing the vehicle to shake” before “several good Samaritans observed this and came to their aid”, Gephardt Daily reported. One of the witnesses guided the five-year-old to pull the emergency latch to release the door and the children were then freed. Google 2 The children were spotted outside Walmart in Riverdale Recalling the incident, Heidi, an eyewitness, told Fox 13: “I could hear some kids crying. I turned to my friend and I’m like, ‘There’s people in this trunk. There’s kids in this trunk!'” She said when the boot was finally opened, the children were scared and sweating from the heat. Heidi added: “It was kind of heartbreaking to see that somebody could do something so cruel.” Most read in news TRAGIC TOT Newborn baby girl dies after trainee midwife mistakenly monitors MUM'S heart rate instead of the child's seconds from slaughter ISIS claims responsibility for London Bridge terror attack as chilling video shows jihadi killers stalking pubs looking for revellers to slaughter in deadly rampage DODGING DEATH Tourist reveals he survived London Bridge terror attack by 'ducking and weaving' after being stabbed in the neck 'OLIVIA WOULDN'T WANT US TO CRY' Ariana Grande pays tribute to Manchester terror victim Olivia Campbell, 15, in front of 50,000 defiant fans before emotional performance with schoolgirl, 12 BRAINWASHED ON YOUTUBE? Ex-Tube worker and Arsenal-supporting family man 'Abz' who tried to radicalise young kids in park 'watched extremist YouTube videos' before London Bridge rampage 'SHE HAD ROOM IN HER HEART FOR EVERYONE' First picture of 'beautiful and loving' Canadian charity worker killed in London Bridge terror attack after moving to Europe to be with her fiancé When the mother returned, she was interviewed by police before being arrested. Castillo faces four counts of child abuse with physical injury and one charge of theft. The Division of Child and Family Services were contacted and the children were put into the care of a responsible party. Florida man filmed walking down busy road carrying a baby while 'high on MDMA' We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 The Sun Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Most Popular TRAGIC TOT Newborn baby girl dies after trainee midwife mistakenly monitors MUM'S heart rate instead of the child's News seconds from slaughter ISIS claims responsibility for London Bridge terror attack as chilling video shows jihadi killers stalking pubs looking for revellers to slaughter in deadly rampage News DODGING DEATH Tourist reveals he survived London Bridge terror attack by 'ducking and weaving' after being stabbed in the neck News 'OLIVIA WOULDN'T WANT US TO CRY' Ariana Grande pays tribute to Manchester terror victim Olivia Campbell, 15, in front of 50,000 defiant fans before emotional performance with schoolgirl, 12 News Revealed BRAINWASHED ON YOUTUBE? Ex-Tube worker and Arsenal-supporting family man 'Abz' who tried to radicalise young kids in park 'watched extremist YouTube videos' before London Bridge rampage News body makeover Alex Reid drops ten per cent of his body fat to take part in a bodybuilding competition TV & Showbiz GRANDE GESTURE Ariana Grande changed whole Manchester One Love set list for fan who passed away TV & Showbiz Pictured 'SHE HAD ROOM IN HER HEART FOR EVERYONE' First picture of 'beautiful and loving' Canadian charity worker killed in London Bridge terror attack after moving to Europe to be with her fiancé News ‘THE WOLVES HAVE AWAKENED’ Sick ISIS thugs celebrate London Bridge terror rampage and call for more attacks News Comment DOUGLAS MURRAY Never mind singing John Lennon songs... if we want peace then we need one thing - less Islam News Exclusive holiday reading Antonio Conte is spending summer break poring over Chelsea player data... to avoid repeat of Jose Mourinho's disastrous title defence Football BOUNCER'S BRAVE CHARGE Doorman 'saved countless lives' by pelting jihadis with bottles, glasses and bar stools and driving them into gun cops' sights News DEAD MEN WALKING London Bridge attack killers filmed striding calmly through market ‘like outlaws from a Western’ News Exclusive this gnawing Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield furious after plagues of mice and moths invade This Morning set TV & Showbiz Gossip In the Vic of time Manchester United to confirm £30million signing of Benfica youngster Victor Lindelof next week Football Just Published Breaking TERROR IN DAGENHAM Gunfire heard in Dagenham as armed cops and police helicopter swoop on 'terror suspect' News FEARS FOR MISSING SPANIARD Spanish HSBC worker, 39, who confronted London bridge attacker as he stabbed woman near Borough Market is still missing News Revealed BRAINWASHED ON YOUTUBE? Ex-Tube worker and Arsenal-supporting family man 'Abz' who tried to radicalise young kids in park 'watched extremist YouTube videos' before London Bridge rampage News THE SUN SAYS Your choice is clear - a PM who will root out extremists or one who has made a career cheering them on News Video 'BRITISH SPIRIT CAPTURED IN SIX SECONDS' Heartwarming moment uniformed cop melts hearts by dancing with young fans at Manchester tribute concert in wake of terror attacks News TOO SOON? Jeremy Corbyn attacks PM over terror and police cuts accusing her of trying to protect Brits on the cheap News Moaner's booze gaffe Dozy motorist who followed a cop to a police station to complain about his driving is arrested for being over booze limit News MEW DUNNIT? Police hunt weirdo serial cat shaver who's targeted as many as TEN Ginger moggies around Tonbridge News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
× Thank you for Reading. Please log in, or sign up for a new account and purchase a subscription to continue reading. Please purchase a subscription to continue reading. Your current subscription does not provide access to this content. Sign Up Log In Purchase a Subscription × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Local Crime Community Economy E-edition Education Environment Health National/World Special Reports Multimedia Submit News Sports Local National Submit a Score Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Columnists Op-ed Out & About Movie Listings Local Arts Calendar ELF Obituaries Publications Subscriptions Classifieds Place an Ad Merchandise Yard Sales Autos Homes Jobs ( on kscareerfinder.com ) Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 55° Overcast Keene, NH (03431) Today Rain showers in the morning becoming more intermittent in the afternoon. Thunder possible. High 57F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 40%.. Tonight Considerable cloudiness with occasional rain showers. Low 48F. Winds ENE at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 60%. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 11:56 pm Full Forecast We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit news Toggle navigation Home News Local Crime Community Economy E-edition Education Environment Health National/World Special Reports Multimedia Submit News Sports Local National Submit a Score Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Columnists Op-ed Out & About Movie Listings Local Arts Calendar ELF Obituaries Publications Subscriptions Classifieds Place an Ad Merchandise Yard Sales Autos Homes Jobs ( on kscareerfinder.com ) Close 1 of 2 Courtesy photos Courtesy photos The group from The Compass School in Westminster, Vt., makes a stop in front of the memorial to Camilo Cienfuegos in the Plaza de la Revolucion in Havana recently. Below, a Cuban band performs on the street. Courtesy A Cuban band performs on the street. top story Trip of a lifetime: Compass School juniors travel to Cuba by Isaac Stein Sentinel Staff May 28, 2017 (…) Courtesy photos Courtesy photos Courtesy A Cuban band performs on the street. A s summer’s gearing up, many of us are thinking about warm sun and the ocean. But what if you could add The Malecón, ’50s cars, hiking, street food and a cultural experience that just recently opened up to Americans? Then you’d be like the 14 juniors at The Compass School in Westminster, Vt., who journeyed to Cuba late last month for the 11th grade’s annual class trip, which ran for 10 days. While an exhaustive list of what they did could go on for pages, the students explored Old Havana and Old Trinidad, visited the Museum of the Revolution in Havana, hiked and cliff-jumped in Parque el Cubano (a park in Trinidad, Cuba, that’s renowned for picturesque waterfalls) and stayed with host families in multiple Cuban towns. To Olivia Veale, 16, of Springfield, Vt., one memorable time was when she was staying with woman in her 50s or 60s in Trinidad, and the two carried on a conversation about politics, entirely in Spanish. Olivia paraphrased the woman as saying that while she didn’t particularly care for Raul Castro’s current government (as compared to Fidel Castro), she generally preferred socialism over capitalism as an economic system. Rick Gordon, the director of the grade 7-12 independent school in Vermont, accompanied the students to Cuba and added that he also was able to converse frankly about politics with the Cubans he met. “(I met) a barber who said, ‘The Castros? They’re crooks!’ ” Gordon said, adding that his impression was that the Cuban government allows citizens “to do and say whatever you want … until you can’t.” Gordon also said that roughly two-thirds of the people he spoke to about the issue believe Raul Castro is going to keep his promise to step down as president of Cuba in 2018, but the word on the street was “most people said it doesn’t matter who’s the head (of the government); the system is never going to change.” But perhaps political cynicism doesn’t mean apathy. Elijah Alexander, 16, of Claremont remarked that he was impressed with “how happy the people were there,” even when they didn’t have much in the way of personal belongings, and suggested that Cuban culture values family and personal happiness over material success. Elijah added that he was surprised that the Museum of the Revolution preserved revolution-era bullet holes in the building, saying he thinks “The Smithsonian probably wouldn’t keep bullet holes in the wall.” For his part, Gordon elaborated on his observations about the scarcity of goods in Cuba; for instance, he went to a dry goods market in Havana that had less than 50 items — and some of them weren’t complementary. For instance, one could leave a Cuban market with “a can of tomatoes, a pair of underwear and a match.” He also noted that the school fundraises to make the trip possible for all of its students, many of whom come from low-income families. As for where The Compass School juniors head next, only time and a vote among the next crop of 11th-graders will tell. “Water, water everywhere/nor any drop to drink,” goes the The Rime of the Ancient Mariner. But when you think about quantities of water, are you as creative as Anna DuMond, 9? If one inch of rain fell on Keene, she noted, the runoff from the Wal-Mart parking lot alone would be able to fill a bathtub more than 4,000 times. Anna, a 4th-grader at Wheelock School in Keene, took first place in the 2017 New Hampshire Fourth Grade Water Science Fair, which coincided with the state Drinking Water Festival on May 10. It was held at the Recreation Center on Washington Street in Keene, and organized by the N.H. Drinking Water Coalition, which includes members Aaron Costa and Eric Swope, both of Keene’s Public Works Department. For context, 4th-graders at all Keene elementary schools participated in the science fair, as well as 4th-graders from Harrisville, Marlborough, Manchester and Westmoreland. Keene and Manchester also held city fairs with the top few projects from each of the schools; students like Anna had to place at those events, which were held in April, Swope said. Swope also said he’s always impressed at the level of complexity of the student projects, and added a few water-related jests in a news release about the event. “Though we were celebrating all things water, we also celebrated that the skies did NOT open up and douse us with the water that had been the weather pattern during the preceding days,” Swope wrote. Back to Anna’s project: She demonstrated how an aquifer works and also explained the environmental impact of runoff and impervious surfaces. For example, she explained, pavement, unlike gravel, is impervious, which means water can’t pass through. The effect is that the runoff (and pollutants) transfer quickly to nearby bodies of water. Anna’s presentation certainly impressed the judges, though she was also humble in victory. She expressed appreciation for her friend Maia Chretien’s project on osmosis; Maia, of Symonds School, took fourth place. Colleen Brophy, Anna’s mom, added that when she saw the other projects, she was impressed with their quality, realizing “it’s anybody’s game here.” As for Anna, she’s getting back to her studies. She said that her class’s science unit, which discussed surface tension and cohesion, has been completed, and they’re “studying Egypt now.” In a previous Quick Studies column, we featured the Extended Learning Opportunities (ELO) program at Hinsdale High School. Earlier this month, students in the program demonstrated what they learned this year as part of a school-wide event. On Wednesday, they’ll be giving back to their ELO supervisor, or mentor, during the Mentor Recognition Dinner, a catered event at the school, according to Karen Thompson, Hinsdale’s extended learning coordinator. An ELO can, for example, take the form of an internship, an apprenticeship or independent study, according to the N.H. Department of Education website. While she was certainly excited for the students’ learning demonstrations, Thompson said she’s also looking forward to the dinner. “Each student spends time thanking their mentors for their learning experience and shares how the experience has helped shape their lives. It is my favorite night of the year,” Thompson said. In the near future, local college students will be able to converse with international scholars on topics of Holocaust and genocide studies. Keene State College is welcoming international genocide scholars to campus as part of a joint initiative with the Auschwitz Institute for Peace and Reconciliation. Keene State hosts the Cohen Center for Holocaust and Genocide Studies and also offers a bachelor’s degree in Holocaust and Genocide Studies. Every fall semester, starting with this upcoming one, Keene State will host one fellow as part of the program. As part of the arrangement, the visiting scholar will live on campus, have a meal plan, and is eligible to enroll in two full classes (and audit as many as they like), all with a full waiver of tuition and fees. The first scholar to arrive in Keene as part of the program is Hikmet Karcic, a Ph.D. candidate at the International University of Sarajevo, Bosnia-Herzegovina, and a researcher at the Institute for Islamic Tradition of Bosniaks. His research focuses on mass atrocities that have occurred in the Balkans, especially those committed during the Bosnian War (1992-95), according to a news release from the college. Bosniaks are a Muslim-majority nation and ethnic group that live mostly in Bosnia-Herzegovina; during the Bosnian War, which occurred during the breakup of the former Yugoslavia, they were targeted for genocide by units of the Bosnian Serb Army of Republika Srpska. Isaac Stein can be reached at 352-1234, extension 1435, or Istein@keenesentinel.com. Follow him on Twitter @ISteinKS Contact Isaac Email him at istein@keenesentinel.com Latest e-Edition Keene Sentinel To view our latest e-Edition click the image on the left. Connect with Us sentinelsource.com 60 West Street Keene, NH 03431 Phone: 603-352-1234 Email: webmaster@keenesentinel.com Services Login About Us Contact Us Advertising Rates Place an Ad Subscription Services Submit News Sections The Keene Sentinel News Sports Opinion Out & About Obituaries Publications Subscriptions Classifieds © Copyright 2017 SentinelSource.com, 60 West Street Keene, NH | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
NorthEscambia.com News for Molino, Bratt, Walnut Hill McDavid, Century & Cantonment     Home News Events Features Blog Sports About Contact Advertise Free Classifieds | Obituaries | Latest Headlines Alligator Sightings Close Krul Lake To Swimming Northview High School Class Of 2017 Graduates Winning $78K Fantasy Five Ticket Sold In Century NOAA: Above-Normal Hurricane Season This Year Ag Department Data Breach: Social Security Numbers, Concealed Weapons Info Stolen UF/IFAS: How To Freeze Strawberries Gandy Scholarship Winners Announced Florida Gov’t Weekly Roundup: The Ripple Effect Wahoos Top Mississippi Braves 4-2 To Take Series Video: Replay School Graduations Florida Gov’t Weekly Roundup: The Ripple Effect May 28, 2017 The end of the legislative session each spring is rarely the end of the story. The ripples from the fall of the final gavel keep traveling for weeks, either in the form of bills that make their way to the governor’s desk, or things left undone. Both of those kinds of consequences led to disappointment or confusion in two substance-related industries that backers paint as trying to move forward. Big-box retailers that supported the right to sell liquor alongside groceries saw their efforts rebuffed by Gov. Rick Scott, who vetoed a hard-fought measure aimed at tearing down the state’s “liquor wall.” Meanwhile, disputes continued over the state’s medical-marijuana market, a reminder that the system of nurseries is just as much of a business as corner drug stores, even if the legal footing for the latter is firmer in the eyes of federal officials. And with plenty of uncertainty about just how final the Legislature’s decision on the state’s annual spending plan will be, one departing state official announced he would stay on the job a bit longer — even as the churn of agency heads continued. POUR ONE OUT FOR THE LIQUOR WALL BILL After hours of debate and House approval that rested on a dubious one-vote margin, there was no final victory toast for those who supported getting rid of a decades-old law requiring hard spirits to be sold in separate facilities from groceries and other retail goods. Scott might be a Republican, but he saw no reason to tear down this wall. In typical Scott fashion, he attributed the decision to one thing: jobs, and specifically those that small-business owners said would be lost if the bill was approved. The veto was a victory for independent liquor-store owners, ABC Fine Wine & Spirits and Publix Super Markets, which fought the bill during the legislative session that ended May 8. “I carefully reviewed this bill and I have met with stakeholders on both sides,” Scott said. “I listened closely to what they had to say and I understand that both positions have merit. Nevertheless, I have heard concerns as to how this bill could affect many small businesses across Florida. I was a small business owner and many locally owned businesses have told me how this bill will impact their families and their ability to create jobs.” Left to cry in their beers — which, along with wine, can already be sold in big-box stores — were supporters of the proposal (SB 106) like Target, Costco and Walmart. They had banked on a free-market and convenience argument that came up short, even as the bill got closer to becoming law than it has in earlier attempts. “We have made tremendous progress in the last four years, and there is a clear momentum in Florida for this common-sense approach to liquor sales,” said Michael Williams, a spokesman for the group Floridians for Fair Business Practices, which supported the repeal. “While Governor Scott ultimately chose to veto Senate Bill 106, we look forward to working with state leaders in the future to finally put an end to this outdated, Prohibition-era law.” It was Scott’s first veto of the year, but if the Tallahassee rumor and speculation mill is to be believed, it probably won’t be his last. The governor also gave approval to some big-ticket or even medium-sized items this week. He signed a tax-cut package that was much smaller than the one he requested but includes some consumer-friendly items like tax-free holidays for back-to-school shopping and hurricane gear and a repeal of the “tampon tax.” “Since I’ve been in office, I’ve fought to cut taxes and reduce burdensome regulations to help boost Florida’s economy and ensure our children and grandchildren have the opportunity to succeed in our great state,” Scott said in a prepared statement. “Every time we cut taxes, we are encouraging businesses of all sizes to create opportunities for families across the state, and more money is put back in taxpayers’ pockets.” The savings are projected to reach $180 million over two years due to some permanent cuts. Scott had requested $618.4 million in cuts before the legislative session, and an initial House package approached $300 million. But the package was scaled back substantially as the House and Senate negotiated a budget for the fiscal year that starts July 1. Business groups also got some goodies, including a reduction in the commercial lease tax from 6 percent to 5.8 percent. That’s projected to save businesses $25.4 million next fiscal year, with that total growing to $61 million when the cut is in effect for a full year. Business groups have long argued that the state should repeal the tax, and Scott had asked for the lease tax to be dropped to 4.5 percent. “The most significant steps are often the first ones we take on an issue, and this cut opens the door for future reductions of this burdensome tax,” said Maria Wells, Florida Realtors president, in a release following the signing of the tax-cut package. Scott also signed a bill establishing state criminal charges for engaging in or supporting terrorism or terrorist activities that result in death or injuries, and legislation authorizing the payment of $3.75 million in the child-abuse case that resulted in the death of Nubia Barahona. Lawmakers said the Florida Department of Children and Families failed to prevent abuse of Nubia and her twin brother, Victor. Nubia Barahona’s decomposing body was found in February 2011 in the bed of her adoptive father’s pickup truck. Victor Barahona was convulsing in the truck, as both children had been doused with toxic chemicals, authorities said. MONEY-JUANA Lawmakers might not have passed a measure during the session to implement the constitutional amendment allowing full-fledged medical marijuana that voters approved last year, but the nascent ganja industry keeps rolling. In a long-awaited decision, an administrative law judge Tuesday called for the state to issue two new licenses to medical marijuana operators, saying competing businesses — which lost out to another operator selected by Florida health officials in 2015 — were virtually tied. Administrative Law Judge John Van Laningham’s recommended order came months after a hearing in the matter and long after he decided that the winning licensee, Alpha Foliage, known as Surterra Therapeutics, should have been ineligible to apply for a license because of changes in ownership. Van Laningham’s order could boost from seven to nine the number of operators licensed by the state to grow, process and distribute marijuana and derivative products to patients. Licenses have been awarded in five different regions of the state. On Tuesday, Van Laningham recommended that the Department of Health issue new licenses to Tornello Landscape, also known as “3 Boys Farm,” and Plants of Ruskin. The two nurseries, both based in Ruskin, challenged health officials’ decision to issue a “dispensing organization” license in the Southwest Florida region to Surterra. Under administrative law, Van Laningham’s recommended order will have to go back to the department for final action. If the agency decides not to authorize two licenses, then 3 Boys should win because it received the highest score, “if only by a mathematically insignificant margin,” Van Laningham wrote. Whether the agency will issue two new licenses is questionable; state officials have maintained in the past that current state law restricts the Department of Health to granting only one new license in each of the state’s five regions, based on administrative or court rulings. The challenges are rooted in a 2014 law that initially called for one license to be awarded in each region of the state for nurseries to grow, process and distribute medical marijuana. That law allowed limited types of non-euphoric cannabis for some patients and was expanded last year to allow full-strength pot for people who are terminally ill. But the already coveted licenses are even more desirable after the passage in November of a constitutional amendment that legalized medical marijuana for a broad swath of patients with debilitating conditions. Under every scenario envisioned thus far, the current license holders will automatically be eligible to grow and sell pot products for an exponentially larger patient base in Florida, which experts predict could quickly become one of the nation’s biggest markets. SOMEONE OLD, SOMEONE NEW Departing Chief Financial Officer Jeff Atwater knows what he’s going to do next. When he’s going to do it is still up in the air. When he originally announced that he would step down to take a job at Florida Atlantic University, Atwater said he would leave at the end of the legislative session, which came on May 8. The week before that, he released a farewell letter. But Atwater said this week he’s waiting until action on the budget wraps up. “We had a responsibility, when we said to finish session, maybe I should have been more clear about that, that all the work is completed, and not put it in the hands of someone who will be coming in for just a couple of days, to try to learn the systems and get it uploaded to start the fiscal year,” Atwater said. “Hopefully, it comes in for a landing soon.” Atwater said Florida Atlantic University officials are “being very patient” and made clear he expects to switch jobs before the start of the school year. “Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes, absolutely,” he said. Atwater was on hand for the meeting Tuesday of Scott and the Cabinet, where Noah Valenstein was named as Florida’s next environmental secretary. Valenstein, a former Scott aide who is executive director of the Suwannee River Water Management District, will take over at the Department of Environmental Protection on June 5. Unlike most agency heads who answer only to the governor, the secretary of the Department of Environmental Protection falls under Scott and the Cabinet. Valenstein said after the meeting he wants to bring the “philosophy I’ve had at Suwannee River” to the state department. “The issues are the same everywhere,” said Valenstein, who grew up in Alachua County. “All Floridians care about the environment, it’s the underpinning of what makes the state such a great place to live.” Environmental groups, who haven’t always seen eye-to-eye with Scott and other Republicans, seemed optimistic. Anna Upton, outside general counsel for the Everglades Foundation, said she expects Valenstein to do well because of his background with environmental law and the inner workings of state agencies. “He understands that people come to the state of Florida for our beaches, for our springs, for our national parks, our state parks, and of course the Everglades,” Upton said. STORY OF THE WEEK: Gov. Rick Scott vetoed hard-fought legislation that would have torn down the state’s “liquor wall,” a defeat for retailers that had hoped to sell hard spirits alongside groceries and other goods. QUOTE OF THE WEEK: “Walmart has a competitive edge. They buy in such large quantities, that there is no way the person with two or three liquor stores can compete with them price-wise.”— Mike Doolan, a manager at Market Square Liquors in Tallahassee, arguing against the “liquor wall” repeal. by Brandon Larrabee, The News Service of Florida Comments Name (required) Email Address (will not be published) (required) Website (enter your own site, if any; not northescambia.com) Your Comments: Have a comment on this story? We welcome your comments on this story, but there are some rules to follow:: (1) Be Nice. No comments that slander another, no racism, no sexism, no personal attacks. (2) No Harrassing Comments. If someone says something bad about you, don't respond. That's childish. (3) No Libel. That's saying something is not true about someone. Don't do it. (4) Keep it clean. Nothing vulgar, obscene or sexually related. No profanity or obvious substitutions. Period. (5) NorthEscambia.com reserves the right to remove any comments that violate our rules or we think to be inappropriate. We are not responsible for what is posted. Comments may not appear right away until they are approved by a moderator. (6) Limit your comments to the subject in this story only, and limit comments to 300 words or less. Do not post copyrighted material. Comments will not be added to stories that are over 30 days old. (7) No posts may advertise a commercial business or political group, or link to another commercial web site or political site of any kind. Written by William · Filed Under News    Copyright © 2007-2017 NorthEscambia.com · P.O. Box 105 · Walnut Hill, FL 32568 · All Rights Reserved.
Utah woman locked kids in trunk while she shopped, police say - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Utah woman locked kids in trunk while she shopped, police say Posted: Sunday, May 28, 2017 4:10 AM EDT Updated: Sunday, May 28, 2017 9:10 AM EDT Tori Lee Castillo, 39, is facing child abuse allegations after she locked her two children in the trunk of her car while she shopped at a Walmart in Utah. By Faith Karimi CNN (CNN) -- A woman is facing child abuse allegations after she locked her two children in the trunk of her car while she shopped at a Walmart in Utah, police say. Tori Lee Castillo, 39, was arrested after she returned to the car. Her children, ages 2 and 5, were taken by the Division of Child and Family Services and handed over to a responsible party, Riverdale City Police Department said in a statement. Police said they received a call Thursday after a witness saw the woman stuff the children in the trunk and leave her car at a parking lot. "The small children ... began making noise and moving frantically, causing the vehicle to shake," police said. "Several good Samaritans observed this and came to the aid of the children." Bystanders instructed the 5-year-old on how to open the trunk using the emergency latch in it, authorities say. Charity Maw told CNN affiliate KTVX that she was in the parking lot when she heard pounding from inside the trunk. When the children were finally freed, they were crying, she said. "I was shocked, I was shaken, and I was mad," Maw told the affiliate. "And there's two kids there, tears coming down their face. Bawling. They were scared." CNN's Joe Sutton contributed to this report TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, June 04, 2017, 11:17 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / From shelves to facility: Pair build a food pantry By Cary Jenkins This article was published May 28, 2017 at 2:39 a.m. PHOTO BY CARY JENKINS Part of the charm of New Hope Outreach Food Pantry is the home-like atmosphere created with the help of volunteers including the fireplace behind Tim and Linda Jordan. In addition to it being a place for clients to wait, the space has been used for community programs including movie night and a community Christmas. Comments aAFont Size When Tim and Linda Jordan were given the Arkansas Hunger Relief Alliance’s Out Against Hunger Award a few years ago, the nomination letter by Lynn Sud... Point Cedar is a tiny community -- not much more than a spot in the road -- in Hot Spring County. An aging population, lack of jobs and a stagnant local economy have had an impact on the area. When Tim and Linda Jordan were given the Arkansas Hunger Relief Alliance’s Out Against Hunger Award a few years ago, the nomination letter by Lynn Sud... This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: From shelves to facility: Pair build a food pantry Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Lip sync battle boosts heart health Local notes Ask a Master Gardener Francis Clark Trim From shelves to facility: Pair build a food p... Red letter day She was smitten from his first swig of her so... Pleats make subtle comeback to redress lanky-... Villains with heart Comments on: From shelves to facility: Pair build a food pantry To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 'Executive privilege' to quiet Comey called an option (29 comments) Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (31 comments) 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack (6 comments) Pulled from reality (4 comments) 2 leaders affirm climate pledges (2 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (35 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
St George News 91 103/71 Mon 100/71 Tue 100/71 Police: Woman locks her kids in trunk while shopping at Wal-Mart Written by Joseph Witham May 27, 2017 Stock image, St. George News ST. GEORGE — A 39-year-old woman was arrested in Riverdale, Utah, after she allegedly locked her two young children in the trunk of her car while she went inside a Wal-Mart store to shop. Witnesses heard the children ages 2 and 5 making noise and saw the car shaking, got the older child to pull the emergency latch and called 911, Riverdale Police said. The woman, Tori Lee Castillo, was jailed on suspicion of child abuse after being arrested Thursday evening when she returned to the car. The state child welfare was contacted and the children were turned over to a responsible party, Riverdale Police Lt. Casey Warren said. Read more: What to do if you spot people, pets inside a deadly hot car Castillo was charged with four counts of child abuse and held on $4,000 bond. She was also charged with one count of retail theft. This report is based on preliminary information provided by law enforcement and may not contain the full scope of findings. Persons arrested or charged are presumed innocent until found guilty in a court of law or as otherwise decided by a trier-of-fact. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Email: jwitham@stgnews.com Twitter: @STGnews Copyright St. George News, SaintGeorgeUtah.com LLC, 2017, all rights reserved. Related Stories Baby left in hot car for 2.5 hours flown to hospital in critical condition 13 What to do if you spot people, pets inside a deadly hot car 12 Death of Texas autistic child in hot car raises national toll to 15 for 2015 2 New car seat design helps prevent children from being left in hot cars 8 Free News Delivery by Email Would you like to have the day's news stories delivered right to your inbox every evening? Enter your email below to start! About the Author Joseph Witham is a Utah Valley University graduate with a bachelor's degree in communication. He loves the Utah outdoors scene and is likely to be found camping or hiking in any one of the state's epic landscapes on a given weekend. He is equally passionate about writing and was published in various news media, including The Daily Herald in Utah County, before joining St. George News. Posted in Local, NewsTagged cedar city, child abuse, child left in car, Class C misdemeanor, kids in trunk, Riverdale, Tori Lee Castillo, Wal-Mart, Weber County Sheriff's Office 2 Comments 42214 May 28, 2017 at 8:06 pm Log in to Reply The bad part of the story is she should not have locked the kids in the trunk, the good news is there were 2 less scraming kids raising cane in Walmart disrupting the peace and quiet of innocent shoppers. Now go ahead and pile on using your secret monikers like Voice of Reason but you gotta admit I make a good point. SteveSGU May 29, 2017 at 3:17 pm Log in to Reply Children locked in like that can die. D-E-A-D. Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. New   See Local Sale Circulars St George News Facebook Google+ Twitter Youtube Subscribe to RSS Submit News Advertise With Us Contact Us Employment About Us | Archives | Editorial Policy | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Copyright © 2010 - 2017 StGeorgeUtah.com LLC, all rights reserved News Sports Local Experts Coupons Arrests Obituaries Autos Classifieds No Filter Calendar Dining Movies Jobs Hotels Golf News Menu News Series Arrests Obituaries Events Lifestyle Health and Wellness Opinion / Shows Sports Announcements Local National Business Financial Politics Utah Legislature 2017 General Election 2016 St. George Crashes Series Days Series Road Respect Series Zion National Park Traffic Jam Series Thanksgiving Arrests Most Wanted Arts & Entertainment Events Explore Health & Wellness Health and Wellness Directory Education Home and Garden Health and Wellness Articles Local Experts Health and Wellness Directory Columnists Letters to the Editor No Filter Show TGIF Show Film Fanatics Sponsored Content Top Sports Stories DSU Region 9 Round Table Red Storm Round Table St. George News Live Video High School Sports Dixie High Desert Hills Pine View Snow Canyon Hurricane Enterprise Dixie Rebels Submit Your Own See All Announcements Anniversaries Animals Arts and Entertainment Books Business Community service Education, achievement Events Fundraisers Garage Sales and such Health Jobs Politics Meet Ups Military Announcements Religious Scholarships and grants School functions Shopping Sports and Recreation Weddings Writers Sports Menu Top Sports Stories Live / Sports Video High School Stats DSU Dixie High Desert Hills Pine View Snow Canyon Hurricane Enterprise Dixie Rebels Region 9 Round Table Red Storm Round Table Local Experts Menu Ask a Local Expert Coupons Menu Weekly Sale Circulars Local Coupons Arrests Menu Recent Arrests Most Wanted Obituaries Menu View Obituaries Autos Menu Auto Classifieds Classifieds Menu Classifieds Autos Jobs Outdoors and Sporting Pets and Livestock Recreational Vehicles Yard Sales Submissions New Classified New Auto No-Filter Menu The No Filter Show Calendar Menu Upcoming Events Submit Event Dining Menu Dining Movies Menu All Theaters Pineview Stadium 10 St George Stadium 8 Main Street Jobs Menu Jobs Hotels Menu Area Lodging Golf Menu Golf In St George Utah X Free News Delivery by Email Would you like to have the day's news stories delivered right to your inbox every evening? Enter your email below to start! No Thanks
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 74° F Clear Wind NE at 2 MPH Pressure 1008 MB Dewpoint 35° F Visibility 9 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE Blotter, May 28, 2017 By Staff Sunday, May 28, 2017 Authorities seek suspect in stolen debit card case Crime Stoppers of Mesa County hopes someone recognizes a man accused of using a stolen debit card last year. On Nov. 30, 2016, video cameras at Walmart, 2881 North Ave., caught a man entering a victim’s debit card number to purchase items. He’s described as having long dark hair, and wearing glasses and a blue button-up long-sleeve shirt. Total estimated property loss is more than $800. Anyone with information is asked to call 241-7867. Tips can be left anonymously, and could lead to a reward if an arrest is made in the case. More information can be found at 241STOP.com.   According to the Mesa County Sheriff’s Office: ■ Someone stole property from the 500 block of 32 1/2 Road on May 1. ■ Deputies took a report of theft in the 2800 block of Caboose Avenue on Tuesday.   According to the Garfield County Sheriff’s Office: ■ Abran Gutierrez, 21, Rifle, is accused of drug possession and distribution on Wednesday. COMMENTS TOP JOBS Business Manager Canyon Fuel Company, LLCSufco MineCanyon Fuel Company ... Middle School Science Teacher Middle School ScienceTeacher – New Castle, CO - Teach 5t... Dental Assistant position available for General Dental practice. Competitive wage and ... Sports Officials The City of Fruita Parks &Recreation Department isseeking applicants... Delivery Route BUSINESS OPPORTUNITYWould you like to deliver newspapersa... Water Plant Operator Level B Water Plant OperatorLevel "B"Sought for City of Rifle Utilities D... Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2017 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 79° Full Menu 79° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:07 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 6.5 Pause 1:12 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 6.4 1:31 Miracle League hosts Baseball and Beyond event 1:41 Participants dance at Baseball and Beyond with the Miracle League 1:13 New Horry County Racepath Community Center months away, but leaders not giving up hope 0:12 Police respond to possible shooting in Myrtle Beach 1:01 Local shelter struggles to care for large intake of kittens 1:16 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 5.31 1:26 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 5.30 1:01 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 5.29 Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Traffic could barely move on Kings Highway as locals and tourists were aggravated with the traffic patterns and the loop created for Memorial Weekend Bikefest on Saturday. Janet Blackmon Morgan jblackmon@thesunnews.com Traffic could barely move on Kings Highway as locals and tourists were aggravated with the traffic patterns and the loop created for Memorial Weekend Bikefest on Saturday. Janet Blackmon Morgan jblackmon@thesunnews.com Local May 27, 2017 11:23 PM Side streets take drivers nowhere on Kings Highway, Ocean Boulevard By Emily Weaver eweaver@thesunnews.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Traffic was jamming on South Kings Highway on Saturday with passengers of cars, souped-up mo-peds and tricked-out motorcycles dancing to tunes as they crept northward at a snail’s pace. It took Cindy Goodwin’s neighbor an hour and 17 minutes to make a two-block trek to Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market at 17th Avenue South and Kings Highway, Goodwin said outside her 15th Avenue apartment. Goodwin made the same journey in 30 minutes, she said, but only because she avoided Kings Highway by navigating alleyways and parking lots. “I’ve never seen it like this — ever,” Goodwin said. “And it’s going to be like this until Monday!” The heavy traffic congestion on the northbound lanes of South Kings Highway was compounded by the one-way only traffic on Ocean Boulevard and the closure of most side streets leading to it along with a barricaded Yaupon Avenue. Bikers and motorists in attempts to escape the slow-to-no-go traffic on Kings Highway ventured down the side streets anyway, only to be turned around. “All these cars and motorcycles will come zipping down here, thinking they’re going to get on Ocean Boulevard, they get to that little hill right there and they all turn around,” Goodwin said. The southbound-only traffic on the boulevard and the metal barricades, blocking street accesses, were up Friday and will remain up through Monday, adding to congestion through the weekend. “People that have brought their families down here for vacation, Memorial holiday, they’ll never come back,” Goodwin said. Tru Legendz, a club of bikers out of Fayetteville, N.C., rolled into a parking garage of a south-end hotel around 7 p.m., gearing up for a night of vacation fun. But the roadway congestion and the nightly 23-mile traffic loop puts a damper on the good times, they said. “The loop is kind of killing the fun for us,” said Kenneth Maxson, who’s been making the annual trek to Myrtle Beach with the 4-year-old club for two years now. “I understand they’re trying to control the traffic and make sure the locals are not stuck out in traffic and everything, but for us, if we get caught in the loop and we’re trying to get back here, it takes anywhere from three to four hours just to get back here because there’s so much traffic and so much congestion.” And stalled traffic is bad news for a motorcycle’s engine. “It’s not good for the bikes because the engines start running hot. If you let it run too hot, it will blow your engine,” Maxson said. “So what we usually do, once we hear our fans kick on, we’ll just cut the whole bike off and then we have to walk it down whatever road we’re on … until it cools down or until it opens up fast enough for us to get air to the engine.” Maxson says his club does a lot of community service projects and that Tru Legendz comes to Myrtle Beach to have a good time and mingle with other bikers. They don’t come to cause drama, he said. “I know some people come out here and cause trouble, but I think the people that’s coming out here to have a good time, we shouldn’t be punished for the troublemakers,” Maxson said. “It feels like that’s what they’re doing. They’re punishing everybody for the actions of a few.” Traffic-inspired headaches exist for visitors and residents alike. But some passengers made the most of it, jamming on tunes in the traffic jam, hours before the loop would bring more delays. Kings Highway is at a standstill in Myrtle Beach for the annual Memorial Day Bikefest on Saturday. Janet Blackmon Morgan jblackmon@thesunnews.com Kings Highway is at a standstill in Myrtle Beach for the annual Memorial Day Bikefest on Saturday. Janet Blackmon Morgan jblackmon@thesunnews.com Folks fill empty parking lots for a break from the Kings Highway traffic in Myrtle Beach for the annual Memorial Day Bikefest on Saturday. Janet Blackmon Morgan jblackmon@thesunnews.com 1 of 3 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:07 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 6.5 Pause 1:12 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 6.4 1:31 Miracle League hosts Baseball and Beyond event 1:41 Participants dance at Baseball and Beyond with the Miracle League 1:13 New Horry County Racepath Community Center months away, but leaders not giving up hope 0:12 Police respond to possible shooting in Myrtle Beach 1:01 Local shelter struggles to care for large intake of kittens 1:16 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 5.31 1:26 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 5.30 1:01 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 5.29 Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 6.5 1:07 2 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 6.5 1:12 a day ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 6.4 1:31 2 days ago Miracle League hosts Baseball and Beyond event View More Video Local Myrtle Beach weather forecast for June 5 Police found them sleeping in a car at the landing. They also found a mobile meth lab They were waiting to begin work when a man ran up to them with a gun, they said Surveillance footage shows burglar sneaking in for lobsters and liquor Police investigating possible meth lab in car at landing Local Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 04:19 GMT, Jun 05, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More Qatar kicked out of Saudi-led coalition bombing Yemen over alleged support for ISIS & Al-Qaeda HomeAmerica Woman locked kids in car trunk and went shopping – police Published time: 28 May, 2017 03:12 Edited time: 28 May, 2017 08:27 Get short URL © Robyn Beck / AFP A woman in Utah has been arrested on suspicion of child abuse after witnesses reported to police that she locked her two kids in her car’s trunk at a Walmart parking lot and went shopping. Tori Lee Castillo, 39, was arrested Thursday evening in a suspected case of child abuse, AP reports citing the Riverdale Police Department. Eyewitnesses told officers that the woman locked her two children – aged 2 and 5 – in the trunk of her car before going to the local Walmart to shop. They heard the kids scratching and making other noises inside the car and guided them to reach for an emergency latch to free themselves. Police: Utah woman locked her kids in trunk while she shopped https://t.co/c3hKBRu7M4— Supra1BqTeam (@supra1Bqteam) May 27, 2017 The police were called to the scene and arrested the careless woman on her return to the parking lot. She remains in custody while her children have been taken away by social workers and handed over to a responsible party. The reasons behind the woman’s actions remained unknown. READ MORE: Baby rescued from boiling hot car as mother auditions at strip club The bizarre incident with a fortunate ending, stands out among many similar cases where parents often “forget” their children and lock them inside their cars, but rarely deliberately put them in the trunk. READ MORE: Israeli baby dies after mother drives her to daycare but forgets her in hot car Besides being a criminal offense in some states, locking children in cars is potentially fatal as they can suffocate or die of heat stroke if the vehicle is left in the sun. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Coolest Gadgets - the ongoing search for the coolest gadget continues... Signup Via RSS Coolest Gadgets on Facebook Coolest Gadgets on Twitter Home Store Categories ▾ Gadget Gift Picker Gift Guides About Apple ▸ iPad Gadgets iPhone Gadgets iPod Gadgets Macs Audio/Video Gadgets Bluetooth CES Childrens Gadgets Conceptual Gadgets Cooking Gadgets Cool Clocks Digital Picture Frame DIY Gadgets Drinking Gadgets E-book readers Eco Gadgets Electronic Gadgets Gadget Competitions Gadget Gift Ideas Gadget Humor Gadget of the Week Gadget Reviews Gadget Thumbs Gaming Gadgets Gift Guides GPS gadgets Home Gadgets ▸ Garden Gadgets Home Automation Kitchen Gadgets Home Theater Medical Gadgets Military Gadgets Miscellaneous Gadgets Mobile Phones Office Gadgets PC Gadgets ▸ Software USB Gadgets Pet Gadgets Photography Remote Control Retro Gadgets Robot Gadgets Senior Living Site News Solar Powered Gear Sports ▸ Biking Gadgets Fitness Gadgets Football Gadgets Golf Gadgets Spy Stuff Tablets Tech News Toys ▸ Remote Control Toys Travel Gadgets Vehicle Gadgets Wacky Gadgets Wearable Technology Subscribe to Newsletter Audio/Video Gadgets JLab Audio wireless earbuds collection expands by Edwin - on May 29th, 2017 We are all about living out the wireless lifestyle these days, and it is almost unthinkable not to have a working Wi-Fi network in the vicinity at a decent working speed whenever we are at a hipster cafe or at a public area. Well, wireless does not only extend to just having a Wi-Fi network, there are also wireless connections that allow you to hook up a camera with your computer for easy data transfer, and for sporting enthusiasts as well as the more active minded, to be able to enjoy music without getting all riled up by a tangled mess. JLab Audio has just announced an expansion of its wireless earbuds collection that will now arrive with Bluetooth connectivity. Placing a strong emphasis on great fit as well as audio delivery across its whole Bluetooth collection, the three new products that will join the wireless earbuds collection are the $24.99 JBuds Pro Bluetooth, the $29.99 Metal Bluetooth and the $39.99 Fit 2.0 Bluetooth. You can find them at Walmart, Best Buy, Dick’s Sporting Goods and other retailers, or online at jlabaudio.com. Regardless of which particular model that you decide on, all of them will boast of a strong Bluetooth 4.1 connection alongside a 6-hour battery life that should be able to cater for just about any kind of day-to-day activity without missing a beat. It will also be able to offer consumers with an easy wireless experience, as the in-line remote is located on the right side so that the user can make use of all the controls in a jiffy. You can play, pause, track change, and adjust the volume accordingly. There is also an integrated microphone that allows you to receive or reject calls with just a click. Since it has also been designed to keep your fitness goals in motion, each earbud will feature an IP55 dust and sweatproof rating, delivering all day comfort. All models will boast of additional gel eartips, Cush Fins (on the Pro and Wired), or Memory Wire on the Fit2.0. Press Release Related Posts Rapoo delivers new Bluetooth 4.0 portable speakers with NFC technology JLab Audio reveals a pair of wireless sport earbuds for the active Facebook Twitter Google Tumblr Email Pocket Pinterest « iMCO Technology reveals CoBand K4 fitness tracker The Knog Oi Bicycle Bell politely moves pedestrians from your path » Write a review or comment Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website You may use <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> in your comment. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Top Categories Apple Childrens Gadgets DIY Gadgets Electronic Gadgets Home Automation Home Gadgets iPad Gadgets iPhone Gadgets Kitchen Gadgets Office Gadgets PC Gadgets Spy Stuff Toys Vehicle Gadgets Latest Posts MSI offers new gaming notebooks at Computex 2017 Scosche MagicMount Dash/Vent offers a magnetic mobile device mount option Elgato reveals Eve Degree temperature and humidity monitor The Multi-Functional Dog Shower – Life doesn't have to be ruff The Visu-Temp gives you the perfect shower every morning The Knog Oi Bicycle Bell politely moves pedestrians from your path JLab Audio wireless earbuds collection expands iMCO Technology reveals CoBand K4 fitness tracker Follow @CoolestGadgets Subscribe to Newsletter Cool Gadgets Contact Us About Gadget Gifts Submit News Gift Picker Privacy Copyright 2005-2017 Coolest-Gadgets.com, all rights reserved Powered by Wordpress Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sign in or Subscribe See Offers News News Home Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine’s Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Home High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Community Opinion Opinion Home Letters to the Editor Lifestyle Sustainable Living Things To Do In Maine Obituaries Pressherald.com Mainetoday.com Events Classified Real Estate Local Offers Jobs Purchase Photos Public Notices Puzzles Sudoku Crossword e-Editions Newsletters My Account Support Home Delivery Help FAQ Reader Services Contact Us Subscribe Advertise Special Sections Open Centralmaine Home Menu News News Protesters face off in Oregon in wake of anti-Muslim tirade that led to 2 killings More Headlines Islamic State group claims responsibility for deadly London attack Jimmie Johnson extends Dover track record with 11th victory More in News Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine's Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Benintendi belts 2 homers to power Sox past Orioles More Headlines Bridgeway, Winthrop emerge to take high seeds as baseball playoffs near Even at 87, John Neff is one of the Maine Appalachian Trail Club’s most dedicated volunteers More in Sports High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Opinion Opinion Our View: Fully funding education is basis of state budget deal More Headlines Jim Fossel: Trump’s pretty good trip abroad Alan Caron: Now more than ever, Democrats should rally behind Angus King More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Community Community Lakewood Continuing Care welcomes certified nurses’ aide graduates More Headlines Central Maine business briefs Windsor student recognized as Promising Young Writer More in Community Celebrations Obituaries Lifestyle Lifestyle Movie Times More Headlines Add flower power to your plate with hostas TRAVELIN’ MAINE(RS): Ogunquit More in Lifestyle Sustainable Living Food Books Things to do in Maine Sudoku Crossword Local Offers Local Offers Test More Headlines More in Local Offers <div style="display:none;">test</div> Real Estate Real Estate 6 Kennison St., Manchester More Headlines ‘Little’ upgrades can mean a lot to home-buyers Make your back yard an oasis this summer More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Public Notices Jobs Subscriber Log in Welcome Log Out Subscribe   News Posted May 29 Updated May 29 increase font size Morning Sentinel May 29 police log Waterville area police reports for May 29, 2017. Share Comment Read Article IN CANAAN, Sunday at 5:49 p.m., theft was reported on Hinckley Road. 6:12 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Cabin Road. 8:02 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Stoney Park Drive. IN CORNVILLE, Sunday at 10:35 a.m., theft was reported on Molunkus Road. 1:22 p.m., threatening was reported on Huff Road. IN DETROIT, Monday at 3:16 a.m., trespassing was reported on Brann Place. IN EUSTIS, Monday at 10:49 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Flagstaff Road. IN FAIRFIELD, Sunday at 11:41 a.m., theft was reported on Norridgewock Road. 2:17 p.m., a vehicle fire was reported on Valley Farms Road. 5:03 p.m., trespassing was reported on Kennebec Street. 9:19 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Liberty Street. 9:26 p.m., a bail violation was reported on Cashman Street. 9:33 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Hutchins Road. 10:51 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Main Street. IN JAY, Sunday at 9:15 p.m., an assault was reported on Main Street. IN MADISON, Sunday at 11:14 a.m., theft was reported on Old Point Avenue. IN NORRIDGEWOCK, Sunday at 6:51 p.m., an assault was reported on Gilman Drive. IN PITTSFIELD, Sunday at 9:15 a.m., trespassing was reported on Ryan Court. IN SKOWHEGAN, Sunday at 11:46 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Leavitt Street. 2:19 p.m., a disturbance was reported on East Chandler Street. 4:20 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Mill Street. 6 p.m., a disturbance was reported on North Avenue. Monday at 1:41 a.m., an assault was reported on North Avenue. IN WATERVILLE, Sunday at 6:12 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Main Street. 9:32 a.m., theft was reported on Chaplin Street. 10:02 a.m., criminal mischief was reported on Louise Avenue. 10:40 a.m., criminal mischief was reported on Eustis Parkway. 12:13 p.m., theft was reported on King Court. 12:54 p.m., theft was reported on Ticonic Street. 1:46 p.m., a city ordinance violation was reported on Spring Street. 3:19 p.m., shoplifting was reported at Wal-Mart in Waterville Commons. 3:43 p.m., threatening was reported on Silver Street. 4:05 p.m., a drug offense was reported on North Street. 5:04 p.m., a domestic dispute was reported in Waterville Commons. 5:56 p.m., harassment was reported on Halde Street. 8:49 p.m., a domestic dispute was reported at Gray and Water streets. Monday at 2:24 a.m., a car burglary was reported on College Avenue. 3:09 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Roosevelt Avenue. 3:16 a.m., an unwanted person was reported on Elm Street. IN WILTON, Sunday at 12:48 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Main Street. 3:34 p.m., harassment was reported on Cemetery Road. 4:58 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on U.S. Route 2 East. 4:59 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on McLaughlin Road. ARRESTS IN FRANKLIN COUNTY, Monday, Matthew Kerr, 26, of New Sharon, was arrested on a warrant for unpaid fines, as well as a charge of operating a vehicle after a suspension. IN SOMERSET COUNTY, Sunday at 11:09 a.m., Don Michael James, 41, of Pittsfield, was arrested on charges of operating a vehicle after a suspension and violating conditions of release. 7:23 p.m., Brandon Brandy York, 26, of Minot, was arrested on three charges of criminal threatening with a dangerous weapon, as well as charges of assault and criminal mischief. 8:32 p.m., Scott David Frost, 30, of Norridgewock, was arrested on charges of operating a vehicle under the influence and without a license, violating restrictions from prior offenses. 11:17 p.m., Rebekah Lorraine Rodrigue, 25, of Skowhegan, was arrested on two warrants for unpaid fines. SUMMONSES IN WATERVILLE, Sunday at 3:19 p.m., Samantha J. Fitts, 19, of Pittsfield, was issued a summons on a charge of shoplifting. Share Read or Post Comments Send questions/comments to the editors. Want the news vital to Maine? Our daily headlines email is delivered to your inbox each morning. Sign up by entering your email address below. Email* Newsletter Choices* Daily Headlines Breaking News High School Sports * I understand the Terms of Service. This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. Recent Read Shared Protesters face off in Oregon in wake of anti-Muslim tirade that led to 2 killings Islamic State group claims responsibility for deadly London attack Jimmie Johnson extends Dover track record with 11th victory Benintendi belts 2 homers to power Sox past Orioles Pending budget, Maine attorneys are defending the poor for free Augusta City Center closes after angry man unleashes 100 live bedbugs One person dies after Kennedy Memorial Drive crash that sent three to hospital Skowhegan police investigating discovery of body in woods Woman killed, 2 others severely injured in crash on Route 27 in Dresden Police identify man who died in Oakland crash Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret YMCA day care sued after asking mom to breastfeed out of boys’ sight Eagle sickened after feeding on dead animal Feedback from Hallowell residents key to Fire Department vote Augusta City Center closes after angry man unleashes 100 live bedbugs Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
Autos Jobs Real Estate eNewspaper Subscribe Sign In Design Home Local Houston Bayou City History Education Campus Chronicles Hall Pass Texas HC Investigations Narco Confidential Texas Take Transportation Prognosis Planet Texas Neighborhoods The Observation Post Native Texan Obituaries Gray Matters Politics Houston Politics & Policy Texas Politics Texas Take Election 2016 U.S. & World Politics & Policy Politifact Texas Quorum Report US & World US News World News Space Science & Environment Politics & Policy Video Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo & Dash College Sports HS Sports Inside Houston Sports Outdoors More Sports Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Business Energy Real Estate Deal of the Week Outside the Boardroom Houston BizFeed Business People Medical Retail Technology Personal Finance Top Workplaces Chronicle 100 Bloomberg Opinion Editorials Outlook Letters to the Editor Columnists Corrections Arts & Entertainment Books Movies & TV Music, Theater & Fine Arts Rodeo Restaurants & Bars Top 100 Restaurants Comics & Games Flavor Restaurants & Bars Food & Cooking Wine, Beer & Spirits Barbecue Top 100 Restaurants Essays Recipes Lifestyle Escapes Healthy Living Home & Garden Religion & Life Passages Society Style Luxe Life Calle Houston ENewspaper Special Sections 55 Minutes 115: Houston history Chronicle 100 Cold cases Chemical Breakdown: Hidden dangers Denied: Special education in Texas DuPont Investigation HCC Investigation Jailhouse Jeopardy The Million Swamped: Houston-area flooding The Tank: Transgender inmates starting over Texas Sex Offenders Top 100 Restaurants Uncovered: A health care crisis More Special Sections Podcasts Bring It to Jerome Looped In Texas Take: The Podcast Puzzles & Games Newsletters Archive 13 ideas for stylish living in the outdoors Have fun from the patio or the pool By Diane Cowen May 29, 2017 Updated: May 30, 2017 3:42pm Begin Slideshow 14 Photo: CB2, HO Image 1of/14 Caption Close Image 1 of 14 Crate & Barrel's black-and-white, striped sofa makes a bold statement on your patio. $999, cb2.com. Crate & Barrel's black-and-white, striped sofa makes a bold statement on your patio. $999, cb2.com. Photo: CB2, HO Image 2 of 14 Stain your deck with PPGÂs new TIMELESS wood stain and youÂll find yourself with more time to enjoy your outdoor living space. Using advanced penetrating oil technology, the stain will go deeper and actually help the wood withstand seasonal changes. YouÂll restain the wood less often, giving you more time to play. It comes five finishes. $XXX per gallon; at Home Depot stores. less Stain your deck with PPGÂs new TIMELESS wood stain and youÂll find yourself with more time to enjoy your outdoor living space. Using advanced penetrating oil technology, the stain will go deeper and ... more Photo: PPG, Photographer Image 3 of 14 Ant Melamine plates, at Kuhl-Linscomb Ant Melamine plates, at Kuhl-Linscomb Photo: Courtesy Of Kuhl-Linscomb Image 4 of 14 Stainless Steel Ratcheting Pineapple Slicer, $19.95 from LUX Stainless Steel Ratcheting Pineapple Slicer, $19.95 from LUX Photo: Courtesy Image 5 of 14 Swimline Root Beer Mug 74-in Inflatable Pool Float w/ Mini Cooler, $43.99 at JCPenney Swimline Root Beer Mug 74-in Inflatable Pool Float w/ Mini Cooler, $43.99 at JCPenney Photo: Swimline Image 6 of 14 SwimWays makes pool loungers with images of MARVEL comic book characters. $29.99; Toys 'R' Us and amazon.com SwimWays makes pool loungers with images of MARVEL comic book characters. $29.99; Toys 'R' Us and amazon.com Photo: Swimways Image 7 of 14 Banana leaf table runner at Kuhl-Linscomb, 2424 W. Alabama Banana leaf table runner at Kuhl-Linscomb, 2424 W. Alabama Photo: Kuhl-Linscomb Image 8 of 14 Rattan basketUse this 20-inch rattan domed basket by Texture purely for itÂs beauty or for a more functional purpose outdoors. $135-$155; Found, 3433 W. Alabama Rattan basketUse this 20-inch rattan domed basket by Texture purely for itÂs beauty or for a more functional purpose outdoors. $135-$155; Found, 3433 W. Alabama Photo: Don Hoffman Image 9 of 14 Tiki Clean Burn tabletop fire pit﻿ burns without ﻿smoke and soot. Tiki Clean Burn tabletop fire pit﻿ burns without ﻿smoke and soot. Photo: Tiki Image 10 of 14 Tiki Clean Burn tabletop fire pit﻿ burns without ﻿smoke and soot. Tiki Clean Burn tabletop fire pit﻿ burns without ﻿smoke and soot. Photo: Courtesy Of Kuhl-Linscomb Image 11 of 14 UpCart's design makes it easy to navigate sandy areas﻿. UpCart's design makes it easy to navigate sandy areas﻿. Photo: Courtesy Of The Grommet Image 12 of 14 Margate folding screenHand assembled oyster shells and a gold-leafed wooden frame add a little glitz and a lot of fun to any patio or entertaining room. This screen by Currey and Co.Â can divide a room into sections or hide a space you?d like to keep private. $6,180; Design House at the Houston Design Center, 7026 Old Katy Road, Suite 115 less Margate folding screenHand assembled oyster shells and a gold-leafed wooden frame add a little glitz and a lot of fun to any patio or entertaining room. This screen by Currey and Co.Â can divide a room into ... more Photo: Currey And Co. Image 13 of 14 CB2's Loma Navy Lantern elevates the glow of a single pillar candle, $99.95, CB2.com. (CB2) CB2's Loma Navy Lantern elevates the glow of a single pillar candle, $99.95, CB2.com. (CB2) Photo: CB2, HO Image 14 of 14 Crate & Barrel's Acapulco Black Egg Outdoor Chair has midcentury charm, $249, cb2.com. Crate & Barrel's Acapulco Black Egg Outdoor Chair has midcentury charm, $249, cb2.com. Photo: CB2, HO 13 ideas for stylish living in the outdoors 1 / 14 Back to Gallery Summer is almost here. It's time to amp up our time in the backyard and poolside. That means evaluating everything: pool noodles and floats, beach gear, party goods and even a tiki torch or two. Don't wait for your next big party to enjoy every minute of your backyard, whether it's filled with grass and flowers, or pool and patio. Here are 13 ideas to get you started.   1. Striped sofa: Designer Ceci Thompson's black-and-white striped outdoor sofa for CB2 takes you to straight to a cabana on the French Riviera. At the very least, it makes a bold statement on your patio. $999; cb2.com. 2. Midcentury-inspired chair: CB2's Acapulco Black Egg Outdoor Chair has midcentury charm, $249; cb2.com   3. Deck stain: A deck can extend your living space to the great outdoors. PPG's new Timeless wood stain uses penetrating oil technology so the stain goes deeper to help the wood withstand seasonal changes. You'll restain the wood less often, giving you more time to play. It comes in five finishes. $4.98 for 8 ounces, $43.97-$49.97 per gallon, and $126-$129 for 3 gallons; Home Depot stores   Translator To read this article in one of Houston's most-spoken languages, click on the button below. Style Eating and drinking along New Orleans' new restaurant row Five fashion trends to try for a glam Mardi Gras this year For genuine Mardi Gras experience, consider heading to Acadiana Fabulous finds with palm prints for an early spring Uptown Park fashion boutique celebrates 40 years 4. Melamine ant plates: An outdoor lunch on these picnic-style plates comes with a little prank - a few pesky ant images right where your burger ought to be. In sets of four, they're Melamine, so they're washable, reusable and dishwasher safe. $12-$23; Kuhl-Linscomb, 2424 W. Alabama   5. SwimLine pool loungers: Why loll around the pool on just any old float when you can lounge on one that looks like a root beer float? $43.99; JCPenney 6. Spidey splash: SwimWays offers other fun images, like Marvel comic-book characters Ironman, Captain America and Spider-Man. $29.99; Toys 'R' Us and amazon.com   7. Banana-leaf table runner: Jazz up your outdoor table with a clever banana-leaf table runner or matching placemats and napkin rings. The runners are 4 inches wide and 17½ inches long. One might be enough, but buy several and use them to hold a long, lush tablescape. $30; Kuhl-Linscomb, 2424 W. Alabama   8. Bamboo basket: Use this domed bamboo basket by Texture purely for its beauty or for a more functional purpose, such as storing throws or towels. The baskets come in two sizes, 15 inches tall or 19 inches tall. $135-$155; Found, 3433 W. Alabama   9. Tiki tabletop fire pit: An evening on the deck or patio might call for candlelight, but a Tiki Clean Burn tabletop fire pit gives you the warm light you want without the smoke and soot. $19.99; at Target, Wal-Mart, Ace Hardware, Do It Best, Home Depot and Lowes. 10. Pineapple slicer: Bites of fresh-cut pineapple can transport you to a tropical vacation, even if you're sitting in your own backyard. This stainless-steel ratcheting pineapple slicer makes easy work of coring the fruit and creating perfect slices. $19.95; getluxapp.com 11. Acrylic goblets: These 12-ounce Isabella goblets from Juliska's Al Fresco Collection are ideal for everything from lemonade to sangria. They're acrylic, so you can take them outdoors without worrying about breakage. $16 per goblet; Kuhl-Linscomb, 2424 W. Alabama   12. Margate folding screen: Hand-assembled oyster shells and a gold-leafed wooden frame add a little glitz and a lot of fun to any patio or entertaining room. This screen, by Currey and Co., can divide a room into sections or hide a space you'd like to keep private. $6,180; Design House at the Houston Design Center, 7026 Old Katy Road, Suite 115   13. UpCart beach and sport cart: If the beach beckons, use this handy sport cart to carry your things through the sand. Made of aluminum, plastic and ripstop nylon, it has a 40 gallon capacity and allows you to strap folding chairs to its back. $129.95; thegrommet.com Diane Cowen Home Design Writer, Houston Chronicle Houston For a Houston family, the ICE crackdown shatters the good life Business Seafarers' Center downsizes among changing tides Music Austin Mahone talks Drake, Harry Styles, Texas and crazy fans Texans Texans release two and sign free agents Top About Our Company Ad Choices Careers Terms of Use Advertising Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your California Privacy Rights Contact Subscribe eNewspaper Archives Customer Service Frequently Asked Questions Newsroom Contacts Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Google+ Connect © 2017 Hearst Newspapers, LLC.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, June 04, 2017, 11:20 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Latest News / Police: Woman locked her kids in car trunk while she shopped By The Associated Press This article was published May 29, 2017 at 2:06 p.m. Comments (2) aAFont Size PHOTO BY WEBER COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE VIA THE ASSOCIATED PRESS This Thursday, May 25, 2017 booking photo released by the Weber County Sheriff's Office shows Tori Lee Castillo, 39. The Utah woman was arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in her car's trunk while she went inside a Wal-Mart store to shop. Riverdale police say witnesses heard the children ages 2 and 5 making noise and saw the car shaking, got the older child to pull the emergency latch and called 911. Castillo remains jailed on suspicion of child abuse after being arrested Thursday, May 25, 2017, evening when she returned to the car. RIVERDALE, Utah — A 39-year-old Utah woman has been arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in her car's trunk while she went inside a Wal-Mart store to shop. Riverdale police say witnesses heard the children ages 2 and 5 making noise and saw the car shaking, got the older child to pull the emergency latch and called 911. Tori Lee Castillo remains jailed on suspicion of child abuse after being arrested Thursday evening when she returned to the car. Police Lt. Casey Warren says the state child welfare was contacted and the children were turned over to a responsible party. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Latest News Manchester police seek clues in concert bombe... Police: Tiger Woods arrested in Florida on DU... Video shows South African police pelting men ... German biker loses bag of cash, raining bills... Police: Woman locked her kids in car trunk wh... Little Rock home fired on while 2 kids slept ... Shark leaps into boat and lands on Australian... Relative 'devastated' after shooting kills 8 ... The Latest: Trump places wreath at Arlington More Latest News stories > Comments on: Police: Woman locked her kids in car trunk while she shopped To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. Displaying 1 - 2 of 2 total comments TravisBickle says... May 29, 2017 at 6:21 p.m. Meth head. ( permalink | suggest removal ) MsShanLPN2B says... May 29, 2017 at 9:28 p.m. Thug definition right here.... ( permalink | suggest removal ) page 1 To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 'Executive privilege' to quiet Comey called an option (29 comments) Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (31 comments) 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack (6 comments) Pulled from reality (4 comments) 2 leaders affirm climate pledges (2 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (35 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
WATCH LIVE Home News Local News Regional News National News Special Reports Meet the Team Copy Request Story Ideas About WABI Weather Weather E-Weather Stormwatch Ski Report Sports Sports Good Sport Hale's Corner Never Say Never Moment Play of the Week Tournament Reports Copy Request Features All About Maine A Better Place Ask an Officer Bath Salts: Dangers Business & Finance End Student Hunger Healthy Living Honor Roll Submissions Pets Question Of The Day Archives Senior Segments Take This Job and Love It TV5 Kitchen Schedule Programming Home Programming Schedule Events Events Calendar Submit an Event Buy Maine First It's Our Treat UPDATE- Bangor Police Release Photos in Bank Robbery May 28, 20173:33 PM EDT Christopher Brownell Local News, Today's Top Stories Bangor Police continue to investigate a robbery at TD Bank on Stillwater Avenue Sunday afternoon. According to police, a man went into the bank around 12:45 p.m. and demanded cash from the teller. Police released a surveillance photo. He’s described as approximately 5 foot 7 inches tall, thin build, unshaven and around 30-years-old. The man took off towards Wal-Mart. The suspect’s vehicle, pictured to the left, is described as a silver station wagon, possibly a Volvo. Anyone with information is asked to call the Bangor Police tip line at (207)947-7382 ext. 6.   Share this: Facebook Twitter Email ← Person Killed Following UTV Crash in Lowell Over 100 Vendors on Hand for Final Day of Bangor Comic and Toy Con → ADVERTISEMENT Trending Stories UPDATE: York Man Dies after Rafting Accident in West Forks Plantation 2017 Black Fly Festival Held in Milo CDC Confirms Two Mainers Have Rare Deer Tick Virus ADVERTISEMENT We Want to Know: Do you agree with the President's decision to pull the United States out of the Paris Climate Accord? ADVERTISEMENT © 2017 WABI TV5. All Rights Reserved. | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Advertise | Employment Information | FCC Public File | Closed Captioning | Contact Us Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
clock menu more-arrow Photo: NBC /Getty Images The Prepper Obsession With Clothes Gray men are styling for the apocalypse. by Jennings Brown May 29, 2017, 9:32am EDT tweet share pin Many preppers’ interest in survivalism goes back to one post-apocalyptic book or film. For a western Colorado-based outdoor and hunting retail worker who goes by the nom de plume Feature Kreep, it’s The Postman by David Brin. The book takes place in the Pacific Northwest of an America that has been decimated by electromagnetic pulse attacks and bioweapons. In the opening scene, the protagonist’s campsite is ambushed and robbed by bandits. He tries fruitlessly to trade the compass and Swiss army knife attached to his belt for the stolen boots, jacket, and gloves — what he needs to live through the night. Defeated, he stumbles away in a ripped shirt, faded jeans, and tattered moccasins and serendipitously finds a prewar U.S. Postal Service jeep with a dead mail carrier inside. He takes the skeleton’s uniform and becomes the Postman, a folk hero embodying hope for the “Restored United States of America,” a dream under constant attack by the Holnist, a hypersurvivalist militia, who are distinguished by their army surplus camouflage. Feature Kreep in a typical outdoors or bugout ensemble: nylon pants, windshirt over baselayer, trail runners. Photo: Feature Kreep Feature Kreep (who asked we refer to him by the name he uses for his blog and on prepper forums) says that reading The Postman at an early age instilled in him an appreciation for all things apocalyptic — zombies, robot takeover, economic collapse, nuclear war. But considering the prominent role that clothing plays in the book, it also seems to have inspired his professional career. Since earning a bachelor's degree in apparel design at Oregon State University, Feature Kreep has been working in the outdoor apparel industry. When he’s not testing backpacks on hikes or helping wilderness enthusiasts pick out supplies, he’s answering questions on survivalist subreddits and studying the different subgroups of prepperdom. One thing he’s noticed in his anthropological observations is that preppers love clothes. “There’s a bit of a fetish there,” Feature Kreep says. “In hunting there’s a fashion-show element, because everyone’s got to have cooler camo than the other guy — the latest computer-generated camo. Backpackers are more obsessed with absolute performance and they don’t care what it looks like. They can wear some pretty goofy-looking stuff. But preppers tend to focus on the appearance of clothing because they’re more aware of what their clothes signal about them, and they’re trying to manage that signal.” The Walking Dead doesn’t exactly quell prepper concerns. Photo: Gene Page/AMC Survivalism is a fringe movement that fuses America’s frontier lust with its apocalyptic anxiety. It revved up during the Cold War and builds steam every time a cataclysmic event occurs (9/11, Hurricane Katrina) or a perceived disaster is on the horizon (Y2K, 12/21/12). But now it seems we’re reaching peak prepper, thanks to North Korean nuclear chest-beating; a president who dog-whistles conspiracy theorists with talk of the “Deep State” shadow government; and a glut of post-apocalyptic TV shows like The Last Man on Earth, The Leftovers, and The Walking Dead. The communities that formed around the survivalist newsletters of the 1970s were early adopters of BBS and Usenet, precursors to internet forums. The most well known early online community was the WELL, which stood for Whole Earth ’Lectronic Link. It was associated with the Whole Earth Catalog, a magazine focused on self-sufficiency, survivalism, and sustainability. Today, there are hundreds of active prepper forums, like Zombie Squad, Survivalist Boards, and American Prepper Network, where users share tips, discuss Armageddon scenarios, and recommend supplies. But now the most active conversations happen in Facebook groups and Reddit threads. Like what you’re reading? Get the Racked newsletter for even more great stories, every day. SIGN UP Spend a few moments on subreddits like r/Preppers, r/Survival, and r/Bushcraft, and you’ll notice preppers obsess about gear, and especially clothing. And why shouldn’t they? Without proper attire, you could die of hypothermia. You can’t run away from the living dead wearing sandals. If your jacket is too bright, you’ll be a target for cannibal anarchist militias. Of course, when it comes to preparing for fantasies like these, there’s also the matter of looking cool. “The costuming is essential,” says Richard Mitchell, professor emeritus of sociology at Oregon State University and author of Dancing at Armageddon: Survivalism and Chaos in Modern Times. “It’s not so much about how you look in the mirror; it’s about how your friends respond to you. Sociologists call it impression management and anticipatory socialization — you dress like you imagine you’ll want to be in the future.” Survivalist gear from r/bushcraft. Photo: reddit user Schpittle Schpattle As an outdoor enthusiast who spent 12 years studying survivalists, Mitchell believes their movement is speculative fiction. “These clothes have very little utility, of course, because survivalism, prepper behavior, is not a practiced trade,” he says. “It’s imaginative role-playing. People aren’t doing it. They’re talking about it. They’re imagining that this might happen in the future.” In 2012, this genre of role-play seeped into pop culture with the popular National Geographic Channel reality show Doomsday Preppers and its spinoff Doomsday Bunkers. It was around then that survivalists say they started noticing an influx of liberal and libertarian-leftist preppers. With the election of Donald Trump, this trend has only grown. Preppers on Reddit generally avoid politics. Instead, they concern themselves with matters like the merits of coveralls, why wool is superior to cotton, the best inconspicuous boots, survival pants that can be worn in social situations, and stab-proof vests. A recent post on the Prepper subreddit titled “What is your ideal SHTF [Shit Hits The Fan] wardrobe?” received 50 comments from people sharing their favorite clothing and shopping tips. “Still building the clothing part of my SHTF wardrobe...,” saeglopur12 responded, “but currently I've got some key items, such as a pair of Fox River Military wicking mid calf boots, 5.11 TacLite Pro Pants, a pair of Mechanix gloves, a very old (think over a decade) pair of North Face boots that I still love and are completely waterproof, but desperately need to be replaced, and an equally-old but still totally functional Mountain Hard[wear] hard-shell jacket (which I'd probably throw over a North Face parka, if I was bugging out). Pockets would probably be kind of empty, because I've got a tactical belt/thigh holster rig with everything I need handy strapped to it... everything else would go in my or my wife's BoB.” BoB stands for “bug-out bag,” the bag that’s always ready with everything you need to survive three days. Preppers are big on acronyms, like SHTF and BoB. They often compare the contents of their EDC (every day carry) bag, their GHB (get home bag), and their INCH (I’m not coming home) bag. Michigan Militiaman Kevin Blackhorn, 34, of Blissfield, Michigan, crosses a stream on a rope bridge 11 December 1994 during survivalist training at a site in northern Michigan. Photo: MICHAEL SAMOJEDEN/Getty Images Some responders in the thread displayed extra imagination. “If you're in occupied territory and are trying to get out, best thing I can suggest is be the gray man,” Jrn77 wrote. “Blend in with the people and surroundings. For example, if you're in an urban environment that is occupied and need to exit, dress how everyone else is dressing. [W]alking around in black utilities and a backpack, you're going to stand out like dogs balls [sic].” Practicing “gray man” or woman means dressing for a for a SHTF moment, but blending in with society. Before the rise of hunting and outdoors retailers like Cabela’s and Bass Pro Shop, a prepper’s best bet was the local army surplus store. Clothes designed for soldiers are durable, but they also alert your neighbor that you might be interested in overthrowing the government. The irony isn’t lost on Mitchell. “Much of survivalism is predicated on the notion that government and institutional knowledge and collective organization are all failures,” he says. “Oh, but let’s wear their clothes.” But now that hunting brands like Kuiu, Sitka, and First Lite are borrowing from mountaineering technology and producing performance hunting gear, it’s easier to be both stylish and ready for an alien invasion. Some clothing companies, like Fortress Clothing and Beyond Clothing, specifically target preppers. And outdoor recreation outlet REI even provides a Zombie Preparedness class, in which instructors use REI products that could be useful during a natural disaster. Bushcraft boots from r/bushcraft. Photo: reddit user KilloVet “Outdoor clothing has changed in recent years to look more normal, but still retain the durability and functionality of longterm outdoor use,” says a gray man who asked that we only use his Reddit name, docb30tn, so he wouldn’t attract government attention. This sort of thinking, he says, goes along with being a gray man. Docb30tn is a health care professional and former combat medic who lives in Mount Juliet, Tennessee. His gray-man attire consists of Dickie’s cargo pants, lightweight moisture-wicking durable socks, combat boots that endured two deployments in the Middle East desert heat, military-issued nylon belt, Frogg Toggs rain jacket, Under Armour balaclava, and Walmart fitted work gloves. In the last few months, he’s been seeing more “localized SHTF events” that give credence to his preparations. “Lately, riots that have been occurring mostly in California are SHTF scenarios,” docb30tn says. “The government does not tell us everything they know. If they did, then people would freak out. Thankfully we have our police, fire, EMS, and military to squelch such actions on a large scale. California, however, is a special breed of stupid lately.” But not all gray men are so concerned about civil unrest. Damien is a Sprint sales rep who lives in northwestern Oregon. He’s been a prepper since he was 16, but he doesn’t think a SHTF scenario is imminent. “Doesn't mean we shouldn't be prepared, though,” Damien tells Racked. “Yellowstone was supposed to explode a long time ago. Mount Rainier is supposed to go off soon. The Cascadia fault is supposed to put most of the West Coast underwater. We are still here and nothing has happened. North Korea is pissed at us, Russia has never liked us, and China really doesn't want to get involved in anything right now. The right domino can be pushed to make SHTF. That's always a possibility.” Bear Grylls from Running Wild. Photo: NBC/Getty Images Damien’s gray-man wardrobe includes Wrangler Riggs tan cargos, 5.11 pants, plain gray T-shirts, a Carhartt jacket, a black Nike windbreaker, black Nike shoes, and Keen boots. He breaks in all his gear before he decides whether it’s apocalypse-ready. “To determine if they are durable enough for SHTF, I just wear them. A lot,” he says. “One thing that I look for right away is how much give the pants have in the crotch area. If I can't squat down or lift my knees in them, they will bust in the crotch area, I can guarantee it. And I won't own a pair that I think might blow out the crotch.” The only thing worse than potential crotch-busters? Cotton. “For my shirts, I won’t want it in a SHTF situation if it has a lot of cotton in it. Cotton kills. It gets wet, stays wet, and drains body heat.” The perils of cotton are one issue nearly every prepper agrees on. Other than that, there’s a lot of room for debate — especially between preppers and their close cousins, the bushcrafters, who put a premium on wilderness skills like tracking, foraging, shelter building. Think Grizzly Adams instead of Bear Grylls. “Bushcrafters tend to make a lot of decisions based on historical fantasy and aesthetic rather than actual scientific rigor,” says Feature Kreep. “They can be very smug, because they have so many skills. They’ll make some claim like, it makes more sense to carry a two-pound axe and spend five hours building a shelter than it does to carry a two-pound tent and walk five more hours. They’ll come up with outlandish reasons for why they need to be wearing wax canvas and wool when it doesn’t make any sense.” But everyone in the survivalist community seems to have one thing in common. “Between the groups, I can’t say which is more obsessed with clothes,” he says. “They all talk about it a heck of a lot.” Shopping Look, I Just Really Love Vera Bradley From Our Newsletter Nike, Amazon Reject Trump’s Climate Stance Shopping ICYMI: ASOS Partners With GLAAD, Affordable Bridal, and a Vans Collab Loading comments... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Community Guidelines Masthead How to Pitch All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman “Easiest System Ever” – A Complete Over The Shoulder Training Course With DFY Resources And Checklists There is a lot of potential with Amazon or eBay dropshipping that marketers can take advantage of. However, nobody knows how to do it. That is why Matt Pocius and his team has decided to launch a new course called “Easiest System Ever”. “Easiest System Ever” is a simple to follow technique that assists marketers in creating a job replacing income stream without having any experience, a lot of time and money. It is a complete over the shoulder training course with DFY resources and checklists created to generate revenues instantly without fail, and scale without paid traffic or risk. The producers provide users with a module called “The two giants” that allows them to learn the whole business strategy and demonstrate the two eCommerce giants users will be using for this technique, Amazon and eBay. It is actually as simple as buying products low on Amazon and selling them high on eBay, only optimized and tweaked in a perfect way that works every time. The producers will also explain why there is no need for users to have a store or any traffic. The next lesson marketers can learn from “Easiest System Ever” training course is all about Finding Winner Products that always sell and never fail. There is a tested method when it comes to seeking winner physical products to sell. In case users have mistakes in doing it, they can experiment dozens, hundreds or even thousands of different products and waste days of your time. There is a method to acknowledge the good ones and users will be given all the checklists and information they want. Marketers can also find out the way to tweak the titles, optimize the setting, the wording to use and all the important factors that will help them enhance their revenues. If marketers are someone with high creativity, then this will be an ideal opportunity for them to shine and convert. When marketers are done with those, the product’s creators will reveal some more secret places to drop ship their products from and boost their potential reach and incomes. Moreover, “Easiest System Ever” course guides marketers to where they will go live and start making income. Everything sells on eBay and the creators will show marketers their case studies and proof. Marketers will dropship from places like Walmart and Amazon to eBay customers and their customers will thank you for it, they will receive dozens of thank you letters for each successful product. In the next module of the course, the authors decide to teach their followers all about scaling. They will show their students the method to start scaling to reach high income without having any form of paid website traffic. Even though this process is quite advanced but it is also exceedingly quick and simple and they will not feel it after doing it several times. In the last module, marketers are able to learn the Secret Extra Strategies which deliver additional, secret and powerful strategies to generate more income. By getting “Easiest System Ever”, users can reap the following benefits: Anyone can do this and get good results, even newbie They can start with no budget, no ads, no traffic, and none of the typical stuff. There is no need for users to posses any technical skills since everything is explained really clearly in the modules so that they can get started as fast as possible. For more details, you could see Easiest System Ever review and discount. Media Contact Company Name: BeginnerDiary LTD. Contact Person: Benjamin Email: media@beginnerdiary.com Phone: +61 (08) 83691672 Address:63 Wigley Street, Sturt City: Adelaide City State: SA Country: Australia Website: BeginnerDiary.com CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Commercial Vehicle Tire Market 2017 – Outlook Trends, Growth Factors, Top Manufacturers, Research Methodology and Forecasts to 2022 Next PostNext Two Day Data Integrity Course: FDA/EU Requirements and Implementation (Opfikon, Switzerland – September 27-28, 2017) – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps open News open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Business Finder Obituaries open Jobs Autos Real Estate open Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports open Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining open Living open Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu Today's obituaries Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters Breaking News - MassLive.com Last week in Springfield District Court: No bail for a pipe bomb suspect; no juggling at clown's trial; and more Posted on May 29, 2017 at 7:54 AM David Krause, 31, of Springfield(Springfield Police Department) By Jack Flynn These were the top stories out of Springfield District Court last week. If you missed any, click on the links below to read them now. Springfield judge denies clown's plan to juggle for jurors as centerpiece of defense West Springfield pipe bomb suspect ruled competent to stand trial; dangerousness hearing set for June 2 Springfield man denies assaulting wife, urinating in kitchen and throughout house Springfield murder suspect clashed with victim while living at boarding house, court records show Springfield man held without bail in city's 5th homicide of 2017 Springfield Walmart shopper denies groping 3 female customers; bail set at $2,500 After 2 positive tests for fentanyl, Agawam woman pleads for 3rd chance: 'Please, just give me until the weekend' Police: Amherst woman bragged about shootings before assaulting Springfield cop View Comments About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site » Don't Miss: Review: Outlook Groups is now a pain on all platforms Excel 2016 cheat sheet Windows 10 Redstone: A guide to the builds Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. IT buyer’s guide: The Dell Latitude 5289 2-in-1 Review: Office 365's Delve, Sway and Planner fall flat Review: Outlook Groups is now a pain on all platforms Business chat review: Slack vs. Teams vs. HipChat vs. Yammer More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Vertical IT Retail IT IDG Contributor Network Want to Join? The Zen of Mobile By Evan Schuman, star Influencer, Contributing Columnist, Computerworld | May 29, 2017 4:00 AM PT Opinions expressed by ICN authors are their own. Opinion Self-checkout: What shoppers want to do is rarely what they end up doing One of the first things retail executives learn is that shopper surveys are horrible indicators of what shoppers will do in stores Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Alberto More like this Self-checkout psychology: Don't scare away shoppers Retail's struggles with improving in-store checkout Walmart, jobs and the rise of self-service checkout tech Video Hoping for a raise in 2017? Here’s the outlook for IT pay One of the first things retail executives learn is that shopper surveys are horrible indicators of what shoppers will do in stores. Asked if they would make purchases at a breached retailer, they’ll routinely say no. But quarterly earnings betray the truth that being breached has just about zero influence on revenue. (Blame zero liability, but that’s a column for another day.) The issue for today is self-checkout. Surveys show that shoppers love the idea. Retailer experience shows that shoppers don’t love self-checkout the reality nearly as much as they love self-checkout the concept. Reality messes things up, with fruits and vegetables that need weighing and age-restricted products and long lines and filled-to-the-brim shopping carts that were never supposed to be handled at self-checkout. Shoppers are quick to dismiss the value of an associate at a staffed checkout lane, ignoring the fact that their experience of scanning millions of SKUs makes them awfully good at it and impressively fast. What brings this up is a survey that crossed my desk from a vendor called Interactions. It surveyed 1,011 shoppers and found interesting, contrasting answers. Some 62% of those shoppers said that they prefer to be greeted by “a real person” (as opposed to a fake one?) in-store, but only 10% of them said that they wanted a store associate to play any role in “part of their checkout process.” Taken literally, that means that 90% of them want associate-less checkout, which is self-checkout. And yet, if you go into any U.S. store that offers a choice of staffed checkout and self-checkout, the percentage of shoppers routinely opting for self-checkout isn’t 90%. Heck, it’s not even close. Rekha Ramesh, global head of IT and digital strategy at Interactions, agrees that the stated shopper preferences don’t match real shopper behavior, but she considers that normal. “It’s not that they don’t want self-checkout. They clearly do,” Ramesh said. “It’s that it’s not very smooth. It’s not being made easy.” In short, shoppers want self-checkout in a vacuum, but the day-to-day experience doesn’t live up to their hopes. And each bad self-checkout experience leads to more hesitation to try it again. [ To comment on this story, visit Computerworld's Facebook page. ] The reason the experience can be sub-par is that not every basket lends itself equally well to self-checkout systems, most of which were designed to deal with basket sizes of ten or fewer items. If a retailer really wanted to push self-checkout and realize more of those operational savings (from having fewer staffed lanes), it could assign an associate to stand in front of the checkout lanes and encourage/discourage shoppers. Overflowing cart shoppers would be gently guided to a staffed lane, along with customers with age-restricted items or too many weight-charged items, while others could be told, “Your shopping today would work wonderfully in self-checkout.” In other words, use your associates to train your shoppers when self-checkout is a good idea and when it’s not. That’s a non-technological way to improve the self-checkout experience. That all said, there is something inherently inefficient in centralized self-checkout. That inefficiency is, in theory, fixed with mobile checkout. Instead of throwing 58 SKUs into the cart and then, at checkout, scanning each item, one at a time, isn’t it far better to scan the barcode in-aisle, right before it’s thrown into the cart? That way, when the last item is thrown in, the checkout is 99% done. Walmart did a trial using that approach several years ago, but the chain has never mentioned it since. But mobile checkout — which has been the hot retail IT topic for more than seven years — suffers from a serious case of chicken-or-the-egg. A handful of retailers experiment with it, but don’t see enough shopper enthusiasm to merit full deployment. That’s mostly because those shoppers have so little chance to try mobile checkout that they can’t get super comfortable with it. It can’t become a comfortable habit. Hence: chicken-or-egg. A large number of retailers won’t support it without huge shopper enthusiasm during trials, and shoppers won’t deliver that acceptance until there are far more retailers offering it. Need a more practical example? Look at Apple Pay’s plateaued share of U.S. transactions. The most daring experiment is from Amazon's Go stores, which bypass barcode scanning entirely, replacing it with a series of cameras and video analytics. This store has many practical problems to overcome — Forrester analyst Brendan Witcher said it won’t take long before college students figure out that they can “create a huddle and the store will have no idea what they just grabbed” — but the biggest issue is that it’s stupendously expensive. It works well as a concept store, but the idea that Amazon could successfully license and sell this to other retailers doesn’t seem realistic. “I think what Amazon is doing is the right idea,” Witcher said. “The question is viability.” But Witcher’s thoughts on self-checkout reinforced Remesh’s thoughts. “Consumers often believe that it will be convenient” even though it often isn’t, Witcher said. Shoppers today think they’ll really like self-checkout. Now, if they only did. This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join? Related: Retail IT E-commerce IT Management Evan Schuman has covered IT issues for a lot longer than he'll ever admit. The founding editor of retail technology site StorefrontBacktalk, he's been a columnist for CBSNews.com, RetailWeek, Computerworld and eWeek. Evan can be reached at eschuman@thecontentfirm.com and he can be followed at twitter.com/eschuman. Follow Computerworld's IT Salary Survey 2017 results You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Editorial Beats Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO GameStar Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive
null
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Site 1985-Present 1831-1950 Father of Olympic skater fighting to get medical license reinstated Sunday May 28, 2017 at 9:00 PM May 31, 2017 at 1:12 PM Dean Olsen Staff Writer @deanolsenSJR A Springfield doctor and the father of Olympic figure skater Gracie Gold says the state should reinstate his medical license because he didn’t violate terms of an agreement resolving allegations that he stole prescription drugs from HSHS St. Mary’s Hospital in Decatur for personal use. Dr. Carl Gold, 59, filed a lawsuit Feb. 14 in Sangamon County Circuit Court, contending the Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation violated his rights when it issued a summary suspension of his license effective Feb. 6. The next hearing in the case is scheduled July 6 in front of Circuit Judge John Schmidt. The suspension, which prevents Gold from practicing medicine for at least a year, was triggered by what state officials said was a violation of a June 20, 2016, “consent order” with the department that put Gold’s license on probation for at least 12 months. Doctors whose licenses are on probation can continue to practice. The consent order, which Gold signed, didn’t admit guilt but said the state was informed by the U.S. Department of Justice that Gold, an anesthesiologist, had “diverted Schedule II Controlled Substances” from the Decatur hospital “for personal use.” Documents from the state don't indicate when the alleged thefts took place, but the state's case against Gold began in 2015. In the order, Gold agreed to not prescribe medications for his own use and said he would participate in Narcotics Anonymous or Alcoholics Anonymous meetings, receive ongoing treatment from a doctor certified in addiction medicine, and submit to blood or urine testing. The state's suspension of Gold’s license ruled he violated his probation after IDFPR investigator Ronald Romano said in a sworn statement that Gold tried to get other people to supply urine for his urine test while he was working Dec. 9 at Passavant Area Hospital in Jacksonville. Romano’s statement said the president of Passavant’s medical staff submitted a report to the state that “raised serious concerns regarding (Gold’s) professional conduct and his ability to provide safe, quality care to patients.” According to Romano, Gold was told to provide a random urine sample Dec. 9. Gold then “approached at least four individuals and discussed obtaining urine samples from them,” Romano said. Gold “was able to obtain a urine sample from a unit clerk,” Romano said. When Gold was questioned about his conduct at Passavant, according to Romano, Gold’s responses were “not logical, consistent or credible, which further escalated the concerns for (Gold), for patient safety and for the hospital’s employees.” Gold, who lists on his Facebook page that he has been medical director for anesthesia services at the 93-bed Jacksonville hospital, didn’t say in his lawsuit whether the description of his alleged attempt to submit a fake urine sample was accurate. But even if the facts in the investigator’s statement were true, they didn’t constitute a violation of the consent order, according to Gold’s Feb. 14 court filing requesting a temporary restraining order to lift the suspension. Circuit Judge Ryan Cadagin denied Gold’s request for a restraining order Feb. 22. Gold's appeal to the 4th District of the Illinois Appellate Court failed to overturn Cadagin’s decision. Gold says in his Sangamon County lawsuit that the report about his conduct at Passavant “made no finding of any action that compromised patient safety, or any finding that Dr. Gold violated the terms of the consent decree or the Medical Practice Act.” A May 3 filing by the Illinois attorney general’s office, defending the IDFPR, disagreed with Gold’s interpretation and asks the court to dismiss Gold’s complaint. Assistant Attorney General Adam Poe argued that Romano’s statement implicated Gold for multiple violations of the Illinois Medical Practice Act, including unethical conduct and abuse of drugs. Gold’s conduct, Poe wrote, made department officials think Gold “may have experienced a substance-abuse relapse that could potentially affect his ability to safely and competently practice medicine.” The “erratic behavior” recounted in Romano’s statement describes Gold as “acting in desperation to obtain false urine samples to deceive the department about his alleged drug abuse,” Poe wrote. The allegations established an “immediate and serious concern for the safety of the public,” Poe added. Documents filed by Gold’s attorney, Alexandra de Saint Phalle of Springfield, accuse the state of applying a “nebulous standard” for taking away Gold’s license. De Saint Phalle noted that Gold never had a positive drug test after the consent order. Gold underwent hair testing in January 2017 that showed he hadn’t ingested any controlled substances for up to 90 days before the testing, de Saint Phalle wrote. Catie Sheehan, a spokeswoman for Hospital Sisters Health System, said Gold no longer is on the medical staff of St. Mary’s Hospital or HSHS St. John’s Hospital, where Gold also had worked in the past. She wouldn’t comment on any details of Gold’s alleged theft of drugs from St. Mary’s, including questions from The State Journal-Register about whether any patients were put in danger by Gold’s alleged abuse of drugs. “It is the policy of all HSHS hospitals to not comment on personnel matters,” she said. “All physicians’ medical staff files are privileged and confidential.” Gold couldn’t be reached for comment last week. De Saint Phalle didn’t return a phone call Friday. Michael Leathers, a spokesman for Memorial Health System, which operates Passavant, said Gold provided anesthesia and pain-management services at Passavant until Dec. 22 and was employed by AEF Management while providing services at Passavant. Leathers wouldn’t comment on Gold’s alleged conduct involving urine samples or elaborate further. — Contact Dean Olsen: dean.olsen@sj-r.com, twitter.com/DeanOlsenSJR. ***** Health-care professionals from Springfield area disciplined By Dean Olsen and John Reynolds, Staff Writers Here's a summary of disciplines issued by the Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation against the licenses of Springfield-area health-care professionals since late 2015. * D. Gordon Allan, a doctor from Springfield, was reprimanded in October 2016 for performing a right-knee surgical procedure on the wrong knee. The plan, and consent from the patient, called for a left-knee arthroscopy, according to documents from the state. Allan, a surgeon at Orthopedic Center of Illinois, agreed in a “consent order” with the state to settle the matter without admitting or denying any allegations. A reprimand issued against a physician license doesn’t stop the doctor from practicing. The consent order said the department received a mandated report of a settlement of a malpractice claim in July 2016 that set in motion the state’s investigation of that claim. There was a $70,000 settlement of a malpractice claim against Allan in June 2016, according to the department’s physician profile database. The database doesn’t specify details surrounding the settlement. Allan was unavailable for comment, and an OCI spokeswoman wouldn't comment. * Crystal Bell, a pharmacist from Pawnee, was placed on probation for six months in late 2015 after her Missouri license was suspended and placed on probation for four years in March 2011 for filling unauthorized controlled substance subscriptions. * The license of Mary Ann Corrigan, a registered nurse from Springfield, was placed in “refuse to renew” status in 2016 after her Texas nursing license was disciplined for failing to report a patient’s declining condition to her supervisor before she was fired in that state. * Amelia Crane, a licensed practical nurse from Springfield, was reprimanded in 2016 for having been found guilty of misdemeanor retail theft in February 2015. * Bryanna Davis, a licensed practical nurse from Hillsboro, was placed on probation for at least two years in late 2015 for testing positive for marijuana during pre-employment screening in April 2015. * The license of Katrina Funk, a pharmacy technician from Springfield, was revoked in late 2015 after she tested positive for cocaine and marijuana on a pre-employment screening. * Vicki Hefley, a licensed practical nurse from Hillsboro, was reprimanded in 2016 after turning in incomplete or fraudulent documentation based on her interactions with a home-care patient. * Shannon Ilsley, a registered nurse from Springfield, was suspended for at least 12 months in 2016 after violating a “care, counseling and treatment” agreement when she relapsed on alcohol. * The license of Maria Kenny, a pharmacist from Springfield, was placed in “refuse to renew” status in 2016 after she delayed the transfer of patient prescriptions in a timely manner, failed to complete the required change of “pharmacist-in-charge” paperwork and failed to complete an inventory as departing pharmacist-in-charge at a Wal-Mart pharmacy. * Gregg Laws, a doctor from Carlinville, was reprimanded and fined $500 in 2016 for failure to diagnose a subarachnoid hemorrhage in a hospital emergency room patient. * Amber McCray, a registered nurse from Chatham, was suspended for at least 12 months in 2016 for violating conditions of a consent order. Her license was put on probation in April 2015 after she tested positive for Methadone, according to state officials. * Ronda Mills, a licensed practical nurse from Springfield, voluntarily surrendered her license permanently in 2016 after failing to report being fired by Oak Terrace nursing home. She was fired after admitting she would test positive for marijuana and opiates, according to state officials. Mills’ license previously was suspended for a minimum of six months after testing positive in November 2014 for marijuana and cocaine during a pre-employment screening for a LPN position at Heritage Health in Springfield. * Clayton Parks, a doctor from Springfield, was issued a temporary medical permit with a reprimand in late 2016. The reprimand, according to documents from the state, was based on his Illinois pharmacy technician license being suspended in 2011 for diversion of controlled substances for personal use. Disciplinary action also was taken by the Iowa Board of Medicine against Parks’ Iowa resident physician license based on the 2011 discipline in Illinois. * Bradley Restivo, a doctor from Springfield, was issued a temporary medical license with a reprimand in 2016 after he pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct in 2013. As part of the reprimand, state officials required him to take and pass all five topic areas in the “ethics and boundaries post-licensure essay examination.” * Tamera Richards, a licensed practical nurse from Springfield, was suspended for at least six months in 2016 for pleading guilty to retail theft in 2015 in Sangamon County. * Sarah Sosinski, a licensed practical nurse from Springfield, was suspended for at least two years in 2016 after she used the personal checking account of a patient at Villa Health Care West in Sherman to pay her personal bills, was convicted of a felony and fired by her employer. Documents from the state indicated Sosinski used the patient’s checking account to pay about $350 in Comcast bills and a $372 car loan payment, all in summer 2014. Sosinski pleaded guilty to felony theft in 2015 in connection with the conduct, then failed to report the conviction to the state, according to the documents. She was fired by Villa Health Care in August 2014 in connection with the incident, according to state documents. * Vicki Warrick, a registered nurse from Springfield, was reprimanded in late 2015 and ordered to complete coursework after the state was notified that in January 2013, while employed at the Charleston Transitional Facility in Champaign, she waited to send a patient to a clinic appointment instead of a hospital when the patient showed signs of a worsening sore that ultimately required surgery. * Heaven Willhite, a pharmacy technician from Springfield, was suspended for 90 days in late 2015, and put on probation for at least two years, for being fired by her pharmacy employer after she stole controlled substances. * Cynthia Woods, a registered nurse from Taylorville, was placed on probation for two years in 2016 after she was fired for removal of controlled substances without a written physician’s order and for failure to report the termination to the state.  — Contact Dean Olsen at dean.olsen@sj-r.com, 788-1543, twitter.com/DeanOlsenSJR. Contact John Reynolds at john.Reynolds@sj-r.com, 788-1524, twitter.com/JohnReynoldsSJR. State of Illinois' Memorandum Against Dr. Carl Gold by Dean Olsen on Scribd   Complaint filed by Dr. Carl Gold by Dean Olsen on Scribd   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile Advertise With Us Contact Us Subscribe Place an Ad Commenting Rules Archives Marketplace Cars Homes Classifieds Newspaper Ads Garage Sale Directory Sections News State Government Sports The Voice Local Entertainment Information Social Media Directory E-edition Today's Front Page Text Alerts Calendar Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The State Journal-Register ~ Springfield, IL 62701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police, Fire, Courts State Government Local Government Education Health Health Blogs School closings Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports Illini High schools High School Football Junior Blues UIS, Local Colleges Score reporting forms Auto Racing Entertainment TV Guide Movie times Sudoku Games Calendar Life The Voice Food Restaurant Reviews Celebrations Beliefs Health Opinion Editorials Letters Bernard Schoenburg Columns How to submit a letter, column Photos The Visual Journal Send us Your Pix Business Obituaries More Videos Calendar Football Scores Salary Databases Social Media Directory Front pages Contests Branded Content Subscriber My Profile E-edition Text Alerts Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Garage Sale Directory Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications SUBSCRIBE TODAY Choose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery. Action
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 15-19, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of May 15-19, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – Northbound traffic has been shifted to the two outside lanes within the work zone and the inside (left) lane is closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive). Motorists should be alert for advance warning signs and move to the right lanes well ahead of the work zone. Shoulders are closed, travel lanes are narrowed and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. There may be intermittent lane restrictions and closures on Rio Mills Road near the Berkmar bridge while materials are moved out of the work area under the bridge. Motorists may encounter brief delays. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious RT. 658 BRIDGE TO CLOSE FOR REHABILITATION MAY 22 – Road will be closed for three months; motorists advised to use alternate routes Next PostNext May 22 – 28:Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 22 – 28:Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     SPECIAL EVENTS ***Run for the Wall: The nationwide, annual Run for the Wall motorcycle caravan will pass through the VDOT Bristol District via Interstate 81 this week, traveling from Bristol through to Wytheville Wednesday (May 24), and from Wytheville into Salem Thursday (May 25). Motorists are advised to use caution and be alert to the motorcycle caravan as it passes through on its way to Washington, D.C. To learn more about the schedule, visit www.rftw.us.   INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 22, anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures northbound this week due to road work.  Also be alert to flagging and heavy equipment on Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge work and the building up of the grade for northbound I-81.  (Completion: fall 2018)   ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 22, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) ***Interstate 77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel: Due to tunnel washing at I-77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel, anticipate north and southbound lane closures from 7 p.m. until 6 a.m. nightly Wednesday through Friday nights. ***Interstate 77 East River Mountain Tunnel: Due to maintenance work at I-77 East River Mountain Tunnel, anticipate northbound right lane closures from 7 p.m. until 6 a.m. nightly Wednesday through Saturday.   Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017)   Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: May 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on I-77 this week due to repairs to pavement markings northbound and southbound between exit 41 and mile marker 43 in Wythe County   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures due to the following maintenance activities on I-81: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Buchanan County Route 624 (Garden Creek Road): Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) is currently closed between Route 702 (Old Vandyke Hollow) and Route 627 (Young’s Branch) due to a mudslide which occurred April 23.  The road will remain closed for the next few weeks to allow for repairs.  The instability of the slope prohibits VDOT from reopening one lane. Route 624 alternate routes are: From Drill: take Route 624, Route 662 Robinson Fork, Route 620 East to 83 at Vansant. From Vansant: Route 83 West, Route 620 Deskins Road, Route 662 Robinson Fork onto Route 624 **VDOT is working closely with local elected officials on this project, and VDOT is taking all project inquiries. Please call 1-800-FOR-ROAD for project questions.   Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Install: The flashing yellow arrow signals have been installed at the intersection of Route 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Route 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon and will be fully operational in the coming weeks. VDOT anticipates having the signals fully operation in the coming weeks. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.          Scott County Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early May 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)     Wise County Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: early May 2017)   Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   ***Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installations at the following locations: The Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017) In the Stonega community in Wise County near Appalachia, involving lane closures along Routes 78 and 600.  (Completion: spring 2018).   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)         Completed Route 665 (Power Plant Road): The road closure in place due to replacement of multiple drainage pipes along Route 665 (Power Plant Road) in Russell County has been lifted.   Route 654 – slide repairs: Slide repairs on a section of Route 654 (Banner Mountain Road) in Wise County have been completed (as of close of business Friday, May 19).       (END) Bristol District May 15 – 21, 2017 Emerging issues of potential significance or statewide impact: Tractor Trailer fire – A tractor trailer fire at Interstate 77 mile marker 26.6 caused the need to divert traffic off I-77 at exit 24 in Wythe County. The incident lasted over nine hours and created 7.5 miles of congestion.   Hit and run incident – At approximately 6:12 a.m. Thursday (May 18), Virginia State Police troopers were called to the scene of a fatal hit and run crash in Tazewell County. A bicyclist was traveling northbound on Route 19 near Route 609 when he was struck from behind, sometime after midnight in the early morning hours May 18. The striking vehicle fled the scene without stopping. The adult male cyclist was pronounced dead at the scene. The case remains under investigation.     Significant initiatives, accomplishments, hires, promotions, awards, certifications: Nothing to report. Significant external meetings or events planned/significant internal recognition events planned: Media Photo Opportunity – Lebanon Residency Administrator and Communications Manager took representatives from the Virginia Mountaineer and Voice newspapers to the Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) slide area Thursday for a photo opportunity. Slide repairs are underway by GeoStabilization International and a section of the road is closed to traffic. The repairs will take approximately 4 – 6 weeks to perform.   Potential transportation celebration opportunities (these will stay on the updates until they are carried out or it is decided not to hold them): Nothing to report. Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NEW TRAFFIC PATTERN ON ROUTE 3 MAY 10 – Westbound lanes will open to two-lane traffic from Lignum to Clay Hill Road Next PostNext May 15 – 21: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 29 – June 4: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***F310 bridge rehabilitation over I-81 at Exit 10: Rehabilitation of the Route F310 bridge over Interstate 81 at exit 10 will begin in the coming weeks.  Signals will be installed to control one-way traffic over the interstate. Also be alert to nighttime lane closures on I-81 near exit 10 due to this effort. (Completion: fall 2018)   ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 29, anticipate additional truck traffic exiting I-81 northbound this week due to paving of the newly constructed northbound road grade. Also be alert to flagging and heavy equipment on Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge work and the paving of the new road grade for northbound I-81.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 29, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017) ***Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: June 14, 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on northbound I-77 in Wythe County this week due to slope repairs between mile markers 32 and 33 and pavement marking repairs between mile markers 41 and 43.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on southbound I-81 in Wythe County due to pavement marking repairs between mile markers 64 and 61. PRIMARY HIGHWAYS AND HIGH TRAFFIC SECONDARY ROADS: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Buchanan County Route 624 (Garden Creek Road): Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) is currently closed between Route 702 (Old Vandyke Hollow) and Route 627 (Young’s Branch) due to a mudslide which occurred April 23.  The road will remain closed for the next few weeks to allow for repairs.  The instability of the slope prohibits VDOT from reopening one lane. Route 624 alternate routes are: From Drill: take Route 624, Route 662 Robinson Fork, Route 620 East to 83 at Vansant. From Vansant: Route 83 West, Route 620 Deskins Road, Route 662 Robinson Fork onto Route 624 **VDOT is working closely with local elected officials on this project, and VDOT is taking all project inquiries. Please call 1-800-FOR-ROAD for project questions.   Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Route 672 (Stump Town Road): Due to repairs to a cattle guard crossing, VDOT crews will close a portion of Route 672 (Stump Town Road) in Russell County Tuesday, May 30 from 8 a.m. until 3 p.m. The work will be located .38-mile from the intersection of Route 80.   Flashing Yellow Arrow Install: The flashing yellow arrow signals have been installed at the intersection of Route 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Route 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon and will be fully operational in the coming weeks. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.      Scott County ***Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early June 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)     Wise County ***Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: May 2017) Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installations at the following locations: The Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017) In the Stonega community in Wise County near Appalachia, involving lane closures along Routes 78 and 600.  (Completion: spring 2018).   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)     Wythe County ***Route 613 railroad crossing repairs: Repairs to the Route 613 (Gunton Park Road) railroad crossing in Wythe County will close the route Wednesday, May 31 from 9 a.m. until 3 p.m. Motorists are advised to plan around the closure, as there are no detour routes available. (Completion: May 31)     (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NEW TRAFFIC PATTERN ON ROUTE 3 MAY 10 – Westbound lanes will open to two-lane traffic from Lignum to Clay Hill Road Next PostNext May 15 – 21: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 29-June 2, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of May 29-June 2, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – On Wednesday night, Ashwood Boulevard will be closed at its intersection with Route 29 during installation of the permanent traffic signal equipment. Beginning at 9 p.m. traffic will be detoured to North Hollymead Drive, then back to Ashwood. On Thursday night, North Hollymead Drive will be closed at Route 29 during similar traffic signal installation work. Traffic will be detoured via Ashwood Boulevard and South Hollymead Drive back to North Hollymead Drive. The work will be rescheduled for the following night if the operation is cancelled due to bad weather.     Northbound traffic has been shifted to the two outside lanes within the work zone and the inside (left) lane is closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive). Motorists should be alert for advance warning signs and move to the right lanes well ahead of the work zone. Shoulders are closed, travel lanes are narrowed and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – On Wednesday night, traffic will be shifted to new pavement at the intersection of Hilton Heights Road and Berkmar Drive. Motorists should follow signs directing them through the work zone.  The entrance to Sam’s Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. There may be intermittent lane restrictions and closures on Rio Mills Road near the Berkmar bridge while materials are moved out of the work area under the bridge. Motorists may encounter brief delays. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious EXPECT OVERNIGHT DELAYS ON I˗95 SOUTHBOUND NEXT WEEK IN SPOTSYLVANIA COUNTY – Motorists can anticipate double lane closures on I-95 between Monday, May 15 – Friday, May 19 Next PostNext RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 15-19, 2017 Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 22-26, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of May 22-26, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. Route 29 widening – Northbound traffic has been shifted to the two outside lanes within the work zone and the inside (left) lane is closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive). Motorists should be alert for advance warning signs and move to the right lanes well ahead of the work zone. Shoulders are closed, travel lanes are narrowed and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – On Wednesday night traffic will be shifted to new pavement at the intersection of Hilton Heights Road and Berkmar Drive. Motorists should follow signs directing them through the work zone.  The entrance to Sam’s Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. There may be intermittent lane restrictions and closures on Rio Mills Road near the Berkmar bridge while materials are moved out of the work area under the bridge. Motorists may encounter brief delays. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious EXPECT OVERNIGHT DELAYS ON I˗95 SOUTHBOUND NEXT WEEK IN SPOTSYLVANIA COUNTY – Motorists can anticipate double lane closures on I-95 between Monday, May 15 – Friday, May 19 Next PostNext RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 15-19, 2017 Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Craft soda growing more "pop"-ular USA TODAY Zlati Meyer 5/28/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Why bottled water is one of the biggest scams of the century 10 iconic American companies owned by Chinese investors © Getty Images/iStockphoto Craft soda volume reached 88.8 million gallons in 2016 up from 77.55 million gallons in 2011, according to the Beverage Marketing Corp. This subset saw close to 5% year over year growth, compared to the rest of the carbonated beverage industry, which dropped 0.85%. You might expect to detect the hints of lavender, juniper or hibiscus in bath soap or potpourri, but not in your soft drink. Quotes in the article PepsiCo Inc PEP ▲ 117.67 +0.44 +0.38% Jones Soda Co JSDA = 0.5300 0.0000 0.00% Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 79.62 -0.19 -0.24% Dollar General Corp DG ▲ 78.91 +0.72 +0.92% But it's unique formulations that are at the heart of the growing segment of "craft soda," fizzy concoctions that are starting to make an impact in the $52.5 billion U.S. soft drink market. With traditional colas and other soft drinks under attack by nutritionists, craft soft drinks -- also known as artisanal, specialty or small-batch soda --  are capturing share by hyping premium and natural ingredients, creative flavors, limited runs, unusual packaging or their local roots. Smaller bottlers are borrowing a page from craft beer brewers, which grew from grassroots to collectively become a major factor in an industry dominated by giants like Anheuser-Busch InBev and SABMiller and helped spark the brew-pub movement that has revitalized the bar business. When it comes to craft sodas, Coca-Cola and Pepsico have not only taken notice, they have created their own portfolios to compete right along with the smaller players. Craft-soda volume grew 5% in 2016 to 88.8 million gallons compared to the year before at a time when the rest of the carbonated beverage industry was down 0.85%, in 2016, according to the Beverage Marketing, a consulting and research company. Craft soda reached $541 million wholesale in 2016, up from $427.7 million in 2011. Adding to the froth: Craft soft drinks attract affluent Millennials who don't want to be seen as following the crowd with traditional soft drinks. "When you pick up a craft soda, you're saying something about yourself. You identify with the qualities of that beverage. If you pick up a craft soda or beer, you're saying, 'I’m looking for something better, more natural, more conscious of the environment," said Michael Bellas, chairman of the Beverage Marketing. "This has some legs. It has some good growth ahead of it. This is where the consumer is." Some of the better-known craft brands are publicly traded, like Seattle-based Jones Soda and Los Angeles-based Reed's to small-batch producers like Brooklyn Soda Works in New York, Dry Sparkling in Seattle, Cool Mountain Beverages in suburban Chicago, Real Sugar Soda in the Dallas area and Cannonborough Beverage in Charleston, S.C. Even the industry giants are joining in; Coca-Cola and Pepsi both have craft soda lines in their beverage portfolios. Load Error Many craft brewers started in specialty stores, retailers that focus on more healthy or upscale offerings. From there, they are moving into the mainstream. While their sales numbers don't threaten Coke or Pepsi, they're redefining the market. "There’s a large trend for natural wellness and there's a trend of gourmet food. This is the place the rubber hits the road," said Chris Reed, founder of Reed’s. "Every industry I know has a premium category from hotels to ice cream to cars. Soda didn’t have it. It made sense." But it isn't all sugar and spice for craft soda makers. Earlier this month, Reed's reported that it lost $2 million in the first quarter, up from a loss of $1.6 million a year ago. Its interim CEO, Stefan Freeman, told investors that the entire business is being evaluated to get back to profitability. LIkewise, Jones Soda said it lost $197,000 in the first quarter, compared to a profit of $49,000 last year due to issues involving shipments to 7-Eleven, one of its big customers. With that top-shelf aura comes a higher price. Craft sodas can cost three times as much as a traditional one and they often are in four packs, rather than six- or 12-packs. For instance, a four-pack of 12-ounce glass bottles of Dry Sparkling, a juniper-flavored soda, costs $5.99, for example, and contain less soda than a regular carbonated beverage. Criticism about cost doesn't really bubble to the top of the discussion, because these drinks are more of a special treat to be savored rather than a mainstream soda that's downed by the quart to wash down dinner. "We drink so many carbonated beverages in the U.S. I really want to create an elevated experience with unique flavors," explained founder Sharelle Klaus. "I came up with lavender, kumquat, rhubarb. I wanted make those flavors shine, so I didn’t use a lot of sugar,"  The Seattle-based company sold more than 10 million units last year and now is on some CVS shelves, she added. Pepsi got into the game in 2014 with brands like Caleb's Kola, named after the company's Pepsi-Cola creator Caleb Bradham, adding Stubborn in 2015 and 1893, a reference to the year the business was founded, last year. "We start with a consumers focus, looking at the trends and primarily the millennial generation is looking for new taste experiences," said Chad Stubbs, a Pepsico vice president of marketing. "We thought it was more limited than it was, because it's working all the way from smaller places to Walmart, Dollar General and our other retail partners." Coca-Cola's foray into the segment came in 2015 via its purchase of Monster Beverage's portfolio, which included the craft soda brands Hansen’s and Blue Sky. The following year, when they debuted their new taglines, “This is What Original Tastes Like" and “Rooted in Real," the company said, "“The crafted and specialty beverage category is a fast-changing, dynamic category. We see great opportunities for growth in this emerging part of the beverage business."  Coca-Cola declined to comment. Joey Lifschitz first discovered craft soda at a restaurant in the hip Williamsburg section of Brooklyn about two years ago and dived right into the colorful world of atypical flavors and what he believes to be taste-enhancing glass bottles. The 42-year-old New York commercial real estate appraiser drinks about 10 a month at a cost of approximately $40. "I love soda, for better for worse," he said, citing pineapple and hibiscus-cinnamon-clove among his favorites. "The whole idea of craft soda is keeping it small and quality... When I go out, I try to look for craft sodas over Dr. Brown's (an established soft drin brand) or a Coke, if it's available. If I'm at a store or bodega and need a drink, I look to see if they have craft sodas." Follow USA TODAY reporter Zlati Meyer on Twitter: @ZlatiMeyer Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Durant, Curry score 65, Warriors take 2-0 lead USA TODAY 12 arrested after London attack; ISIS claims responsibility USA TODAY Britain attacks: Lack of pattern puts officials on edge USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored This Dell has 12GB RAM, graphics card, & more! Listen to music underwater! Pre-order Madden NFL 18 today! ASUS 2-in-1: All day battery, only $249 Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Classifieds| Real Estate| Jobs| Autos| Public Notices| Special Sections| Deals & Coupons News and weather for: [change] Bangor Monday, June 5, 2017    Last update: 12:12 a.m. News| The Point| Business| Next| Sports| Outdoors| Homestead| Food| Events| Opinion| Obituaries| Maine Focus News from your community: State | Aroostook | Augusta | Bangor | Down East | Hancock | Lewiston-Auburn | Mid-Maine | Midcoast | Penobscot | Piscataquis | Portland Robber hits TD Bank on Stillwater Avenue Print Email Share Tweet Bangor Police Department Bangor police a looking for this man in connection with the robbery Sunday of the TD Bank branch on Stillwater Avenue. By Judy Harrison, BDN Staff Posted May 28, 2017, at 3:50 p.m. Last modified May 29, 2017, at 9:12 a.m. BANGOR, Maine — Police are seeking the public’s help in identifying a suspect in the robbery of the TD Bank branch on Stillwater Avenue about 12:45 p.m. Sunday. The bank, located near the Bangor Mall, is open from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. on Sundays, according to its website. The male suspect was described as about 5-foot-7, thin and unshaven, according to the Bangor Police Department. The man, believed to be about 30 years old, entered the bank and demanded cash from a teller. Police did not say whether the suspect displayed a weapon. He fled on foot toward Walmart, where he got into a gray hatchback and left the area, police said. Anyone with information is asked to call Detective Jeremy Brock at the Bangor Police Department, or leave information on the tip line at 947-7382, extension 6.   SEE COMMENTS → News Blogs Living Sports Opinion ‘I felt like a caveman’: How work requirements for state benefits hurt one Maine man Maine man dies in whitewater rafting accident Exploding lawnmower burns down Maine home New Bangor deputy chief began career ‘looking for anything that looked suspicious’ ‘That other snake’s aliiiive!’: A reptile expert explains epic regurgitating-snake video I got pregnant. I chose to keep my baby. And my Christian school humiliated me. More guns won’t make our universities and colleges any safer Our schools can’t pay our teachers with liberal sentiments Trump could make everyone happy if he raises the gas tax Would the US really go to war with Russia over Estonia? Orono girls cruise to sixth straight Class C state track championship Mike Reiss on New England’s position battles during mini-camps Search committee hopes to name UMaine baseball coach within two weeks Orono boys capture third straight Class C state track title Johnson earns 83rd career victory, ties Yarborough THE DRIVE Mike Reiss on New England’s position battles during mini-camps MAINELY THOUGHTS Some advice for our legislators from Ernest Hemingway HEALTHIER YOU The best blueberry lemon Bundt cake STIRRING THE POT 312 & 2,600,000,000 GEORGE'S OUTDOOR NEWS Check out these awesome outdoor photos! America’s No. 1 song isn’t in English, which doesn’t happen often Blogs Be a BDN blogger | Browse BDN blogs Color ME When Lilacs Last in the Dooryard Bloomed When Lilacs Last in the Dooryard Bloomed Recovery Rocks Recovery Rocks Inside The battles of an anorexic mind Opportunity Knocks Opportunity Knocks The Stress-Free Guide to Settling Down in a New City Culture Shock 5 Things To Do This Weekend, June 2-4: These boots were made for art walking 5 Things To Do This Weekend, June 2-4: These boots were made for art walking #HealthyRegion We want to hear from you about living with a loved one with addiction We want to hear from you about living with a loved one with addiction West of The Fields West of The Fields New music including Washed Out, Grace Mitchell, Lorde and Alt-J on this week's West Of The Fields podcast Top Stories ‘I felt like a caveman’: How work requirements for state benefits hurt one Maine man New Bangor deputy chief began career ‘looking for anything that looked suspicious’ Collins: Trump travel ban is ‘not the right way to go’ More guns won’t make our universities and colleges any safer Trump urges end to political correctness in wake of London attack Similar Articles 4.2.2012 Raises at the University of Maine System 2006-2012 11.23.2012 Occupy Ellsworth joins nationwide Walmart protest; company dismisses activists 10.3.2015 Maine Cross Country Festival of Champions Results 4.26.2011 Drug Take-Back sites listed 5.27.2015 Crime Takes No Holiday More in Bangor   New Bangor deputy chief began career ‘looking for anything that looked suspicious’   Old Town junior strikes out 14 in five innings as Coyotes blank Trojans   John Bapst appoints new ice hockey coach   Inside the remote refuge saving Maine’s abandoned exotic animals   Bangor murder suspect’s getaway car was spotted at a gas station, but police let it go Bangor Daily News Archives News Business Sports Outdoors Homestead TV Listings Obituaries Things to Do Custom Publications Weather Storm Cancellations About Us BDN History BDN 120 Years Contact Us Purchase Photos Newspapers in Education Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Subscribe to the BDN Create BDN Maine Account Manage Your Account Newsletter Sign-up RSS Sales and Marketing Online Advertising and Digital Marketing Solutions Online Advertising Staff Directory Print Advertising Print Advertising Staff Directory Classifieds Custom Publications and The Weekly Creative Services-Guide to Sending Files BDN Maine Events on Facebook On Facebook The Bangor Daily News Midcoast Portland Aroostook Downeast Hancock Katahdin and Lincoln Lakes Region Food Outdoors Maine Families BDN Blogs Editorial and Opinion Maine Sports High School Sports On Twitter @bangordailynews @bdnpolitics @bdnmaineblogs @bdnmainefocus
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Rising deportations to Somalia raise concerns in Minnesota Twelve arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Does Comey have one more bombshell to reveal on Russia-Trump collusion? As federal order expires, Anoka-Hennepin school district faces new battles Rich Americans delaying tax bills may hasten debt ceiling debate In Yanez jury selection, criteria for ideal jurors 'totally reversed' Twins top Angels 3-2 behind Miguel Sano, Jose Berrios and stout bullpen Julianne Hough gets fans moving in a pop-up visit to Minneapolis yoga studio The Drive: Why troopers, not cameras, are catching HOV lane cheats Canadian man mows lawn with tornado behind him Review: Learning to party the laidback Tom Petty way next Business 424695403 Why kale is everywhere: How food trends are born Developing cutting-edge food is part art, part science.  By Samantha Bomkamp Chicago Tribune May 28, 2017 — 1:35pm Erin Hooley &#x2022; Chicago Tribune Stacie Sopinka, US Foods vice president of product development, helps identify what will be the next hot food item. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint CHICAGO – Kale has had quite a run. Less than a decade ago, the leafy green vegetable was used primarily for decoration on salad bars. Now kale, known for its health benefits, is so ubiquitous that even ­McDonald’s uses it in salads. Za’atar, a Middle Eastern spice blend, may not be as familiar to many Americans, but it plays a starring role in one of the salads that Starbucks recently rolled out in Chicago as part of its new lunch menu. As Americans increasingly demand exotic flavors, spices like za’atar are expected to become more common on menus. Identifying up-and-coming food trends is equal parts art and science, and it’s a process that some in the food industry pay a lot of attention to. “The Cronut went from nothing to Time magazine in no time; others peak and fall off,” said Stacie Sopinka, vice president of innovation and product development at US Foods, a Rosemont, Ill.-based food distributor. Food trends are influenced by a wide range of factors, from fashion and pop culture to health fads. They are sometimes created by chefs, often in the world of fine dining, and then mimicked and re-purposed by other restaurateurs. Sometimes, it’s a consultant or distributor working with a big brand to develop a product that fills menu holes for a food company. Menu trends Datassential, one of several companies that track trends, calls that pattern the “menu adoption cycle.” Trends in the inception phase often start in fine-dining establishments and independent ethnic restaurants or markets, where the food item is considered unique in the way it’s prepared, presented and tastes. Piri piri sauce, a spicy and tangy topping from Portugal, and togarashi, a Japanese spice blend, are in that phase now. Both meet consumers’ growing demand for exotic spices, according to ­Datassential. The adoption phase is when mainstream restaurants catch on to the trend. Early adopters tend to be gastropubs, fast-casual and independent sit-down restaurants, and specialty or gourmet food stores. A restaurant like Rick Bayless’ Xoco would jump on the bandwagon at this point, Datassential’s Mike Kostyo said, but so would Panera, Whole Foods, and even the Cheesecake ­Factory. In the proliferation phase, trends hit the mainstream and often are adjusted to have broad appeal. This means the up-and-coming ingredient is incorporated into burgers, pasta dishes and other menu items mainstream that America is likely to consume. ­Sriracha aioli, a spread that lowers the spice intensity of the Thai pepper sauce, is in the proliferation phase now. It’s often served on sandwiches and with French fries. In the final phase, a food trend can be seen across the industry. Brands like Denny’s and Wal-Mart catch on, but so do convenience stores, schools and office cafeterias. Food trends Not all trends follow this common cycle. In fact, only about 30 to 40 percent of foods or ingredients in the inception phase ever continue on, according to Datassential. Consider bone marrow, a popular sight at some high-end restaurants, but not something that would ever make its way to a fast-food chain. US Foods, which supplies restaurants with everything from produce to prepared meat, helps restaurants get on board with the latest food trends, with a special emphasis on the desires of millennials, the fastest growing segment of the U.S. population. In 2011, the company rebranded, conducted extensive research and began positioning itself to better provide trendy ingredients to independent restaurants. That same year, it launched its own branded line of products, Sopinka said. The items US Foods developed have to fill a lot of holes. The products have to be able to be used in multiple ways, be healthy but still flavorful, and in some cases, be fully cooked so that restaurants can save labor hours — a critical expense. The company’s offerings have evolved to include products ranging from riced cauliflower, which can be used in gluten-free pizza crust and sides and salads, to chicken shawarma that is fully cooked and ready to heat and serve. “We don’t need to be first. For us, it’s a matter of figuring out which ones are going to stick,” Sopinka said. Kerry Ingredients and Flavours is also a major player in menu consultation and the translation of trends. When a major quick-service chain like McDonald’s wants to develop a new burger, Kerry, which has its North American headquarters in Beloit, Wis., pulls all the burger concepts developed industrywide over the last several years and examines everything from buns to toppings, looping in current trends, said Elissa Rempfer, Kerry’s food service marketing research and insights manager. The resulting tests usually show up in fast-food restaurants as limited-time offers. Because chains have huge footprints and need to appeal to a wide range of people, they aren’t often early adopters of trends. To help chains get in the game, companies like Kerry often take a trend, like smoke flavoring, and mix it with something familiar, like mocha or vanilla, Rempfer said. While an independent restaurant might try something bold like smoked ice cream, chains tend to opt for a more subdued interpretation. For example, Starbucks got in on the smoke trend with a Smoked Butterscotch Latte. When trying to hook younger diners, many brands believe visual appeal tops all. Food, more than ever, has to be camera — or smartphone — ready. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } Star Tribune Recommends Does Comey have one more bombshell to reveal on Russia-Trump collusion? Twelve arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Rising deportations to Somalia raise concerns in Minnesota Twins top Angels 3-2 behind Miguel Sano, Jose Berrios and stout bullpen Canadian man mows lawn with tornado behind him Woman killed in Mpls. hit-and-run was Minnesota Chorale singer Honey-Lime Soup for Colds Burger Friday: The Walker's new restaurant turns cheeseburger into high art Penne With Roasted Mushrooms, Onions and Goat Cheese Taco Bell expanding test of waffle taco, breakfast Chick-fil-A is fast-food favorite More From Business National 10 minutes ago Survey: Economists expect slower US growth Forecasts for U.S. economic growth are coming in slightly lower after a weak first quarter, according to a survey of business economists released Monday. Business 9:35pm Autopsy of brother of man who killed boy inconclusive New York City's medical examiner is still trying to determine the cause of death of the brother of a man now imprisoned for kidnapping and killing an 8-year-old Brooklyn boy nearly six years ago. National 8:40pm The Latest: Autopsy of brother of boy's killer inconclusive The Latest on the death of the brother of a man imprisoned for kidnapping and killing an 8-year-old boy in Brooklyn (all times local): Business 7:21pm Pentair, Urban Organics open aquaponics farm in old Schmidt Brewery One of the largest commercial aquaponics facilities in the world opened on the St. Paul site of the old Schmidt brewery last week. Variety 5:20pm Warren Buffett's annual lunch auction starts Sunday evening Billionaire investor Warren Buffett is auctioning off a private lunch in the hopes of raising millions of dollars more for a charity helping the homeless in San Francisco. Top Stories Rising deportations to Somalia raise concerns in Minnesota 9:17pm Twelve arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack 9:14pm Does Comey have one more bombshell to reveal on Russia-Trump collusion? 7:59pm Most Read After crash, North Dakota oil industry shows strong signs of a rebound • Business Pentair, Urban Organics open aquaponics farm in old Schmidt Brewery • Business Why the GOP reversed its views on climate change • Business Investor wins control of Buffalo Wild Wings; CEO Smith says she'll retire • Business An immigrant-owned eatery on reviving Chicago Avenue cooks again • Business World Twelve arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack 2 lions, freed from circuses, are poached in South Africa Nation Excerpts from Cosby's explosive 2005-06 deposition Suspect in Portland attack made life about hate after prison Politics Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Why the GOP reversed its views on climate change markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Twins Twins top Angels 3-2 behind Miguel Sano, Jose Berrios and stout bullpen Sixteen years after No. 1 pick, no regrets for Twins or Joe Mauer Vikings Bradford knows Bridgewater comeback would complicate his Vikings future Hartman: Wright pushes on after mostly invisible season for Vikings MN United Minnesota United gets time to rest, regain lost edge Heath fumes after United 'outfought, outplayed, outrun' at KC Celebrities Bill Maher apologizes for using racial slur on 'Real Time' after backlash Ariana Grande surprises Manchester bombing victims in the hospital Super Bowl LII Local small businesses fight for a chance to cash in on Super Bowl LII Minneapolis scrubs its records to hide site of Super Bowl command center poll Poll: Who do you think is the most popular pro athlete in Minnesota? 10,000 Takes I divorced my husband but forged a lasting bond with his ex-wife Can the 'No Buy' challenge cure my shopping habit? Featured Gallery Wander with the Kangaroos at new Mn. Zoo exhibit 23 photos At the new Minnesota Zoo Kangaroo exhibit there are no barriers limiting interaction. ... Featured Video 75 years later, a casualty of Pearl Harbor comes home 01:46 Seventy-five years after Glaydon I.C. Iverson was killed aboard the USS Oklahoma ... Magazine Floodgates are about to open on Prince's career after death MPR's Cathy Wurzer talks about life, death and Mountain Dew StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Channels  Music  Style  Pop Culture  Sports  Sneakers  Life  Videos  Shop  Shuffle  Hustle  ComplexCon More from Complex  GO90  Rated Red  First We Feast  Pigeons & Planes  Collider  Sole Collector  Green Label  Ride Channel SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Pop Culture Pop Culture Jordan Peele Finally Took The #GetOutChallenge Share Tweet Jordan Peele Finally Took The #GetOutChallenge By khal resident old | @khal May 28, 2017 Share Tweet Subscribe to Complex Video via The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon Jordan Peele's surprise hit film Get Out took the world by storm, and with most things that become the talk of all of your circles, memes are produced. Get Out, the horror film that takes a hard look at race in today's society, spawned the #GetOutChallenge, which involved running full speed at the camera before darting off to the right ala Walter's infamous moonlit sprint in the film. Everyone from Steph Curry to the cast of Black Panther got in on the fun, but surprisingly, the creator of the film that spawned said meme hadn't gotten into it...until now. Visiting The Tonight Show to promote the home release of Get Out, Peele decided to do his best #GetOutChallenge sprint as his entrance onto the set. Here's what it looked like. "That's the first time I've done the #GetOutChallenge," Peele said. "I'm so glad I didn't wipe out." Their conversation quickly dives into Peele's recent marriage and word of him having a child on the way, but they also remember the time ?uestlove choked on stage. Peele also spoke about the show he's working on with Tracy Morgan, and relays a story of Morgan choking on a Ding Dong during a phone conversation. Imitating Morgan, Peele remembers their conversation: "Survived Wal-mart truck, killed by Ding Dong." Further into his visit, Peele describes Get Out as a "social thriller," saying it's a movie that is "creepy, but humanity is the creepiest part of it." He also talks about Daniel Kaluuya (the star of Get Out) and his ability to cry on demand. If you haven't seen Get Out (or taken the #GetOutChallenge), spend some time this weekend taking this film in. Related Jordan Peele's Post 'Key and Peele' Career Moves Might Make Him Hollywood's Next Big Thing 'Get Out' Is Now the Highest Grossing Feature Debut for a Writer/Director of an Original Screenplay Jordan Peele And Netta Tackle Race And Immigration on ‘Complex Live’ Tags: News, Videos, Jimmy Fallon, Memes, Jordan Peele  Like  Follow  Chat Show Comments Lateststories Sports Hulk Hogan Gives His Two Cents on Bill Maher's Offensive Joke By Jose Martinez 2 hours ago Pop Culture ‘Broad City’: Watch the Wild Season 4 Trailer By Kyle Neubeck 4 hours ago Pop Culture JB Smoove Reportedly Announced 'Curb Your Enthusiasm' Return Date at Roots Picnic 2017 (UPDATE) By Kyle Neubeck 10 hours ago Pop Culture 'Wonder Woman' Breaks Box Office Record For Biggest Female Director Opening By Kyle Neubeck 11 hours ago Music Killer Mike Defends Bill Maher’s First Amendment Right to Say ‘Stupid Sh*t’ By Omar Burgess 12 hours ago Pop Culture 'Orange Is the New Black' Hacker Says ABC 'May Be Up Next' By Kyle Neubeck Jun 3, 2017 Pop Culture Alec Baldwin Defends Kathy Griffin, Calls Donald Trump a 'Senile Idiot' By Kyle Neubeck Jun 3, 2017 Pop Culture Bill Maher Issues an Apology, Says the N-Word Is Offensive and He Regrets Saying It By Aaron Mansfield Jun 3, 2017 Pop Culture Five (Other) Times Bill Maher Was Racist, Islamophobic, or Sexist By Omar Burgess Jun 3, 2017 Pop Culture Bill Maher Calls Himself a 'House N*gga' on 'Real Time' By Shawn Setaro Jun 3, 2017 More Stories NowTrending SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Contact UsTerms of Use CareersPrivacy Policy AdvertiseSite Map FeedsPersonalization MusicStyle Pop CultureSports SneakersLife © Complex Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business updated: 5/29/2017 8:45 AM One man's quest to help travelers sleep on a plane: JetComfy Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Ephi Zlotnitsky, an Israeli-born entrepreneur, tries out his new airplane pillow -- dubbed JetComfy -- at his Rockville, Md., office. Washington Post photo by Sarah L. Voisin.   Thomas Heath The Washington Post     Ephi Zlotnitsky landed in Washington as a 22-year-old immigrant from Israel on a July Saturday in 1989. The next day, the former Israel paratrooper, who barely spoke English, walked into a local kosher deli and got a job. As he recalls it: "The owner said, 'I don't have a job for you.' I said, 'I'm not leaving.' He asked me, what can I do?" "Whatever you want," Zlotnitsky replied. "Wash dishes. Clean floors." He did all that -- and also made a mean Israeli salad. Fast forward 28 years. The peripatetic Zlotnitsky, now 50, has started several companies, including a real estate company and a Maryland-based software firm. But it's his foray into airline travel that got my attention. Zlotnitsky is not only an example of the rich contributions that immigrants bring to America. His is also a tale of the thankless frustrations that go with building a business. And what with all the horror stories about fights, riots, even scorpions, on the airlines recently, I thought Zlotnitsky's little project to bring peaceful sleep to airline travelers was timely. The entrepreneur has helped invent an airplane pillow with the kitschy name of JetComfy. JetComfy reminds me of those wacky late-night ads hawking offbeat contraptions like the Veg-O-Matic, Pocket Fisherman and Inside the Shell Egg Scrambler. Like entrepreneur and TV marketer Ron Popeil, Zlotnitsky is always thinking of the next thing. People like Zlotnitsky impress me. I wish I had 2 percent of his energy and resourcefulness. After talking with him for an hour, I called the businessman who recommended him to me and asked, 'Is this guy for real?'" He assured me he was. "I wasn't the brightest guy," said Zlotnitsky, who was born and raised 20 minutes north of Tel Aviv. "But I've always been this guy who was thinking outside the box. I don't believe in 'no.' " This anecdote is from when he was a teenager: "We were driving in a car at night in the middle of nowhere in Israel and a belt broke in our car. We couldn't see anything. "The driver looks at me and said, 'We are stuck here.' I said 'I am breaking the mirror.' I told him to turn on the headlights and shine from one mirror to another. We managed to fix the belt and drove back home. From that day, people came to me to fix stuff." His latest mission is fixing sleep problems for travelers. The airspace for plane pillows is as crowded as the skies. The horseshoe pillow has been around for decades. A former Virgin Atlantic flight attendant, a few years back, invented a J-shaped pillow. "Airlines are cramming you in and there is less space and less everything," he said. "At least you want to sleep normal." Zlotnitsky and a business partner have invested three years and $350,000 to create the JetComfy. The pillow is the size of a purse and sells for $39.99. About 10,000 units have been sold since it went on sale in January. Zlotnitsky said he has plans to open the first JetComfy comfort sales center in Dulles International Airport in August and hopes to expand to 25 locations at larger airports in a year. The pillow is available now on Amazon Prime and at Luggage Plus stores and will be offered online by Walmart later this month. It weighs less than a pound and measures 9.5-by-5.5 inches. It looks nothing like a pillow -- more like a foam headrest attached to a foot-long pole supported by the arm of your seat. Zlotnitsky is betting that, among the more than 3 billion people who fly every year, there is enough of a market for him to sell millions of JetComfys. "We plan to sell over 350,000 units by mid-2018 in the U.S. alone," he said. "We are working to start distribution is Europe, China, Australia and the Middle East." After leaving the Israeli Defense Forces, Zlotnitsky started a plastering company. It failed, leaving him $250,000 in debt. "I didn't know what I was doing," he said. "I took loans. I bought machinery. All kinds of crazy stuff." He eventually paid off the bank loans. Zlotnitsky had better luck in the United States. He and his brother, Chanan, grew a small newspaper distribution route into the region's largest news delivery businesses, known as News One. They sold it to Hudson News in 2008, before print's steepest decline and in time to make some money off the sale. They invested in iControl. The $150 million company's technology aids communications between retailers and suppliers, and Zlotnitsky owns 22 percent of it. Goldman Sachs owns a chunk, too. In between, he has invested in real estate that earned enough money to subsidize iControl, JetComfy and a few other endeavors. "I don't know what I'm worth," he said. "I hope I'm worth a lot." JetComfy all started on a diving trip with his wife to Bora Bora in 2014. As they were exiting the Air Tahiti jet, he heard a passenger named David Brecht, a battery engineer from San Diego, call it the "worst flight ever." At the hotel bar later, the two decided to team up to bring restful sleep to those who can't afford to buy spacious first-class seats. Zlotnitsky's idea was to re-create the comfort of your chin resting in the cup of your hand with your elbow resting on the desk or table. "That's the natural position," he said. "You tell somebody to rest their head, and that's what they are going to do." They created mock-ups out of cardboard. They drew designs on toilet paper. They bought "selfie sticks" for the pillow stand. They Skyped between Maryland and San Diego. They bought a used 3-D printer for $2,300. They bought used airline seats on eBay to test their designs. They bought foam, aluminum, plastic. They pulled all-nighters. "Dave is the geek that can take my ideas and make it happen. I am the guy taking it to the business. We spent almost two years building this crazy thing." They tried out several names: EZ Rest (using Zlotnitsky's initials); EasyComfy. Their wives came up with JetComfy. The low point came on a factory-hunting trip to China in March 2016. Zlotnitsky arrived in Shenzhen, an industrial city of 12 million, in the middle of the night, meandering for three hours in a cab with a driver who did not understand English. " 'That's it,' I thought," Zlotnitsky said. "I'm not coming back from this one. It was like a movie." But he did come back after finding a small factory that could build most of the parts for his pillow. By last summer, they had nine test pillows that they asked friends and family to try. They sent samples to the Hallmark Channel and media outlets. They got a write-up on the HuffPost's website and a profile by a San Diego television station. Zlotnitsky sent me a free sample. My wife, Polly, took it with her on a trip overseas last week to serve as my guinea pig. "JetComfy is a plus," she reported back from Europe. "Not nirvana, but a definite improvement. It has earned a return ticket." Tweet This article filed under: Business Travel Washington Post Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2017 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Get Your Summer On Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
News Sports UK Sports Entertainment 78° Full Menu 78° Home News All News Business Communities Counties Crime Education Hot Topics Lexington Most Wanted Nation/World News Photos News Videos Politics Searchable Databases State Watchdog Columns Tom Eblen Sports All Sports UK Sports College Sports Next Cats Recruiting High School Horses Kentucky Speedway Lexington Legends Reds MLB NBA NASCAR NFL Sports Photos Sports Videos Columns John Clay's Columns Mark Story Next Cats Recruiting UK Sports All UK Sports Next Cats Recruiting Baseball Basketball - Men Basketball - Women Recruiting Ex-Cats Football UK Photos UK Videos More UK Sports Columns John Clay's Blog Mark Story Politics Politics Elections Entertainment All Entertainment Books Celebrities Comics Puzzles & Games Events Calendar Horoscopes Movies Music Restaurants Stage & Dance TV Visual Arts Entertainment Photos Entertainment Videos Blogs News Blogs Kentucky Weather Photo Archive Sports Blogs John Clay's Blog High School UK Football UK Men's Basketball UK Women's Basketball Lexington Legends Entertainment Blogs Rich Copley's Blog Walter Tunis on Music Opinion All Opinion Editorials Joel Pett Larry Dale Keeling Larry Webster Letters to the Editor National Columnists Op-Ed Submit a Letter Living All Living Celebrations Family Fashion Food & Drink Fru-Gal: Deb Morris Health & Medicine Home & Garden Paul Prather Religion Travel Readers' Choice Obituaries Kentucky Obituaries Obituaries in the News Submit an Obituary Hot Topics Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us About Us E-edition Photo & Page Reprints RSS Feeds Special Sections Site Information Advertise With Us Circulars Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Google+ Local Deals Shopping Grocery Coupons Today's Circulars Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Homeseller Legal Notices Place an Ad Teri Carter Teri Carter Op-Ed May 26, 2017 6:08 PM Lessons from Aunt Mary: When bootstraps cut, a hand up is OK By Teri Carter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Aunt Mary kept refusing to sign up for government assistance. She was in her 50s, living alone, paycheck to paycheck, overweight, struggling to manage her diabetes, and had recently lost a breast and suffered debilitating chemotherapy. Doctors insisted she could no longer work at the shoe factory where she’d spent decades on the line. But Aunt Mary held firm. She didn’t want charity, to be on the dole. She would figure something out. Americans pride ourselves on bootstraps culture — work hard, earn your keep, pull yourself up — and President Donald Trump’s proposed budget for 2018 reflects those principles. There are $193 billion in proposed cuts to food stamps (known now as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP). More than 40 million Americans depend on these benefits to feed their families and, contrary to common belief, 80 percent of those on SNAP have jobs. They are the working poor. The $9 billion in cuts to education include special needs, advanced placement and training for technical jobs. Tamara Hiler, a senior policy adviser for the think tank Third Way, called the president’s policy tone deaf as it hurts the core of his supporters: the poor, the rural and the working class. Cuts for farmers and agriculture over the next decade equal $50 billion. And then there’s health care. Kentuckians depend on Medicaid more than people in most states, so the president’s plan to slash Medicaid by $616 billion over the next 10 years (in addition to the $880 billion already proposed in the House Republicans’ health-care bill) would prove devastating to our most vulnerable citizens. And yet conservatives cheer the president’s plan. Aunt Mary was a proud American. It took us months to talk her into signing up for Medicaid. I’m convinced she would have held out longer, maybe forever, if my mother had not become terminally ill and guilted her into filling out the paperwork. “You’re my favorite sister,” my mother told her, “we were born 13 months apart and grew up sharing a bed. Do it for me. I won’t be able to die in peace knowing you’re not taken care of.” After my mother’s death, with Medicaid to pay for health care and medication, Aunt Mary lived another 12 years. A colorful character, she filled the mother-void in my life, but she also took what responsibility she could for her health. She managed her diabetes with diet and insulin and, after having a tumor removed from her heart, kept at the physical-therapy exercises on her own. She even lost some weight. When painful, diabetic neuropathy set in and she became wheelchair-bound, Aunt Mary signed up for Meals On Wheels. And though it took gargantuan effort, she continued to press her slacks, steam her blouses, do her hair and put on makeup every single morning, because, “if I’m getting a home-cooked meal, personally delivered, the least I can do is make myself presentable.” Aunt Mary was on the dole, but she knew the importance of appearances. Americans may have a bootstraps culture, but we can also be a cruel and judgmental lot, quick to righteousness. To the poor or addicted, we want to scream: “Clean up your act. Get a job.” To minority groups and immigrants: “Keep your head down and your mouth shut. Learn English. This is our country. If you don’t like it, get out.” To the obese mother in line at Walmart, with her full cart of food and her SNAP card: “Why do I have to pay when I work hard and you’re the lazy one, the one who made the wrong choices?” To the sick, as Rep. Mo Brooks from Alabama recently put it, our goal is not to provide health care or a safety net, but to reduce insurance “costs to those people who lead good lives.” So much for Matthew 25: 35-36: “I was hungry and you gave me something to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me something to drink, I was a stranger and you invited me in, I needed clothes and you clothed me, I was sick and you looked after me.” The president and his cabinet, and the majority of their supporters, believe massive cuts in social welfare programs, health care and education are necessary. A long overdue pulling-up of our collective American bootstraps. Hallelujah! they say. But at what cost? Am I the only one with an Aunt Mary? Teri Carter, a writer living in Lawrenceburg, can be reached at www.tericarter.net /contact.html. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 hours ago Mingione: Kentucky baseball doing it one cup at a time 1:09 4 hours ago Mingione: Kentucky baseball doing it one cup at a time 1:38 4 hours ago Zack Thompson flushes it and UK reaches regional finals 1:09 4 hours ago 2017 Guns vs. Hoses charity game View More Video Op-Ed Russian meddling OK with good pay, whiskey for votes A Pentecost moment: Address climate change, despite Trump Madness or miracle? Calif. transplant gets mowing bug To curb violence, focus on rearing children Full of integrity, Bunning ‘the straightest arrow I ever met’ Op-Ed Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Paper Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Delivery Vacation Stop Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Mobile Options Advertising Contact Us Place a Classified Ad Local Deals Shopping Digital Solutions Media Kit More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Cleveland.com Menu Home News open Politics open Local News open Opinion open Business open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate open Rentals open Videos open Photos open Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds open Find&Save Local Businesses open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists open Courts Nation World Special Reports open Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Know the RX: Opioid addiction resources Remaking The Q Stolen in the Suburbs Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns open Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Bill Livingston Dennis Manoloff Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining open Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards On Stage with Andrea Simakis Near West Theatre founder Stephanie Morrison Hrbek stepping down after 40 years (photos, videos) Updated on May 28, 2017 at 6:08 AM Posted on May 28, 2017 at 6:01 AM 33 Gallery: Near West Theatre: A Legacy of Love By Andrea Simakis, The Plain Dealer CLEVELAND, Ohio - Perhaps the best line in "Move On!" - a joyful noise of a documentary about the last musical performed by Near West Theatre in a sweltering third-floor church ballroom at West 38th Street and Bridge Avenue - was uttered by one of the countless young actors who'd performed there. The grungy hole-in-the-wall that had been the theater's home for 36 years "smells like sawdust and sweat and teenagers and Stephanie," she said, referring to tireless founder Stephanie Morrison Hrbek. Few artistic institutions in Cleveland are so indelibly linked to one person. She is ingrained in the very molecules of the place. Two years after shepherding an ambitious move to a $7.3 million, state-of-the-art performance venue in the Gordon Square Arts District in 2015 - and nearly 40 years after directing and choreographing "Godspell," the theater's first production - Morrison Hrbek is stepping down as executive director. The idea is to free her from the day-to-day duties of running a company so she can focus on growing Near West's small endowment and make way for fresh talent, "an indefatigable human being," she says, adept at both raising funds and the consciousness of Near West's casts, crews and audiences. Stephanie Morrison Hrbek, executive director of Near West Theatre since 1978, in a curtain speech before a production of "Children of Eden" at the company's former home in a meeting hall owned by St. Patrick's Church in 2012. (Peggy Turbett/ The Plain Dealer) From its inception, the theater - co-founded with husband the Rev. George Hrbek and Father Robert Scullin - has strived to make the world a better place, one production at a time. "She uses the theater as a healing art in an urban environment," says Leo Serrano, a Near West alum and one of the stars of "Godspell" in 1978. "It's not art for art's sake, but art to empower neighborhood kids to find their own voice, to find confidence, to build teams, to trust each other, to support each other." He was 15 when he first saw her - a woman with a bright smile and shock of dark curls bounding across the parking lot of St. Patrick's Church, where he and his cousins were shooting hoops. "She was radiant - her energy came off her. But then her enthusiasm - you know how some people are so enthused that you become enthused?" That's how she convinced jocks to turn into musical theater geeks in a single afternoon. "I was like, 'Yeah, OK. We're cool, we're in.' There was no thinking about it. We didn't even know her!" Serrano, now a chief fundraiser for the Cleveland Municipal School District, is a member of the search committee tasked with filling the vacancy left by Morrison Hrbek. They're on the hunt for a managing director to partner with longtime artistic director Bob Navis Jr, the breakout star of the Ted Sikora film captured pounding the piano and bellowing "I want it to feel more Brechtian!" at skinny boys in Batman T-shirts. "We're looking for a managing director - not the new Stephanie," Navis Jr told the committee on Day 1. "That's never going to happen," he said. But the house that Stephanie built is sturdy and meant to last. So, too, is its social justice mission. Make no mistake - the cheerful, big blue box of a building on Detroit Avenue isn't just a theater. To the kids and parents and, in some cases, grandparents who have participated in its youth, teen and multigenerational shows, Near West is so much more, including a de facto social service agency. Morrison Hrbek and staff have heard it all: spousal abuse, addiction of all sorts, diagnoses of cancer and HIV, kids wrestling with gender and sexual identity, family discord. They don't just listen; they make connections to a vast array of helping institutions on the near West Side. "Stephanie knows all the leaders of those institutions - they're her friends!" says Navis Jr. She also knows the alums who walked the boards, hammered the nails and hung the lights, whether the production was two years or two decades ago. She runs into them all the time in the Ohio City neighborhood. "I go to the grocery store, and I see somebody who's a cashier who was involved in the 1990s," says Morrison Hrbek. "And then I go to the hospital, and there's Danielle Edelman waiting on my husband - she was in 'Seasons of Love' in 1997." How about Patrick Ciamacco, artistic director of Blank Canvas Theatre? " 'South Pacific,' 1996," she says, without hesitation. "Honey, I'm the walking encyclopedia of institutional knowledge." Ciamacco was in a high school math class when his friend passed him a note. His mom had seen an ad in The Plain Dealer about auditions at Near West. Cast as "a chubby little Seabee," says Ciamacco, he fell head over heels for the place, as so many do. The kid from suburban Brunswick, Ohio was introduced to the openly gay Navis Jr, who became his mentor, and black and Latino cast mates, a diverse group of friends Ciamaco says he'd never have met in growing up in his hometown. As the company's choreographer, "Stephanie was at every rehearsal," he says. "And she looked everyone in the eye. She would talk to everyone - it didn't matter if you were the lead or in the ensemble or a crew member, she cared about your experience." Morrison Hrbek was never an aloof administrator. "She's hands-on," says Ciamacco. Navis Jr concurs. "She will sweep gum off the floor, if that's what needs to be done. She's always been that person and she still is that person." Ciamacco directed "Aladdin, Jr.," his first solo show, in 2006. In 2011, he took the lessons he learned from Morrison Hrbek and founded Blank Canvas, borrowing lights and chairs and scrap for risers. "Most of our audience is sitting on wood that was used in a Near West Theatre production," he says. "Without Near West and Stephanie, there would be no Blank Canvas." He thinks there might not be a Patrick either, at least not the man he is today. He was Mr. Bumble in "Oliver" in 1998 as his father, a football coach who took a while to warm up to the whole drama thing, was dying of cancer. Though he'd dropped out of the show because of his dad's illness, his parents encouraged him to rejoin the cast. Somehow, they knew it was exactly what their son needed. Toward the end, Ciamacco drove back to the theater in a blur. He walked into rehearsal weeping. He remembers the feeling of arms around him and of being surrounded by love. His father died soon after; the run of "Oliver" was dedicated to the memory of his dad. "I don't think I would have survived if it wasn't for Stephanie and Bob and everyone at the theater," he says. Cyle Black in the Near West Theatre production of "Assassins," in 2016. ( Near West Theatre)                                                                                  Cyle Black could easily wonder the same thing. He was 19 when he appeared in the Near West production of Stephen Sondheim's "Assassins" in 2016, arriving at rehearsals smelling like the burritos he made at an East Side Chipotle. It was weird, he says, but even though he had to take two busses and a train to get there, "Near West felt more like home than any other home I'd ever been in." Still, after the final cast party, he dropped out of sight when his hard-knock life got exponentially worse. He came out to his Jamaican mother at 12; she responded, he says, by putting him out. He floated through the foster care system, until he aged out at 18. He spent his nights at a cousin's in South Euclid, then couch-surfing with friends, then sleeping anywhere he could, even, he says, at a Walmart. One day, he found himself in Gordon Square. He wasn't thinking about Near West, just around the corner, or the people he'd met there, when he posted a message on Facebook yearning for some stability. The calls started almost at once. From associate artistic director Kelcie Dugger, who came to the theater at 12 in 2002 with her twin Monique, and Morrison Hrbek. He couldn't quite believe they really wanted to help. So many people had made similar promises over the years to earn "karma points" but never delivered. He decided to test them and wandered over to the theater, found Bob Navis and asked if he could work crew for the new production of "Mary Poppins." "No," Bob answered.  He knew it. Do-gooders were about to disappoint him again. "You're not doing crew," Navis Jr told him, seeming to rub the salt in. "You're going be in this show. Rehearsal starts in 15 minutes. Be ready and stretched.' "It got intense from there," says Black. Today, he's living near the theater with another alum who got bit by the Near West bug about 10 years ago working concessions. Black is earning money working on the construction of a bed and breakfast his benefactor plans to open soon. Near West just closed "Mary Poppins," where Black hoofed so hard in "Step in Time," the dance of the Chimney Sweeps, he had to run backstage and take a few puffs of his inhaler so he could make it through the rest of the show. It was an auspicious title. He thinks the house that Stephanie built might be imbued with a touch of Mary Poppins' magic. How else could his life have been so transformed? But that's the story of Near West Theatre, told again and again, for almost 40 years. There is no better legacy. To contribute to Near West Theatre or to its endowment, or for information on the position of managing director, visit nearwesttheatre.org. View Comments About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
June 4, 2017 | 85° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obituaries Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Star Channels Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs Star Channels Travel Passport offices to see boom this year Associated Press Posted May 28, 2017 May 28, 2017 Updated May 28, 2017 12:05am ASSOCIATED PRESS FILE People wait in line outside a U.S. passport office in Philadelphia. NEW YORK >> The U.S. State Department expects 20.5 million applications for new and renewed passports this year, and that will be a record number. The busy year is no surprise. Adult U.S. passports must be renewed every 10 years, and it was 10 years ago that a new law went into effect requiring passports for Americans traveling to Mexico, Canada and the Caribbean. That new law resulted in a surge of passport requests in 2007, along with extraordinary delays that stretched into months for some individuals. This year the State Department says it is beating promised turnaround times of six to eight weeks for processing passports. “In 2007 it was not a good situation,” Brenda Sprague, deputy assistant secretary for passport services, said. “We did a lot of post-mortem discussions and have spent 10 years getting ready for this and addressing all the challenges we expected to come. We are extremely busy, but I am pleased to say that we are so far, knock wood, staying well ahead of ­­­­ the curve.” Tips from Sprague for avoiding passport hassles: >> Make sure your photos meet the requirements as described at travel.state.gov/content/passports/en/­passports/photos. Among other things: You can’t wear glasses or a hat in a passport photo, you must look directly at the camera, the photo must be shot against a light background and your expression should be neutral, though a smile is OK. Sprague said CVS, Walmart and other purveyors of passport photos have worked with the State Department to make sure their passport photos meet standards. >> Keep an eye on the expiration date on your passport. Many countries require that your passport be valid for six months after you cross their border, so you might need to renew earlier than you think. >> Check the travel.state.gov website for rules on passports for minors. Their passports must be renewed every five years, and both parents must appear when the application is submitted, among other detailed requirements. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Linemen Tupai, Taylor won’t play for Hawaii this season Governor’s race could be crowded Holloway beats Aldo to unify the featherweight title at UFC 212 City plans homeless sweep of state’s Nimitz Highway medians Servco offering repairs, loaners in Toyota recall Comments () By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. Flag comments if you believe they do not follow our guidelines. Click here for more information on our commenting system. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, June 04, 2017, 11:18 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Batesville agency brings hope to residents By Kayla Baugh This article was published May 28, 2017 at 12:00 a.m. PHOTO BY WILLIAM HARVEY John Peek, from left, Nona Floyd, Beverly Sellers and Shenell Green volunteer at Batesville Help and Hope. Peek became the facility’s director of operations in March. Comments aAFont Size BATESVILLE  Batesville Help and Hope, an agency that provides food and clothing to those in need in Independence County, serves around 2,000 people per month. John Peek has been a volunteer at the agency for over a year and became director of operations in March. Peek said giving back to the community is his favorite part of the job. “You hear stories about the hardships people have faced, and that pulls at your heartstrings and reaffirms the work you’re doing,” he said. Batesville Help and Hope operates a food pantry and a clothing center, with the help of volunteers. Peek said the food pantry is the most significant part of the operation. Eligible people can come in and pick up a box of food once a month, and the size of the box correlates with the size of the family, he said. Peek said eligible patrons are people who meet federal poverty guidelines and live in Independence County. People requesting assistance are asked to provide documentation to verify their residence and income levels, along with photo identification. Peek said the agency also provides emergency boxes of food for people with immediate needs, such as families who have experienced a house fire. A clothing center is also operated by the agency, and people are provided clothing cards that allow them to get a certain number of items each month. “Sometimes people will donate toys and books to us. We have a children’s book section and an adult book section. There’s an honor system in place, and people are able to take books out for a month and return them at their leisure,” Peek said. Peek also mentioned that the agency added a classroom in January and plans to have workshops available regularly on-site by the end of the year. “We’re looking for local agencies or institutions that would like to offer informational sessions here,” he said. The impact of the agency on the community is significant, and Batesville Help and Hope operates one of the larger food pantries in the state, he said. He said the agency receives food donations from Walmart, Kroger, the United States Department of Agriculture and local businesses, along with significant funding from the United Way. “A third of the food we pass out is purchased through the food bank in Little Rock at a discount,” Peek said. Local churches also contribute to the food pantry and host fundraisers, he said. Peek said he expects the agency to do more structured fundraising within the next few months. “We’re always in need of volunteers,” Peek said. “People who will give their time, treasure or talents are appreciated.” Volunteers can help during the day or in the evening hours. Nona Floyd, a desk volunteer at Batesville Help and Hope, has worked with the agency since 1998. Aside from working at the desk and registering people into the system, Floyd has spent time working in the clothing department. Floyd said she began working at the agency after a friend asked her to work in her place while she had surgery. Floyd never left the agency and said she enjoys helping people. She said the agency has a tremendous impact on the community, especially the elderly and handicapped. “We’re able to provide people with good nutritious food and clothing,” she said. Floyd said she’s glad the agency is able to help people with temporary needs as well. “Sometimes people who’ve been laid off at work just need us for a month or two,” Floyd said. It’s important to make people feel welcome and free of judgment, she said. “The most important part of my job is treating people with dignity and not making them feel like they’ve failed in some way because they have to come here,” Floyd said. “We believe in compassion for everyone,” she added. “When people are in need, I’m glad we can help them.” Floyd said it’s impressive that she lives in a community where people care about others and are willing to volunteer time and effort to make life easier for those around them. She said everybody at the agency is a volunteer. “We work with a lot of good people,” Floyd said. “Many of us have worked or lived here for extended periods of time,” Peek said, “and we like to give back to the community. That’s a key motivating factor.” Staff writer Kayla Baugh can be reached at (501) 244-4307 or kbaugh@arkansasonline.com. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Area Arts Council celebrates ‘The Good, the B... COMMUNITY EVENTS IN THE THREE RIVERS AREA You know you’re a grandmother when ... Family painting activity ‘rocks’ local cities Batesville agency brings hope to residents Norton hired as new Rose Bud football coach COMMUNITY EVENTS IN THE THREE RIVERS AREA Movie camp encourages kids to ‘shoot for the ... Principal retiring after 41 years in Searcy s... Comments on: Batesville agency brings hope to residents To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 'Executive privilege' to quiet Comey called an option (29 comments) Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (31 comments) 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack (6 comments) Pulled from reality (4 comments) 2 leaders affirm climate pledges (2 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (35 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Site 1985-Present 1831-1950 Nonprofit group sets goals for improvements in Pana Saturday May 27, 2017 at 7:00 PM May 27, 2017 at 7:48 PM Tamara Browning Staff Writer @tambrowningSJR PANA -- Former teacher Ruth Baldock hopes soon to show her daughter more visual evidence of the work the nonprofit Pana Pride has been doing to improve the town's image. “My daughter, who lives in St. Louis, she keeps saying, ‘Well, show me something, Mom,’ ” said Baldock, who moved to Pana in the 1970s for a teaching job. “She’s really glad we’re doing this, but she keeps saying, ‘I want to see something that looks different.’ ” Baldock, a member of Pana Pride’s beautification committee, could point to a new program, “Yard of the Month,” taking place May through October. It encourages residents to clean up, enhance or beautify their properties. Plus, there’s an upcoming streetscape project in which more than 60 trees (including Bradford Pears) will be planted in a three-block area of Locust Street. “The streetscape is very important right now in addition to the yards. ... We’ve done a lot of things, but they’re all going to start to show,” said Tom Dean, president of Pana Pride. Board member A.J. Wiss also recalled a number of completed projects such as painting Pana’s downtown curbs yellow, and the grand opening of a bike trail. Then there was the recent Dumpster Days. “There were 12 or 13 big dumpsters at the city garage, and we’ve had that program to where people bring their trash and dump them in for years,” said Wiss, a native of Pana. “This year, we decided that Pana Pride would go out and pick up for people that couldn’t bring their stuff in, and we loaded 4 1/2 dumpsters just on a Friday.” People assets Pana Pride became active in 2014. It became a nonprofit a year later. “There was a small group of 15 of us who had a desire to be a part of increasing the pride of the residents in Pana and being part of the future of where Pana was going,” said Dean, who came to town in 1988 and owns McCracken-Dean Funeral Home. Pana Pride’s treasurer, Paula Lebon, a Pana native, said the group “struggled for about a year,” implementing small projects like painting a building downtown and planting flowers. Pana Pride got more concrete direction after it began participation in October 2016 in the Illinois Institute for Rural Affairs at Western Illinois University’s MAPPING the Future of Your Community program. A Pana Action Plan 2017 was developed that noted four high-priority goals (corresponding committees have been established for beautification, retail and dining, manufacturing and industry, and events), strategies, projects and action teams. After the conclusion of the program, a town meeting was held March 19 to share information and invite the community’s participation. Nearly 300 people attended. “When we did the rural mapping ... we talked about what the assets of the community are," said Dara Thompson, who was born and raised in Pana and is Pana Pride’s secretary. “Everyone talked about the people that are here, that that was one of our biggest assets. ... We’re trying to get everyone together and pool those talents and assets to make Pana a better place.” A ‘good place’ A goal highlighted through the mapping program is attracting new residents and visitors by beautifying Pana through well-maintained residential districts, attractive community entrances and a restored downtown with attractive streetscaping and design elements. Among strategies is to encourage refurbishment of buildings and facades. With that in mind, Pana Pride is exploring the possibility of acquisition and restoration of the old brick railroad freight house adjacent to Walmart. Used by the Illinois Central and New York Central lines, the freight house dates from the 1800s and is in disrepair. A goal is to restore the building for use as a tourism center or railroad museum. The group also is hoping that property south of the freight house that’s been used as a parking lot could be developed, perhaps partly as a park. “We’re trying to do things for people when they drive through town to say, ‘Hey, Pana is a good place to live,’ ” Dean said. “We’re only 35 miles from Decatur. We’re 40 miles from Springfield. We have great schools. We have a good hospital. In fact, our hospital is just getting ready to put on about a $12 million expansion. ... We have recreation. We have everything that you would want to have.” Dean added that Pana is a supportive community. “The people are so giving, and so you ought to come live with us,” he said. Thompson said Dean spoke eloquently at the town meeting about how the community could support Pana Pride. “He told the people that, ‘If you don’t ever want to come to a meeting or if you don’t want to be involved in any of the things that we do, if you just mowed your yard, if you just do something to beautify your property, then we would consider you a member of Pana Pride,’ ” Thompson said. Said Dean: “Just take pride where you’re at and what you own.” -- Contact Tamara Browning: tamara.browning@sj-r.com, 788-1534, twitter.com/tambrowningSJR. *** Want to participate? Donations may be made by sending checks payable to Pana Pride to: P.O. Box 166, Pana, IL 62557. The website is www.panapride.org, email is info@panapride.org, and it is on Facebook. Pana Pride meets the second Tuesday of each month with committees meeting at 6 p.m. and the general meeting at 7. The next meeting will be June 13. For the summer, meetings will take place at First United Methodist Church, 619 Kitchell St. Yard of the Month Each month from May through October, a focus street will be announced so that homeowners and renters on that street will have a month to maintain or make improvements to their yards. The focus street for June is Maple Street. At the end of the month, a panel of judges will choose the Yard of the Month. Winners get $25 in “Chamber Dollars” to be spent at a business that is a Pana Chamber of Commerce member. A “Pana Pride Yard of the Month” sign will be placed in the winner’s yard for the following month. The May Yard of the Month winner is at 311 E. Locust St.  About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile Advertise With Us Contact Us Subscribe Place an Ad Commenting Rules Archives Marketplace Cars Homes Classifieds Newspaper Ads Garage Sale Directory Sections News State Government Sports The Voice Local Entertainment Information Social Media Directory E-edition Today's Front Page Text Alerts Calendar Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The State Journal-Register ~ Springfield, IL 62701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police, Fire, Courts State Government Local Government Education Health Health Blogs School closings Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports Illini High schools High School Football Junior Blues UIS, Local Colleges Score reporting forms Auto Racing Entertainment TV Guide Movie times Sudoku Games Calendar Life The Voice Food Restaurant Reviews Celebrations Beliefs Health Opinion Editorials Letters Bernard Schoenburg Columns How to submit a letter, column Photos The Visual Journal Send us Your Pix Business Obituaries More Videos Calendar Football Scores Salary Databases Social Media Directory Front pages Contests Branded Content Subscriber My Profile E-edition Text Alerts Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Garage Sale Directory Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications SUBSCRIBE TODAY Choose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery. Action
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Why I Won't Go Near Brick-and-Mortar Apparel Stocks Right Now Full-price, mall-based, and department-store retailers got destroyed last week. They may look cheap now, but I'm not touching them; here's why. Billy Duberstein (Dubs82) May 27, 2017 at 4:23PM Last week, investors experienced a violent sell-off for many department-store apparel retailers after some companies posted earnings. Macy's (NYSE:M), Kohl's, Nordstrom (NYSE:JWN), J.C. Penney (NYSE:JCP), Sears, and Ascena Retail Group all took a beating, down between 10% and 30% in just one week. The catalysts were earnings reports from several names, although not every company mentioned reported. Still, almost any retailer primarily selling full-priced apparel was sold off, as investors concluded that these companies are all in secular decline. And while many value vultures may be looking at these names right now, I'd stay away for several reasons. Image source: Getty Images. Looks can be deceiving A secular decline is dangerous, because it makes the stocks in question look cheap, with low price-to-earnings and price-to-book ratios, along with high dividend yields. But there is no telling how quick or severe the pain will be, as evidenced by continued same-store sales declines across the board. For instance, activist investor Starboard Value LP took a position in Macy's back in July of 2015, at around $65 per share. Its thesis was that Macy's owned real estate that by itself was worth more than its market capitalization. Starboard proposed selling off Macy's properties and leasing them back. Greenlight Capital, another prominent hedge fund run by David Einhorn, also took a position in 2016 at around $45 a share. The problem with this theory was that a) if Macy's stayed in these locations it would have to pay rents, and b) even if Macy's vacated, the locations were retail spaces that would have to be filled by someone else. Judging by the performance across the sector, it would difficult to find a dependable tenant when everyone was closing stores. In March, Starboard exited its position, eating a 60% loss. Greenlight exited in January for a smaller, yet still unpleasant, 30% loss. This is what happens when value investors mistake a turnaround for a secular decline: embarrassing losses. You might think that with Macy's trading at around $23.60 and the yield over 6%, the bottom is in. But as Clint Eastwood said in Dirty Harry: "Do you feel lucky?" Even good management can't do anything In 1988 Warren Buffett quipped: "With few exceptions, when a manager with a reputation for brilliance tackles a business with a reputation for poor fundamental economics, it is the reputation of the business that remains intact." Returning to Macy's -- my punching bag for this article, although my argument could apply to all the other names as well -- new CEO Jeff Gennette seems to have an intelligent, well-thought-out, and appropriate strategy. The company reduced head count, is closing unprofitable stores, and is experimenting with new formats in women's shoes and jewelry. Macy's also opened up its own discounted format, Macy's Backstage, which will feature off-price merchandise, and it is expanding e-commerce. This seems prudent: People are buying fewer full-priced clothes, so the move to footwear and jewelry is wise. When they do buy clothes, they increasingly look for deals. This has given rise to off-price retailers such as TJX Companies' T.J. Maxx, Ross Stores, and Burlington Stores. The problem is that all of these moves are easily replicated. What's to stop Kohl's or Nordstrom from also stocking more footwear and watches? Every retailer out there is developing more robust e-commerce initiatives (usually carrying lower margins), and as customers order more online, companies will suffer sales deleverage from fixed rent and labor costs. Also, Macy's is late to the off-price game, a few years behind Nordstrom, which unveiled Nordstrom Rack years ago. Off-price stores can also possibly diminish the larger, more profitable division, so there is cannibalization risk. Finally, if everyone is discounting, why wouldn't customers go to the stores known for the biggest discounts: Wal-Mart or Amazon? The big problem Keep in mind: The terrible results are happening in an economy that is nearing full employment and where consumer spending is actually good -- U.S. retail sales actually grew 0.1% in March and 0.4% in April. Imagine what would happen in a recession. It's perhaps fitting that Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos summed up the problem well: "All businesses need to be young forever. If your customer base ages with you, you're Woolworth's." Department stores have been late to adjust to a population that increasingly seeks discounts, and a millennial generation that craves "experiences" and the convenience of shopping online. Bottom line: Some of these retailers will survive, but it's hard to pick any winners, and even the survivors are likely to be much smaller companies than they are today. Why play with fire? Billy Duberstein owns shares of, and The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends, Amazon. The Motley Fool recommends Nordstrom. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Billy Duberstein (Dubs82) None Article Info May 27, 2017 at 4:23PM Consumer Goods Stocks J.C. Penney NYSE:JCP $4.89 up $0.06 (1.24%) Nordstrom NYSE:JWN $42.47 down $0.41 (-0.96%) Macy's NYSE:M $23.81 down $0.27 (-1.12%) Read More Why Did Macy's, Inc. Shares Lose 11% in March? Department Store Dividends Look Appealing, but Are They Really Traps? Macy's Reaps a Windfall From Its Real Estate Sorry, Macy's, T.J. Maxx Isn't What's Killing You -- This Is Instant Analysis: Tailored Brands and Macy's Part Ways Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Why I Won't Go Near Brick-and-Mortar Apparel Stocks Right Now @themotleyfool #stocks $JCP, $JWN, $M
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Site 1985-Present 1831-1950 Nonprofit group sets goals for improvements in Pana Saturday May 27, 2017 at 7:00 PM May 27, 2017 at 7:48 PM Tamara Browning Staff Writer @tambrowningSJR PANA -- Former teacher Ruth Baldock hopes soon to show her daughter more visual evidence of the work the nonprofit Pana Pride has been doing to improve the town's image. “My daughter, who lives in St. Louis, she keeps saying, ‘Well, show me something, Mom,’ ” said Baldock, who moved to Pana in the 1970s for a teaching job. “She’s really glad we’re doing this, but she keeps saying, ‘I want to see something that looks different.’ ” Baldock, a member of Pana Pride’s beautification committee, could point to a new program, “Yard of the Month,” taking place May through October. It encourages residents to clean up, enhance or beautify their properties. Plus, there’s an upcoming streetscape project in which more than 60 trees (including Bradford Pears) will be planted in a three-block area of Locust Street. “The streetscape is very important right now in addition to the yards. ... We’ve done a lot of things, but they’re all going to start to show,” said Tom Dean, president of Pana Pride. Board member A.J. Wiss also recalled a number of completed projects such as painting Pana’s downtown curbs yellow, and the grand opening of a bike trail. Then there was the recent Dumpster Days. “There were 12 or 13 big dumpsters at the city garage, and we’ve had that program to where people bring their trash and dump them in for years,” said Wiss, a native of Pana. “This year, we decided that Pana Pride would go out and pick up for people that couldn’t bring their stuff in, and we loaded 4 1/2 dumpsters just on a Friday.” People assets Pana Pride became active in 2014. It became a nonprofit a year later. “There was a small group of 15 of us who had a desire to be a part of increasing the pride of the residents in Pana and being part of the future of where Pana was going,” said Dean, who came to town in 1988 and owns McCracken-Dean Funeral Home. Pana Pride’s treasurer, Paula Lebon, a Pana native, said the group “struggled for about a year,” implementing small projects like painting a building downtown and planting flowers. Pana Pride got more concrete direction after it began participation in October 2016 in the Illinois Institute for Rural Affairs at Western Illinois University’s MAPPING the Future of Your Community program. A Pana Action Plan 2017 was developed that noted four high-priority goals (corresponding committees have been established for beautification, retail and dining, manufacturing and industry, and events), strategies, projects and action teams. After the conclusion of the program, a town meeting was held March 19 to share information and invite the community’s participation. Nearly 300 people attended. “When we did the rural mapping ... we talked about what the assets of the community are," said Dara Thompson, who was born and raised in Pana and is Pana Pride’s secretary. “Everyone talked about the people that are here, that that was one of our biggest assets. ... We’re trying to get everyone together and pool those talents and assets to make Pana a better place.” A ‘good place’ A goal highlighted through the mapping program is attracting new residents and visitors by beautifying Pana through well-maintained residential districts, attractive community entrances and a restored downtown with attractive streetscaping and design elements. Among strategies is to encourage refurbishment of buildings and facades. With that in mind, Pana Pride is exploring the possibility of acquisition and restoration of the old brick railroad freight house adjacent to Walmart. Used by the Illinois Central and New York Central lines, the freight house dates from the 1800s and is in disrepair. A goal is to restore the building for use as a tourism center or railroad museum. The group also is hoping that property south of the freight house that’s been used as a parking lot could be developed, perhaps partly as a park. “We’re trying to do things for people when they drive through town to say, ‘Hey, Pana is a good place to live,’ ” Dean said. “We’re only 35 miles from Decatur. We’re 40 miles from Springfield. We have great schools. We have a good hospital. In fact, our hospital is just getting ready to put on about a $12 million expansion. ... We have recreation. We have everything that you would want to have.” Dean added that Pana is a supportive community. “The people are so giving, and so you ought to come live with us,” he said. Thompson said Dean spoke eloquently at the town meeting about how the community could support Pana Pride. “He told the people that, ‘If you don’t ever want to come to a meeting or if you don’t want to be involved in any of the things that we do, if you just mowed your yard, if you just do something to beautify your property, then we would consider you a member of Pana Pride,’ ” Thompson said. Said Dean: “Just take pride where you’re at and what you own.” -- Contact Tamara Browning: tamara.browning@sj-r.com, 788-1534, twitter.com/tambrowningSJR. *** Want to participate? Donations may be made by sending checks payable to Pana Pride to: P.O. Box 166, Pana, IL 62557. The website is www.panapride.org, email is info@panapride.org, and it is on Facebook. Pana Pride meets the second Tuesday of each month with committees meeting at 6 p.m. and the general meeting at 7. The next meeting will be June 13. For the summer, meetings will take place at First United Methodist Church, 619 Kitchell St. Yard of the Month Each month from May through October, a focus street will be announced so that homeowners and renters on that street will have a month to maintain or make improvements to their yards. The focus street for June is Maple Street. At the end of the month, a panel of judges will choose the Yard of the Month. Winners get $25 in “Chamber Dollars” to be spent at a business that is a Pana Chamber of Commerce member. A “Pana Pride Yard of the Month” sign will be placed in the winner’s yard for the following month. The May Yard of the Month winner is at 311 E. Locust St.  About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile Advertise With Us Contact Us Subscribe Place an Ad Commenting Rules Archives Marketplace Cars Homes Classifieds Newspaper Ads Garage Sale Directory Sections News State Government Sports The Voice Local Entertainment Information Social Media Directory E-edition Today's Front Page Text Alerts Calendar Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The State Journal-Register ~ Springfield, IL 62701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police, Fire, Courts State Government Local Government Education Health Health Blogs School closings Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports Illini High schools High School Football Junior Blues UIS, Local Colleges Score reporting forms Auto Racing Entertainment TV Guide Movie times Sudoku Games Calendar Life The Voice Food Restaurant Reviews Celebrations Beliefs Health Opinion Editorials Letters Bernard Schoenburg Columns How to submit a letter, column Photos The Visual Journal Send us Your Pix Business Obituaries More Videos Calendar Football Scores Salary Databases Social Media Directory Front pages Contests Branded Content Subscriber My Profile E-edition Text Alerts Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Garage Sale Directory Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications SUBSCRIBE TODAY Choose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery. Action
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg News Weather National Video Contests Traffic TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local News Weather National Video Contests Traffic Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow   Stories Donate Now More Stories Donate Now Miracle Weekend May 29, 2017 1:44 pm Updated: June 4, 2017 8:49 pm UPDATE: 30th annual Miracle Weekend raises $20,300,680 By Staff Global News ; The Miracle Weekend to support BC Children's Hospital takes place from Saturday June 3 to Sunday June 4. Miracle Weekend What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen UPDATE: Thanks to the support of all those who generously donated this weekend, $20,300,680 were raised during the 30th annual Miracle Weekend.  $20,300,680!! 30 years & over $300M raised for the most critical needs at BC Children's. Thank you BC for a record breaking #MiracleWeekend pic.twitter.com/uDVrpDGHkY — BCChildren'sHosp Fdn (@BCCHF) June 5, 2017 The 30th annual Miracle Weekend is taking place from Saturday, June 3 to Sunday, June 4. The event starts at 6:55 p.m. on Saturday and runs until 5:30 p.m. on Sunday. Story continues below Broadcasting live on Global BC and Global Okanagan, you will also be able to watch it via our livestream above. We will be raising money for BC Children’s Hospital, and also hearing compelling stories from patients, their families, caregivers and supporters of the hospital about how Miracle Weekend raises much-needed funds for sick and injured children around the province. Donate Now Some well-known Global BC faces will be hosting the event, including Chris Gailus, Sophie Lui, Squire Barnes, Anne Drewa, Sonia Sunger and many more. Last year, more than $20 million was raised during the weekend. Since 1987, British Columbia has raised more than $262 million through Miracle Weekend fundraising for patients at BC Children’s Hospital. Check out all of our coverage online. Join the conversation and follow our coverage on social media: Twitter: @bcchf Facebook: /BCCHF Instagram: @bcchf #MiracleWeekend #MiracleMoment WATCH: Reid’s story – Heart disorders in children are more common than you might think. Three-year- old Reid van Rossum of Nanaimo, B.C. was born with a severe heart defect and required the immediate care of BC Children’s Hospital’s cardiac team. Follow Reid’s journey from birth onwards as he endures surgery and other procedures in order to have a chance for a long, healthy life. WATCH: Taylin’s story – Meet Taylin McGill, BC Children’s Hospital Champion Child for 2017 presented by Walmart. In this video, Taylin and her family describe her courageous story and what BC Children’s Hospital means to them. WATCH: Colton’s story – On a cold night just before Christmas 2015, emergency caregivers at BC Children’s Hospital worked frantically to save the life of a boy named Colton, who was in cardiac arrest. This is Colton’s miraculous story. © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error Miracle Weekend Miracle Weekend 2017 Watch Miracle Weekend 2017 Editor's Picks Politics Donald Trump's Paris pull-out would put Justin Trudeau, Canadian businesses on alert, critics warn Money New GDP numbers could be bad news for Canadians with debt Canada Who wins and who loses in Ontario's decision to raise minimum wage to $15 an hour? BC election 2017 'Is John Horgan B.C.'s premier now?' And other questions, answered Canada Ontario vs. Alberta smackdown: Which will lead Canadian growth this year? Lifestyle What is sologamy and why are women doing it? Politics Canada won't stop sharing intelligence with the U.S. – but should they? Latest Miracle Weekend Videos 04:33 Feature Miracle Weekend: Reid’s story 04:08 Feature Miracle Weekend: Taylin’s story 04:41 Feature Miracle Weekend: Colton’s story 02:21 Global News Hour at 6 BC More than $20 million raised in 29th annual Miracle Weekend 02:07 Global News Hour at 6 BC Chris Gailus tries his hand at suturing 03:49 Global News Morning BC Miracle Weekend: 2016 BCCHF Champion Child 03:18 Global News Hour at 6 BC One teen’s struggle and success in battling OCD 03:41 Health Miracle Weekend: Maya’s story 04:00 Health Miracle Weekend: Aidan’s story 02:50 Health Miracle Weekend: Pediatric surgeries transform kids’ lives 02:28 Global News Hour at 6 BC Delta boy recovering after asthma-induced heart attack 04:27 BC Children's Hospital Miracle Weekend: Carlee’s story 03:54 Global News Morning BC Miracle Weekend: New hospital timeline 02:20 Global News Hour at 6 BC B.C. doctor introduces alternative scoliosis surgical treatment in Canada 04:44 Global News Morning BC Miracle Weekend: Treating kids with cancer 02:26 Global News Hour at 6 BC 28th Miracle Weekend raises over $18 million 02:06 Global News Hour at 6 BC B.C. Children’s Hospital research debunks stereotypes around video gaming 02:16 Global News Hour at 6 BC Miracle Weekend: Meet Sukhmani 02:26 Global News Morning BC Miracle Weekend: Brooke Malakoff 04:11 Global News Morning BC Miracle Weekend: Faris Abdulwahab FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Want to discuss? Please read our Commenting Policy first. Latest Headlines June 5, 2016 More than $20 million raised in 29th annual Miracle Weekend June 3, 2016 How an OCD camp is helping B.C. teenagers June 2, 2016 Watch the Miracle Weekend 2016 live June 1, 2016 Delta boy recovering after asthma-induced heart attack May 31, 2016 BC doctor first in Canada to use new procedure to treat scoliosis More Headlines → Popular Now This family of 4 is travelling the world on business class through travel rewards 99675 London attacks: 6 killed in 'terrorist incident', three terrorists also shot dead 99296 Londoners fought back by hurling chairs and bottles at armed attackers 97242 Brits find comic relief in images of man calmly clutching pint after London attacks 95930 Britain's Theresa May calls for containment of Islamic extremism after London attack 76224 Sponsored content Popular Videos New issues raised about new home occupancy in another Ontario community WATCH NOW Viewer Video: Tornado seen near Three Hills, Alberta WATCH NOW Ariana Grande changes One Love Manchester set for victim who died in attack WATCH NOW Family of baby boy found dead in Edmonton speak out WATCH NOW London police chief commends “extraordinary” courage of officers and victims WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us @ Newsletter Youtube Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Taste-Off: The best fruit snacks — and the… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Bill Maher apologizes Big Sur highway: Worth saving? Skyrocketing campus costs Ropeless Yosemite climb Epic whitewater rafting season Steve Kerr’s return Lifestyle Eat & Drink Taste-Off: The best fruit snacks — and the total fails Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Fruit snacks are a kid-pleasing addition to the lunchbox, but while some varieties offer authentic fruit flavor — from fruit concentrates and purees — others are simply nasty. (Getty Images) By Jolene Thym, correspondent | Bay Area News Group PUBLISHED: May 29, 2017 at 10:00 am | UPDATED: May 30, 2017 at 4:11 am Tucked between sandwich and chips, a pouch of sweet, chewy fruit snacks is exactly what every kid hopes to find in his lunchbox. They’re a quasi-healthy sweet, a not-quite-candy treat loved by kids of all ages. Of course, actual fresh fruit is always a better lunchbox choice, but if you’re going to occasionally go the fruit snack route, there are a few things to know. The best fruit snacks are made with natural ingredients, including fruit juice, fruit concentrates and purees, and deliver 60 mg. of vitamin C, the recommended daily dose for adults. They’re sweet but not cloying, chewy but not rubbery. Unfortunately, far too many pouches hold faulty snacks; they’re too sugary, they stick to fingers or teeth, or taste like cough drops — or worse. Here’s the scoop on the best of the bunch — and the ones to banish from your lunchbox. Nutrition details refer to an individual pouch. (Note: Use caution when serving fruit snacks to little ones. Fruit snacks can pose a choking risk for children under 4.) Annie’s Tropical Treat Organic Bunny Fruit Snacks Related Articles Taste-off: The best marinades — and the mari-don’ts Authentic fruit flavors push these adorable bunnies to the top of the list. They’re extra tender, with bright, lemony flavors. 70 calories, 45 mg sodium, 11 g sugar. $4.59 for five .8-ounce pouches at Whole Foods. Larger boxes can be found at some Costco stores. (4 stars) Mott’s Medleys Assorted Fruit Flavored Snacks A soft, if slightly sticky, chew and bold fruit make these bargain-priced snacks one of the best. The flavor comes from a blend of fruit and carrot concentrates. 80 calories, 30 mg sodium, 10 g sugar. $3.79 for 10 .8-ounce pouches at Safeway. Larger boxes can be found at Costco. (3½ stars) Horizon Bunch O’ Berries Organic Fruit Snacks These small, berry-flavored cows are tender, with a perfect balance of flavors. Their only flaw is that they all taste like strawberry. 70 calories, 45 mg sodium, 10 g sugar. $4.49 for five .8-ounce pouches at Sprouts Market. (3 stars) Treetop Fruit Flavored Snacks Those who prefer firm texture and don’t mind extra sugar will love these candylike bites. (Again, be cautious with young eaters.) 80 calories, 20 mg sodium, 14 g sugar. $12.99 for 80 .9-ounce pouches at Costco. (2½ stars) Welch’s Berries ’N Cherries Fruit Snacks Sugar is the most pronounced flavor here, but these mainstream, ordinary snacks are likely to please even picky eaters. 80 calories, 10 mg sodium, 11 g sugar. $12.99 for 80 .9-ounce pouches at Costco. (2 stars) YumEarth Gummy Bears Flavorwise, these snacks win: Pomegranate, strawberry, mango and peach all taste like the real deal. The problem is that the tough, rubbery texture makes them hard to eat. 70 calories, 10 mg sodium, 9 g sugar. $4.99 for 10 .7-ounce pouches at Whole Foods. (2 stars) O Organics Mixed Berry Fruit Snacks The ultra-sweet, fruit leatherlike texture of these star-shaped snacks makes these one of the most fruit-forward in the tasting, but the bites are a bit dry and leave your hands sticky. Unlike most, these deliver just 9 mg. of vitamin C. 80 calories, no sodium, 17 g sugar. $3.99 for six .81-ounce pouches at Safeway. (2 stars) Sunkist Mixed Fruit Flavored Snacks Natural citrus flavors and fun shapes are a plus, but these bites are so sticky, they cling to your teeth. 80 calories, 35 mg sodium, 10 g sugar. $5.99 for 24 .8-ounce pouches at Safeway. (1½ stars) Stonyfield Farm Organic Mixed Berry Fruity Cows These funny cows are cute, but they taste like cough syrup. 70 calories, 30 mg sodium, 10 g sugar. $3.99 for six .8-ounce pouches at Safeway. (1 star) Kellogg’s Paw Patrol Assorted Fruit Flavored Snacks The sugar-forward, manufactured flavor of these nearly taste-free character shapes does not impress.  70 calories, no sodium, 11 g sugar. $3.79 for 22 .8-ounce pouches at Walmart. (½ a star for the vitamin C) Go Organically Fruit Medley Fruit Snacks These have a dense, chewy texture, but they taste more like vitamins than fruit. 70 calories, 10 mg sodium, 12 g sugar. $4.49 for eight .8-ounce pouches at Safeway. (No stars) Jamba Organic Fruit Bites These horrible little bites, made from apple and strawberry puree and vegetable extracts, taste like a multivitamin — a stale one. 60 calories, no sodium, 12 g sugar. $5.49 for six .63-ounce pouches at Safeway. (No stars) Reviews are based on product samples purchased by this newspaper or provided by manufacturers. Contact Jolene Thym at timespickyeater@gmail.com. Read more Taste-off columns at www.mercurynews.com/tag/taste-off. Tags:  Food Taste Off Jolene Thym, correspondent Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Miss Manners: Impatient customer rammed me with a cart at the grocery store Carolyn Hax: I discovered revenge is not so sweet Ask Amy: My father’s engaged to a woman with a shaky past Roadshow: Thoughtless neighbors and their cars are driving us batty Kevin Durant dominates defensively as Warriors push up 2-0 on Cavaliers in Finals 20 years ago: ‘Bodies came falling out of the sky’ in East Bay water park tragedy Q&A: Steve Kerr explains his decision to return to the sidelines Man knifed on downtown San Jose street expected to survive More in Eat & Drink Rotisserie chicken magic: Udon veggie bowls for a quick dinner June 04, 2017, 10:00 am Leftover rotisserie chicken? Combine shredded chicken with veggies, udon noodles and this sensational dressing for dinner in a bowl. 12 OMG-good extreme ice cream shops in Bay Area June 04, 2017, 3:19 am Rolled, sandwiched or churned-to-order, ice cream is delicious and Instagram-worthy at scoop shops from San Jose’s Icicles to Lafayette’s Smitten Ice Cream. Bay Area wine and beer events: June 4 and beyond June 03, 2017, 11:00 am This month brings beer fests, wine festivals and more to Northern California’s vineyards and venues. Make instant nitro ice cream at home June 03, 2017, 9:00 am Thanks to modernist food techniques, you don’t have to wait forever for homemade ice cream to be ready. Our video shows how. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Miracle Skin Cream Nets Biggest Deal in Shark Tank History Home | Newsfront Tags: Donald Trump | Healthcare Reform | Trump Administration | Tax reform | President Donald Trump | Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin | healthcare reform WSJ: Status Quo Threatens Ambitious Tax Reform (AP) By Sandy Fitzgerald   |   Monday, 29 May 2017 11:02 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    President Donald Trump Sunday tweeted that the process for tax cuts and reform are "ahead of schedule," but Washington's status quo is already taking its toll on some of the deep rate cuts Republicans are seeking, reports The Wall Street Journal. "Eventually you run out of ways to pay for your promises," Alan Cole, an economist at the Tax Foundation, told the publication. "There aren't any free obvious sources of money where you can just do the thing and nobody gets mad." Some of the largest tax code changes, including border adjustments for the corporate tax, ending the deduction for business interest and changing individual tax breaks for retirement and health are already facing resistance. Meanwhile, repealing deductions for state and local taxes appears to be close to a consensus, but party lawmakers whose states lean blue are objecting to that as well. There are some alternatives, including temporary tax cuts that would comply with rules that prevent long-term deficits. Last week, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin did not rule out temporary cuts, telling the House Ways and Means Committee that such measures were "better than nothing," but he said permanent cuts would be better. Lawmakers could also agree to settle on a 25 percent corporate tax rate, not the 20 percent House Republicans back or Trump's 15 percent. Tax reform also became delayed when the Affordable Care Act was not quickly repealed, and the tax bill must wait for the healthcare bill and budget. With the Senate still to work out its revisions to the American Health Care Act, it may take some time before tax reform comes about. Border adjustment especially is meeting wide resistance, with pressure coming from major retailers such as Target and WalMart, who say the measure would create higher prices for customers and threaten their businesses. In addition, Mnuchin has said he'd rather leave the call for interest deduction alone, relaying concerns from small businesses and industries such as real estate, which depend on debt financing. Related Stories: Ryan Keeps Pushing on Border Adjustment Tax Plan Mnuchin to Kudlow: Trump Committed to Getting Tax Reform 'Quickly' © 2017 Newsmax. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Newsfront President Donald Trump Sunday tweeted that the process for tax cuts and reform are "ahead of schedule," but Washington's status quo is already taking its toll on some of the deep rate cuts Republicans are seeking, reports The Wall Street Journal."Eventually you run out of... Tax reform, President Donald Trump, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, healthcare reform 332 Monday, 29 May 2017 11:02 AM 2017-02-29 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics Trump Administration Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like Ariana Grande Sings 'Somewhere Over the Rainbow' to Tearful Manchester Crowd Sunday, 04 Jun 2017 23:22 PM Ariana Grande closed "One Love Manchester" with an emotional rendition of "Somewhere Over the Rainbow" on Sunday. The be . . . CNN Host Reza Aslan Apologizes for Trump Tweet Sunday, 04 Jun 2017 22:35 PM CNN host Reza Aslan apologized on Sunday for a derogatory tweet he directed at President Donald Trump over the president . . . Day of Portland Demonstrations Marked by Arrests, Clashes Sunday, 04 Jun 2017 22:22 PM Thousands of demonstrators and counter protesters converged in downtown Portland, Oregon, on Sunday, a day marked by mul . . . More Most Commented Report: Van Hits Pedestrians at London Bridge Saturday, 03 Jun 2017 | 1186 comments Is Donald Trump looking any better to you globalists yet ????... Report: Trump Decides to Pull US Out of Paris Climate Deal Wednesday, 31 May 2017 | 957 comments This decision is a good one for America. It might be the beginning of the... CNN: Trump Tells Congress He's Pulling Out of Paris Climate Accord Thursday, 01 Jun 2017 | 871 comments I see the leftists crying and saying the Paris Climate Agreement... CNN: Comey to Testify in Public That Trump Pressured Him to End Russia Probe Wednesday, 31 May 2017 | 940 comments Except as political tools because that's all Comey is. A political hack.... Trump: 'Big Story' Is About 'Unmasking and Surveillance' Thursday, 01 Jun 2017 | 897 comments The American people are not stupid, and we are patiently waiting for the... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Persistence Market Research Drinkable Peanut Powder Market to Cross US$ 800.0 Mn by 2024 PMR Long-term outlook on Drinkable Peanut Powder Market: PMR maintains a positive long-term outlook on the global drinkable peanut powder market, anticipating global revenue to exceed US$ 800.0 Mn by 2024, expanding at a CAGR of 5.6% during the forecast period and Global Market Growth Driven Primarily by North America, APEJ over Forecast Period 2016–2024 Persistence Market Research (PMR) estimates the global drinkable peanut powder market to be valued at US$ 518.3 Mn by 2016 end, and register Y-o-Y growth of 5.5% as compared to that in 2015 Key players in the global drinkable peanut powder market: The J.M. Smucker Company, Golden Peanut and Tree Nuts, Santa Cruz, Bell Research Companies, Peanut Butter & Co., The Tru-Nut Company, Sukrin Ltd., Protein Plus, LLC, BetterBody Foods, and Nutrinity. Factors such as increasing demand for beverages, nutritious products, and plant-based proteins coupled with increasing health consciousness and awareness among consumers, and increasing production and consumption of peanuts and peanuts-based products are expected to drive growth of the global drinkable peanut powder market. Additionally, increasing penetration of retail and online distribution by major retailers and favorable food regulation by government and regulatory bodies such as the FDA in North America and EFSA in Europe are expected to fuel the overall growth of the global drinkable peanut powder market. The increasing popularity and consumer preferences for online retail channel for purchasing drinkable peanut powder products is expected to result in significant growth over the forecast period. On the basis of product type, the global drinkable peanut powder market has been segmented into soluble (powder) and insoluble (particle). In terms of value share, soluble (powder) segment is expected to emerge the most attractive segment, with 64.1% share by 2024. This is attributed to the rich taste and easy solubility of soluble (powder) drinkable peanut powder products. On the basis of application, the global drinkable peanut powder market has been segmented into shakes, smoothies and flavored beverages. In terms of value share, shakes segment is expected to emerge the most attractive segment, with 44.8% market share by 2024, followed by smoothies segment with 34.9% market share. Request to view table of content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/drinkable-peanut-powder-market/toc On the basis of distribution channel, the global drinkable peanut powder market has been segmented into super market & hypermarket, departmental stores, and online retailing. Super market & hypermarket is a major channel for sales of drinkable peanut powder. Super market & hypermarket segment is estimated to account for 46.2% market share of the global market by 2016 end, and anticipated to expand at a CAGR of 6.0% during the forecast period. Online retailing segment is estimated to be valued at US$ 143.2 Mn by 2016 end. Online retail is one of the most significant distribution channels used by various companies. Online retailers such as Amazon.com, Drugstore.com, Walmart.com, and Vitacost enable companies to enhance product penetration and expand consumer base. A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/11227 As per regional segmentation analysis, North America is expected to account for 37.8% share in the global market by 2016 end, registering a CAGR of 5.7% over the forecast period. Asia Pacific excluding Japan (APEJ) and Western Europe are major markets for drinkable peanut powder products. China and India are the major markets in the APEJ region. CategoriesGoogle News TagsDrinkable Peanut Powder, Drinkable Peanut Powder Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Thyroid Hormone Disorder Drug Industry Growth Analysis & Environment Development Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Next PostNext Global Accounting Software Market Key Manufacturers Analysis 2017 Search Recent Posts How to drive content engagement on every platform XRF Analysers Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Wireless Router Market: 2017 Global Trend and 2022 Forecast Research Report Global Vacuum Pumps Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Las Vegas Sun June 4, 2017 Currently: 98° — Complete forecast Las Vegas Sun News Business Sports Politics Opinion Entertainment Calendar Health Las Vegas Weekly The Sunday Betting Las Vegas Raiders UNLV sports Gaming Vegas Golden Knights Smith's World Newsletter signup 0 Why low unemployment has failed to spur large wage growth Minh Uong / The New York Times Worker pay isn’t rising as fast as low unemployment rates would suggest. That reflects low productivity growth, a major challenge for the economy. By Neil Irwin, New York Times News Service Monday, May 29, 2017 | 2 a.m. One of the economy’s biggest mysteries is this: The labor market is the strongest it has been in a decade, yet wages are rising barely faster than inflation. For some reason, the booming job market and ultralow unemployment rate, which fell to 4.4 percent in April, haven’t led employers to raise pay in a meaningful way. That flies in the face of a basic assumption of how the economy works: A tight labor market is expected to lead to pay increases that in turn fuel broader inflation. But the mystery of the missing pay raises may have a surprisingly simple solution, and one that sheds light on the larger economic challenges of our age. Consider a simple model for how much the average worker’s pay ought to be rising: You could simply add together the productivity growth rate — how rapidly the output generated by each hour of labor is increasing — and the inflation rate, which tells us how quickly prices are rising. Over the last 24 months through March, inflation has come in at 1.4 percent a year, and productivity growth at 0.6 percent. Those are very low numbers. And in our supersimple model, you may expect average worker wages to have risen only 2 percent. In fact, the average hourly earnings for nonmanagerial private sector workers rose 2.4 percent a year in that period. You may not feel like cheering about that, but it’s more than we might have expected, with inflation and productivity so weak. The real mystery, then, isn’t why wages are rising so slowly, but why they’re rising so fast. If anything, the numbers show that workers are capturing more than their share of the spoils from a growing economy. And that, as it happens, is the reverse of a decadeslong trend. For most of the last half-century — 84 percent of the time since 1966 — average wages have grown more slowly than would be predicted based on productivity and inflation growth. The rise in the share of employee compensation that takes the form of health benefits instead of wages is a factor, but doesn’t explain the whole gap; for long stretches, that gap exceeded 2 percentage points a year. That means the labor share of national income was shrinking, or, more plainly, that workers’ slice of the economic pie got smaller while the part taken by shareholders and other owners of capital grew. In the past few years, though, that trend has partly reversed: Workers’ slice of the pie has increased a bit. More than at any time since 1970, wage gains in the two years through June 2016 outstripped the gains predicted by inflation and productivity in our simple model. Why? Minimum wage increases in several states probably contributed. Obama administration efforts to shift the playing field toward workers may have helped, too. But we don’t know whether this is a temporary blip or the beginning of a trend in which employee paychecks will swell with a greater share of the fruits of economic growth. Surely, the low unemployment rate is an important factor. Economic theory tells us that when workers are scarce, employers have to raise wages, though it hasn’t always worked out that way: Wage growth underperformed productivity and inflation during some periods of low joblessness, including in the mid-1980s and mid-2000s. Indeed, economists at Goldman Sachs recently studied which factors drive wage trends in 10 major economies and identified low productivity growth as the main culprit behind the recent weakness in wage numbers around the world. (Low inflation, Jan Hatzius and Sven Jari Stehn found, has been “a negative but more temporary factor.”) Recently, labor costs have begun to grow faster than revenue for some companies, which attribute that development to a mix of government policy and general good times. “While food costs are pretty benign, you are seeing, certainly in some markets, some pretty good inflation rate in wages,” Patrick Doyle, chief executive of Domino’s Pizza, said in a recent conference call with analysts. “Some of it is a result of the minimum wage, but some of it is simply because there are areas in the country where employment levels are strong.” Even if we don’t have complete answers, that much is relatively straightforward. But the wage question quickly leads us into more difficult economic questions. Everything in macroeconomics is linked, though not in ways that are fully understood. The relationship between joblessness and inflation is known as the Phillips curve, for example, and it points downward: The lower the unemployment rate, the higher the inflation rate should be. Or at least that’s the theory, and one that is a starting assumption for a great deal of policymaking. The Federal Reserve Board reckons it can’t let the unemployment rate get too low, or a burst of inflation will come. In reality, though, the relationship between unemployment and inflation is not straightforward and seems to be always moving. Even less is known about the ties between wages and productivity. This is particularly important if, as our analysis of wage trends suggests, low productivity growth is the culprit behind Americans’ small inflation-adjusted pay increases during the last few years. One way of thinking about productivity growth is that it is rooted in unpredictable innovations that have little to do with anything else in the economy. Say a genius inventor creates a robot that mows your lawn perfectly. Human landscapers might lose their jobs, but if they find something worthwhile to do, the productive capacity of the economy will grow. The causation could go in other directions, however: Wage growth, or the lack of it, might affect innovation and productivity. Perhaps if businesses pay their employees as little as possible, for example, those companies will lose the incentive to train and develop more productive workers. Some employers, including mega-retailer Wal-Mart, have examined this problem and found that by paying somewhat more in wages, they get a more productive workforce. That suggests that the productivity slump could be a result of businesses that have failed to pass on the gains from a growing economy to their workers for decades. Some left-of-center economists are exploring whether a higher minimum wage or a stronger social welfare system might increase productivity growth and the supply of labor. Unfortunately, the picture isn’t entirely clear. The process by which businesses and their workers become more productive is something of a black box, deeply important yet not really understood. But perhaps we can at least ask better questions: The real mystery isn’t why wage growth is so low, but why productivity is so low. And solving it could leave both workers and their bosses better off. 0 Join the Discussion: Check this out for a full explanation of our conversion to the LiveFyre commenting system and instructions on how to sign up for an account. Full comments policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Popular Viewed Trending What to know about Clark County’s new academic calendar NBA Finals in Las Vegas: Game 2 betting odds, picks and preview Las Vegas’ artiste de billard Let’s leave childish behavior to 2-year-olds From sea to glowing sea: Yucca Mountain a threat to 44 states Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Tumblr Email Edition RSS Scene in Las Vegas Comedy: Chris Rock storms into Park Theater Dining: Delicious ambience at Giada Music: Common plays the Hard Rock's pool Featured Galleries Mecum Las Vegas Motorcycle Auction PARADE The Collective The Phantom Inside Look More photos » AP Headlines Calendar 4 Sun 5 Mon 6 Tue 7 Wed 8 Thu Salsa Sundays Tuscany Suites & Casino Happy Hour at Koi Lounge Koi Ghostbar Sundays Ghostbar | 10 p.m. to 11:59 p.m. All events on Sunday » Monday beer specials at Murphy’s Law Bar & Grill Murphy's Law Unlock Your Mondays Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas Penn & Teller Penn & Teller Theater All events on Monday » Happy Hour at Rojo Lounge at Palms Place Palms Place Hotel & Spa Tuesday Nights at Tempo Lounge Westgate Las Vegas & Casino Tournament Tuesdays Rockhouse All events on Tuesday » Live Music at Tivoli Village Tivoli Village Karaoke at Calico Jack's Saloon Calico Jack's Saloon <em>Vegas! The Show</em> Saxe Theater All events on Wednesday » Amanda Avila Tuscany Suites & Casino Ghostbar Industry Thursdays Ghostbar Haus Party Happy Hour Beerhaus at The Park, 3782 Las Vegas Blvd. S., Las Vegas, NV 89119 All events on Thursday » News Entertainment Opinion Sports Politics Vegas INC - Business U.S. & World Today's Paper Jobs Locally owned and independent since 1950; Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, best news website in the nation & DuPont Award for broadcast journalism About Us Contact Us Advertising FAQ User Agreement Awards Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Mobile Greenspun Media Group Vegas Inc Las Vegas Weekly Las Vegas Magazine SMP Vegas © Las Vegas Sun, 2017, All Rights Reserved Las Vegas Sun 2275 Corporate Circle, Ste. 300 Henderson, NV 89074
Skip to content About DV Archives Donate Contact Us Submissions Books Links Browse by Topic “Aid”  (25) “The West”  (6) “Third” Party  (303) (Ex-)Yugoslavia  (109) /dev/null  (258) 9-11  (159) Abortion  (20) Academic Freedom  (170) Activism  (1,966) Adoption  (1) Afghanistan  (773) Africa  (172) Agriculture  (166) ALBA  (14) Algeria  (11) Anarchism  (163) Angola  (12) Anthropology  (3) Anti-slavery  (90) Anti-war  (1,113) Aotearoa (New Zealand)  (35) Apartheid  (3) Argentina  (63) Armenia  (16) Arts and/or Entertainment  (157) ASEAN  (1) Asia  (100) Assassinations  (215) Austerity  (192) Australia  (181) Austria  (16) Azerbaijan  (14) Bahrain  (55) Bangladesh  (24) Banks  (520) Barack Obama  (418) BDS (Boycott Divestment and Sanctions Movement)  (18) Beer  (5) Belarus  (9) Belgium  (22) Belize  (1) Blowback  (156) Bolivia (Warisata)  (85) Book Review  (550) Botswana  (5) Boycott  (187) Brazil  (123) BRICS  (29) Bulgaria  (10) Burkina Faso  (5) Burundi  (9) Cambodia  (44) Cameroon  (2) Canada  (568) Capitalism  (2,005) Carding/Profiling  (1) Caribbean  (28) Cartoon  (132) Caucasus  (41) Censorship  (262) Central African Republic  (1) Central Ixachilan (America)  (57) Chad  (1) Charter Schools  (5) Chemical weapons  (6) Children/Youth  (302) Chile  (72) China  (488) CIA  (341) Civil Disobedience  (108) Civil Liberties  (478) Classism  (747) Climate Change  (445) Cluster bombs  (6) Colombia  (108) Colonialism  (403) Communism/Marxism/Maoism  (210) Consumer Advocacy  (156) Corporate Globalization  (1,001) Corruption  (865) Costa Rica  (10) Crime  (226) Crimes against Humanity  (726) Crimes against Peace  (73) Cuba  (211) Culture  (1,061) Currency  (82) Cyber attacks  (25) Cyprus  (11) Czech Republic  (14) Darfur  (8) Death Penalty  (53) Debt  (130) Democracy  (1,339) Democratic Rep. Congo  (79) Democrats  (967) Denmark  (39) Disasters  (162) Discrimination  (438) Disinformation  (1,276) Djibouti  (8) Dominican Republic  (6) Donald Trump  (209) Drones  (287) Drug Trafficking  (1) Drug Wars  (131) East Timor  (26) Ecocide  (2) Ecology  (7) Economy/Economics  (1,449) Ecuador  (83) Education  (602) Egypt  (322) El Salvador  (24) Elections  (1,106) Empire  (798) Employment  (248) Energy  (393) EnMo Economics  (3) Environment  (1,028) Environmentalists  (63) Equatorial Guinea  (4) Eritrea  (17) Espionage/”Intelligence”  (632) Ethiopia  (38) EU  (262) Eurasia  (4) Europe  (213) Extinction  (24) Fake News  (25) False Flag  (24) Fascism  (300) FBI  (139) Federal Reserve  (2) Feminism  (44) Fiction  (73) Fiji  (1) Film Review  (187) Finance  (577) Finland  (12) Fishing/Fish farming  (23) Food/Nutrition  (247) Fracking  (114) France  (338) Freedom of Expression/Speech  (305) Gabon  (1) Gender  (162) General  (814) Genocide  (325) George W. Bush  (4) Georgia  (9) Germany  (235) Ghana  (2) Global Inequality  (2) GMO  (116) Greece  (191) Grenada  (6) Guantanamo  (78) Guatemala  (35) Guinea  (3) Guns  (107) Haiti  (150) Health/Medical  (751) Heroes  (122) History  (733) Honduras  (79) Housing/Homelessness  (221) Human Rights  (1,054) Humor  (156) Hungary  (18) Hunger  (107) Iceland  (36) IMF  (105) Immigration/Immigrants  (6) Imperialism  (1,399) Incarceration  (327) India  (218) Indonesia  (80) Insurance  (7) International Criminal Court  (35) International Law  (4) Internet  (118) Interview  (302) Iran  (764) Iraq  (1,152) Ireland  (37) Israel/Palestine  (2,958) Italy  (74) Ivory Coast  (3) Jamaica  (1) Japan  (222) Jordan  (74) Journalism  (97) Justice  (698) Kalaallit Nunaat/Greenland  (17) Kazakhstan  (3) Kenya  (10) Korea  (144) Kuwait  (40) Kyrgyzstan  (13) Labor  (721) Land Use  (2) Language  (233) Laos  (27) Latvia  (7) Leaving da Camera On  (2) Lebanon  (172) Legal/Constitutional  (434) LGBTQ  (68) Liberia  (2) Libertarianism  (34) Libya  (459) Life/Animal Rights  (214) Literature  (71) Logging  (23) Macedonia  (1) Malaysia  (24) Mali  (28) Marijuana  (13) Markets  (107) Massacres  (8) Mauritania  (1) Media  (2,191) Mercenaries  (210) Mexico  (180) Micronesia  (1) Middle East  (513) Migration  (202) Militarism  (2,761) Mining  (140) Money supply  (65) Mongolia  (3) Morocco  (14) Mossad  (41) Motor vehicles  (1) Mozambigue  (1) Music  (143) Myanmar/Burma  (38) Namibia  (7) Narrative  (349) NASA  (1) NATO  (459) Neoliberalism  (721) Nepal  (13) Netherlands  (15) New Orleans  (94) NGOs  (169) Nicaragua  (41) Niger  (1) Nigeria  (27) Norway  (48) NSA  (132) Nuclear Energy  (62) Nukes  (282) Obituary  (101) Occupy movement  (104) Oceania  (10) Oceans/Seas  (152) Oil, Gas, Coal, Pipelines  (465) Olympics  (9) Oman  (1) Opinion  (604) Original Peoples  (419) Osama Bin Laden  (51) Pakistan  (341) Panama  (24) Papua New Guinea  (3) Paraguay  (29) Patriotism  (65) Peru  (30) Pesticides  (42) Pharmaceuticals  (122) Philippines  (60) Philosophy  (337) Poetry  (1,502) Poland  (23) Police  (548) Political Prisoners  (95) Politics  (342) Pollution  (133) Portugal  (20) Poverty  (458) Prejudice  (437) Prison Industry  (6) Privacy  (141) Privatization  (153) Propaganda  (1,353) Psychology/Psychiatry  (205) Public Relations  (2) Puerto Rico  (34) Qatar  (109) Racism  (1,200) Referendums  (28) Refugees  (235) Religion  (564) Rendition  (15) Renewables  (65) Resistance  (573) Revolution  (420) Right Wing Jerks  (588) Romania  (7) Russia  (748) Rwanda  (56) Salmon  (23) Sanctions  (111) Satire  (205) Saudi Arabia  (332) School Yard Fights  (110) Science/Technology  (394) Security  (295) Serbia  (4) Settlements  (3) Sexuality  (95) Seychelles  (1) Sierra Leone  (4) Singapore  (4) Slavery  (5) Slovakia  (1) Social media  (64) Social Security  (136) Socialism  (361) Society  (5) Solidarity  (610) Solitary confinement  (5) Somalia  (90) South Africa  (74) South Ixachilan (America)  (161) South Sudan  (11) Spain  (88) Sports  (172) Sri Lanka  (60) Statism  (62) Students  (234) Sudan  (38) Supreme Court  (111) Sustainability  (112) Sweat shop  (30) Sweden  (58) Switzerland  (29) Syria  (843) Taiwan  (4) Tajikistan  (4) Tanzania  (6) Tax  (188) Tea Party movement  (123) Terrorism (state and retail)  (849) Thailand  (17) The Lobby  (334) Tibet  (9) Torture  (413) Torture  (3) TPP  (109) Trade  (105) Transparency/Secrecy  (50) Transportation  (69) Tunisia  (55) Turkey  (268) Turkmenistan  (2) Turtle Island  (55) Uganda  (31) Ukraine  (296) Unions  (343) United Arab Emirates  (35) United Kingdom  (924) United Nations  (591) United States  (49) Universal Basic Income  (3) Universities/Colleges  (5) Uruguay  (19) US Hypocrisy  (19) Uzbekistan  (5) Venezuela  (260) Video  (346) Viet Nam  (230) Vote  (5) Wage  (68) Wage Slavery  (3) Wall Street  (189) War Crimes  (989) Water  (153) Wealthfare  (1) Weaponry  (394) Weapons Sales  (25) West Papua  (9) Western Sahara  (6) Whistleblowing  (293) WikiLeaks  (235) Yemen  (221) Zambia  (2) Zimbabwe  (15) Zionism  (1,165) Poetry on Sunday Latest Articles Now Float Me Down Gary Corseri / 06/04/2017 Why the London Terror Attack Occurred Now Jonathan Cook / 06/04/2017 Trump Follows Previous US Presidents Who Have Undermined Climate Action Kevin Zeese and Margaret Flowers / 06/04/2017 Camelford Shadows Paul Tristram / 06/04/2017 Until Great Bretton Woods to high Capitol hill shall come… T.P. Wilkinson / 06/04/2017 When I Grow Up… Raymond Nat Turner / 06/04/2017 Assemblage of Deception Ken Allan Dronsfield / 06/04/2017 Arcanum XII: after Osip Mandelstam Stefanie Bennett / 06/04/2017 A Time to Seek Scott Thomas Outlar / 06/04/2017 Naked Michael A. Griffith / 06/04/2017 Recommended Reading The CIA as Organized Crime: How Illegal Operations Corrupt America and the World Douglas Valentine The Structural-Anarchism Manifesto Michel Luc Bellemare Being in Time: A Post-Political Manifesto Gilad Atzmon Washington's Long War on Syria Stephen Gowans Requiem for the American Dream Noam Chomsky China is Communist, Dammit!: Dawn of the Red Dynasty Jeff J Brown Debt as Power Tim Di Muzio and Richard H. Robbins The Drug War: A Trillion Dollar Con Game Brian Saady A Propaganda System: How Canada’s Government, Corporations, Media and Academia Sell War Yves Engler How to Win Friends and Avoid Sacred Cows: Weird Adventures in India: Hindus, Sikhs, and Muslims When the Peace Corps was New David Macaray More books » We Don’t Need No Stinkin’ Liberals: One Good Lob of the Molotov by Paul Haeder / May 29th, 2017 In B. Traven’s novel, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre (1927): “All right,” Curtin shouted back. “If you are the police, where are your badges? Let’s see them.” “Badges, to god-damned hell with badges! We have no badges. In fact, we don’t need badges. I don’t have to show you any stinking badges, you god-damned cabrón and chinga tu madre!” The line was popularized by John Huston’s 1948 film adaptation of the novel, which was altered from its content in the novel to meet the Motion Picture Production Code regulations severely limiting profanity in film. In one scene, a Mexican bandit leader named “Gold Hat” (portrayed by Alfonso Bedoya) tries to convince Fred C. Dobbs (Humphrey Bogart) that he and his company are Federales: Dobbs: “If you’re the police, then where are your badges?” Gold Hat: “Badges? We ain’t got no badges. We don’t need no badges. I don’t have to show you any stinkin’ badges!” So they call you in for a little talk. No worries, just come on in and we need to talk. No bothering to bring in anything with you. Nor anyone else shall be here to bear witness. Door closes. Hands crossed. Little envelope in hand. You sit there, wondering how an old white woman with a slew of white women in her stable can come at a black woman and begin to lecture on the tone of things. It’s one half degree removed from being called an uppity black woman. Imagine this, and you attempt to hold your ground – self-advocate as we tell all our vulnerable clients to do so – and then each smart retort to the fool’s reasoning for terminating gets her louder and louder. You’ve got that smart phone recording it, the crescendo of someone who is supposed to be superior, going white old woman Trump on you. Except, oh, these faux liberals make fun of Trump, but the perversion is their leader, really, the realm of any Trump their fathers, uncles, ministers, former bosses, et al. You try and get some rational reason for the sack, for taking away income and health insurance. For stripping clients of their social worker. Why oh why is this system so flawed, non-profits the real culprits, self serving, self aggrandizing, self loathing, self important, all in one giant spasm of a faux supervisor sacking instead of shooting for something else. Personal improvement plan? Working with massaging language? Or, how about this change/fix, instead of a pink slip: Hiring some African American diversity expert to teach the entire white mess of non-profits what it means to be white and privileged and black and emancipated in a racist/white supremacy country, state (Oregon)? Your heart sinks, age thirty-two, single parent, black woman looking at the hour glass of white man/woman time. You wonder how these so-called Hillary liberals turned into human wrecks, snitches, mean and recriminating and downright against what it is to be heading up a social services agency. You do not bend or compromise, and the flagging white woman is phlegmatic, unstoppable, insane. Mean, punishing, a sad commentary on so many levels of what it means to be a worker in society lorded over by the lesser ones. Little Eichmanns, money chasers for the poverty-insanity-social work pimping. Daily, these non-profits going through wads of cash for marketing and branding, for building and maintenance, for the pomp of appearing to be modern, new, cutting edge. Branding while workers are stressed, under huge case loads, under the smear of money out the window for new vehicles and endless wasteful highly-paid conferences, junkets, trainings. While workers with degrees are lining up for food boxes. Three to a couch. What have you. This is Portland, this is SF, this is LA, this is Phoenix, this is Chicago, this is America the morning after being screwed for decades by the shekel stampers, all those effete soldiers of finance. All that numbers and data collecting. All these endless ways to make social work or teaching or medicine one giant Excel Spreadsheet. We can spell it with a p and a r and an e . . . . PRE-carity. Constant fight or flight of the mind. Hobbled by one paycheck away from poorhouse, one crappy supervisor making one of a million crappy management (sic) decisions away from pink slip. This is my day and a life as a social worker. What sort of hostile work environment is it when one of the team is sacked within minutes of a day’s start? I’ve been pink slipped, frog marched out of a cubicle or office. These levelers and these places are cesspools of injustice and retribution and small-mindedness. Shift now to the large frame, thirty-five thousand feet up: Precarity, lack of safety nets, zilch for social services paid for and delivered for-by-because of the people. Over and over, the same problem we have in USA – privatization of everything EXCEPT the external costs of corporations doing the business of polluting air, water, land, neighborhoods, economics, cultures, families, ecosystems, education, culture, art, space, public will – is moving like a plague through the rest of the exceptional white world of Canada-Europe-Australia-UK. Variations on a theme, and we are all lobotomized, horned into cognitive disassociation, as if six decades of Stockholm Syndrome have begotten the current shits of the world, from Kissinger to Reagan to Bush-squared to Clinton semi-squared, from Trump to Obama. We actually listen to the media and to the Paul Ryans and the Donald Trumps and all the amazingly perverted and sick people in and around him or those on the other side of the Wall Street-Military Industrial Complex hallway, Democrats. Ad nauseam, these so-called progressive magazines, radio stations, book writers, intellectuals, pundits. Amazing, they just blather on and on about geo-politics or the kabuki of DC or the power of China (no why’s) over the intellectual and economic slid of the EU or USA; all of them, from lobbyists to the very elite, even the lefties have very little backbone to be for and by the people. I am finding very few “college educated” and “business schooled” people knowing shit about what it is to be precarious and on the edge of bankruptcy. Living a life of one eye on the want ads. Each job is temporary, and the attitudes and directives and actual practices of whatever social justice cause might be applied, all of it is measured by the fear and paranoia and dissatisfaction of the worker. Managers are monsters, and the media, well, they are the monster protectors. You know, social workers, teachers, workers, far and wide. The allure of getting an Amy Goodman on the air, or even Joseph Stiglitz or Ralph Nader or Chris Hedges, that is, having their voice boxes and literary spasms be “the all” defining voice of the opposition is more dangerous than any phalanx of Trumpies getting on the air or in the bed of the enemy, whomever that is (Saudi Arabia, Israel, Turkey, et al). How many poor teachers and social workers and others in the trenches get on those liberal shows? Think, zero! Here’s why – the benefactors of the left-wing are afraid of their own shadows, and believe the ideology of well-tossed Molotovs is worse than anything the corporations in cahoots with the government (politicians) are setting the world up for. We are not talking about non-violent economic and structural “violence,” but a systematic violent attack on all fronts – education, culture, economics, through public space, the commons. This indebtedness we all barely breathe under is worse than Molotovs tossed at a Bill Gates compound or some satellite guided yacht. They are the controlled opposition – these idiots yammering on and on about Trump this and Trump that — when the entire ranch – capitalism and demented democracy – is on the chopping/auction block. The vagaries of my life in real time, just over the course of one year, from age 59 to now 60, with a bloody (in the British sense of the word bloody) road-map of twists and turns throughout my adult life, seem to infect what I thought would be a new way to frame the unfolding events of history and my own life evolving. In one sense, validation is the real time of precarity I am living through. The terminal velocity free-fall toward bedlam or extinction has been duly captured here at DV as the editors have graciously published a good chunk of my life going way back to 2006 — “This Land is Your Land, and We All Are Illegal Aliens“. Daily, though, there are a thousand cuts, death by a million drops to the forehead, each new day of not just silliness of the marketing/popular consumer-art-thinking kind, but each minute monetized to put billions into penury and perpetual debt, and each nanosecond plotted to take from the majority, from the people, from cultures still vibrant and firmly NOT American. I would have to say a year has brought me to tears and to the armor of steeled resoluteness of a warrior, and for fuck’s sake, there are good warriors and bad ones, to be sure. Some days it’s Willy Loman, then Walter Middy, then Ted Kaczynski, then Diego Rivera, then Che and then just plain old tree hugging vegetarian former English teacher and reprobate journalist. Luckily, a 21 year old daughter is in the mix, and a significant other and her daughter, a load of friends, and my own precarity like a punch drunk dance in the middle of a hay field with a five gallon bucket of napalm! Mamma said that when I would enter a room, the entire place would know it was me coming in. She was right, from age four, “here comes the little man,” to my twenties and thirties, “every-man,” and then forties “man’s man,” and fifties like a bush fire in the Amazon – fecund, multilayered, full of the lust of life. Throughout the slipstream of life, I’ve been everyone’s brother, every student’s uncle, every girlfriend’s rock, and every wife’s dervish. Irish-German-Scot – born in San Pedro, lived in the Azores and then moved to Canada, then Paris, then, well, from Arizona to the over-thrust of Mejico and the hot lava of the central plains. This or that Isthmus, impenetrable thinker, tinker, troubadour. This bearing witness now, aged 60, well, it makes sense that the way of the Molotov is the only way for some of us. Now what does this mean, “way of the Molotov”? Is it emblematic or symbolic or allegorical? What does it mean to witness all the rapes and murders, daily, minute to minute, through the rampage of bureaucracies of punishment and the debt-plague of the monied elite? We can rebuke and rebuff, these systems of anti-humanity. We can placate our own measly existences, and bargain with this or that lesser devil or angel. It’s what we do, even the deplorables of the Trumplandia disease do their bargaining. We have to bargain life and bargain how much we can commit to a cause or to the revolution, set against the revulsion they all precipitate: Hollywood to Walton to Zuckerberg to Obama to the mercenaries of industry to the faux pundits and communicators of our own cultural anti-culture context. No matter how one square’s it all, though, the pain of those sackings and firings, and the insipidness of the controllers and lesser ones supervising the greater ones, it’s still nerve wracking and despicable. This is not a time to throw one’s hands in the air. It is a time of revolt. And that is not the seminarian revolt, no sirree. We don’t need no stinkin’ badge or no stinkin’ intellectual or no stinkin’ commentator to tell us how to rebel and why we should revolt. All those people wielding power, and they tap dance and soft shoe their way into their corners of lies. It’s only going to take old men and young women, kids and Latinos/as. It’s only going to take retirees and students. It’s only going to take workers and middlings. Farmers, drifters, ex-cons, the homeless, the smart, the downtrodden and the entire precarious class. People of color. Molotovs tossed at the ramparts — JP Morgan Chase, Walmart, McDonalds, Starbucks, Amazon-dot-com. Simple street skirmishes, against the material battering rams the elites and controllers have shoved down our throats and the throats of the yet to be born. How many laws and regs and written-down rules and courses on how to build consensus and make nice will it take to finally strip away the nanny state syndrome and create real revolutionary girls and boys, street people and coders. Add to that the beautiful things. Serendipity. Nirvana. Each intersection with humanity I have, daily, I mean to engender a serious spark or galvanized human exchange . . .  and I mean to have each one of those humanity moments flutter into my mitochondria, to stay with me until the blast furnace of death overcomes me. I want my own terminal velocity to be accompanied by the memories of so many interludes with humanity, in struggle, to be sure, but in their beauty to survive-resist-rebel. Paul Kirk Haeder has been a journalist since 1977. He's covered police, environment, planning and zoning, county and city politics, as well as working in true small town/community journalism situations in Arizona, New Mexico, Texas, Mexico and beyond. He's been a part-time faculty since 1983, and as such has worked in prisons, gang-influenced programs, universities, colleges, alternative high schools, language schools, as a private contractor-writing instructor for US military in Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, and Washington. A forthcoming book (Dec. 15, 2016), Reimagining Sanity: Voices Beyond the Echo Chamber, looks at 10 years of his writing at Dissident Voice, and before, to bring defiance to the world that is now lobotomizing at a rate never before seen in history. Read his autobiography, weekly chapter installments, at LA Progressive. Read other articles by Paul, or visit Paul's website. This article was posted on Monday, May 29th, 2017 at 2:00am and is filed under Activism, Anarchism, Anti-war, Blowback, Capitalism, Crime, Empire, Global Inequality, Patriotism, Philosophy, Politics, Racism, Resistance, Revolution, Socialism, Solidarity. All content © 2007-2017 Dissident Voice and respective authors | Subscribe to the DV RSS feed | Top
Skip to content comics cosplay tv/film games Submit tip Contact CGC Insider Search for: Home > Games > Spider-Man: Homecoming Spidey Suit Drone Is Coming To Skies Near You Spider-Man: Homecoming Spidey Suit Drone Is Coming To Skies Near You Posted by Jeremy Konrad May 28, 2017 Comment One of the more intriguing parts of the new Spidey suit in the upcoming Spider-Man: Homecoming film is the fact that he can pop off the symbol on the front of the suit and use it as a drone to see his surroundings. Like, say, a spider-sense… Anyway, classic Spidey fan in me aside, it does look nifty. And since they’re really hammering home the “Tony Stark as a mentor” thing in this one, it makes sense for them to include such a thing. And since drones are all the rage now, of course you can purchase one of your very own! The Skyrocket Toys official Spider-Drone will come in two different versions. Here are the features: Front & Back LED Lights: Illuminate Spider-Drone’s spectacular design, even in low-light situations, slicing through the night with front and back LED lights. Dual Flight Modes: Choose between Auto and Manual flight modes. Auto Mode supports hands-free altitude hold. The controller’s intuitive thumb sticks allow smooth forward, backward and sideways movement. Adjustable Flight Sensitivity: Find the controller sensitivity that matches your piloting skills and experience. Auto Launch and Land: Launch Spider-Drone into an aerial hover with the touch of a single button. Press the button again for a quick and smooth landing. Voice Feedback Controller: Show off the Voice Feedback Controller feature, which guides your flight with phrases from the movie. Direct Drive Motors: Spider-Drone’s direct drive motors have high torque and low inertia, which means faster, more precise positioning. Adjustable Wide-Angle Lens: Perfect your wide-angle view – available only on the Streaming Video Spider-Drone. Quick-Swap Battery (included): Spend less time tinkering and more time flying. Once a battery is depleted, easily replace it with a fully charged Quick-Swap Battery (sold separately). The $89.99 version will be available first at Walmart starting June 4th, while the $149.99 version with video components will be exclusive to Toys R Us starting July 1st. Full specs for the regular edition: Front and back LED lights Dual flight modes Auto launch and land Adjustable flight sensitivity Direct drive motors Voice Feedback Controller Width: 7.5” Length: 2.5” Removable Lithium-ion Polymer (LiPo) battery Ages 12+, SRP $89.99 And for the TRU-exclusive Streaming Drone: Stream and record high-definition video Adjustable wide-angle lens Micro SD card memory expansion slot (up to 32 GB, card not included) Front and back LED lights Direct drive motors Dual flight modes Auto launch and land Adjustable flight sensitivity Voice feedback controller Width: 7.5” Length: 2.5” Removable Lithium-ion Polymer (LiPo) battery Ages 12+, SRP $149.99 (Last Updated May 28, 2017 5:30 pm ) Further Reading Spider-Man: Homecoming Shocker Figure From Hasbro Gives Us A Good Look At Full Costume Luke Cage Season 2 Will Explore Cage's Very Public Identity Marvel's Secret Wars Cartoon Will Premiere June 17 On Disney XD Spider-Man Spin-Off 'Silver And Black' Finds A Director 'Spider-Man: Homecoming' NBA Finals TV Spot Two Trailers And Two Posters For 'Spider-Man: Homecoming' Bionik’s Xbox One Quickshot Trigger Lock Grips Live Up To The Hype Colin Furze Shows Off His Latest Invention: The Game Console Microwave About the Author Latest Posts Contact About Jeremy Konrad Jeremy Konrad loves Star Wars and collecting action figures and collectibles. He also watches wrestling, maybe more than Jude Terror. Follow him on Twitter @jeremyohio Today In Pop Culture For June 4: Minecraft, Sex Pistols, Sandy Kofax, Wrath Of Khan, Gorilla Monsoon, And More! - June 4, 2017 NECA Alien Figure Exclusive For SDCC 2017 Is Totally Awesome. Cowabunga! - June 3, 2017 Today In Pop Culture For June 3: Big, Casey At The Bat, Elder Scrolls, Cerebus, TNA, Star Tours, And More! - June 3, 2017 Hasbro Has A Slew Of New Transformers: The Last Knight Robots Coming - June 2, 2017 Today In Pop Culture For June 2: Dead Poets Society, Babe Ruth, Honky Tonk Man, Tekken 7, National Donut Day, And More! - June 2, 2017View All Posts Contact Author Name First Last Email* Your Message Author Name Author Email Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Comments Recently Commented A Few Marvel Creators Acknowledge The Incredible Amazon Kindle Deals On Their Comics 3m Fixing The Wonder Woman Costume (UPDATED) 7m The Amazons In ‘Wonder Woman’ Could Kick Your Ass In Real Life 24m EW Quietly Confirms ‘Jessica Jones’, ‘Daredevil’, And ‘Luke Cage’ For 2018 31m Representation Matters: Chief From ‘Wonder Woman’ Is Awesome 1h Following 2016 Troubles, Wizard World Posts Big 2017 Q1 Loss Latest Trailer For Preacher’s Season 2: A Road Trip To Find God Massive Marvel Amazon Glitchwatch: Kindle Collections Up To 90% Off – Guardians, X-Men, Spider-Man, Black Panther, Avengers, Squirrel Girl And More Rainbow Rowell And Kris Anka To Bring Back Runaways (And Gert) At Marvel In September [UPDATED] First Trailer For ‘Murder On The Orient Express’ Arrives The 14 Free Comic Book Day 2017 Comics That Retailers Can Still Order ‘Kerbal Space Program’ Now In The Hands Of ‘GTAV’ Publishers Writer’s Commentary – Erik Burnham Talks KISS: Forever GWAR’s Beefcake The Mighty Comments On Kathy Griffin/Donald Trump Controversy, Teases New Album Will DC’s Dark Nights: Metal Catch A Digital Code? comics cosplay tv/film games Forum
null
Local News Sports Living Classifieds 72° Full Menu 72° Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Business May 28, 2017 12:01 AM Colorful murals to brighten miles of floodwall By Mark Schleifstein Nola.com/The Times-Picayune LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story NEW ORLEANS A team of New Orleans artists has been given the go-ahead to paint colorful murals on the drab floodwalls along 1 1/2 miles of Tchoupitoulas Street. Most of the work is to be completed for the New Orleans tricentennial celebration in 2018. New Orleans International Muralists LLC, headed by coordinator Daniel "DeeJay" Pate and lead artist Jamar Pierre, won its last required permit from the Southeast Louisiana Flood Protection Authority-East on Thursday (May 18). It already had received permits from the Army Corps of Engineers and the state's Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority. The murals will be similar to an original artwork titled "Resilience" by Pierre. That piece includes images based on New Orleans' history, music and culture, including Mardi Gras Indians, jazz musicians, riverboats and the city's architectural features. The group "wants to integrate all that speaks to the soul of new Orleans: music, second lines, social clubs, historical figures, traveling along the river, shipping and receiving, historical events, legal and governmental proceedings, the Native Americans and Mardi Gras Indians," says a mural project description provided to levee authority members. Pate, a Mardi Gras Indian himself, was a classroom schoolteacher in New Orleans for 10 years and also has worked as an academic adviser with the University of New Orleans' Upward Bound program. He has organized public art events, murals and private and corporate art projects for the past 16 years. Pierre's clients have included Time Warner Entertainment, Essence Magazine (including a poster for the 2007 Essence Music Festival), the cit of New Orleans and the Fore!Kids Foundation. His artwork was featured in the second season of HBO television's "Treme" series. A 70-foot mural by Pierre is on the side of St. Peter Claver Catholic School. Pate said he hopes to begin priming some of the floodwalls for painting within a few days. The hiring of as many as 10 artists for the project must wait until the group has raised at least $50,000 in donations from the public. He estimated that the entire project will cost $300,000 to $450,000. Pate has set up two ways for the public to donate, either through the mural firm's web site, or at a GoFundMe web site. Artists will start at 9th and Tchoupitoulas streets and work downriver to Jackson Avenue. Pate said that when he and Pierre began work on obtaining approvals for the murals in 2014, they estimated the project would take 18 months to complete. Pate hopes that most of the walls can still be completed within a year to meet the October 2018 date of the city's 300th birthday. The plan is to march downriver into history, with the first panels dedicated to events in the 2000s, then working back in time, Pate said. Each mural segment will cover the entire floodwall, using materials approved in advance by the Army Corps of Engineers. Floodgates will not be painted. The artists also have agreed to set aside $2,500 to $5,000 annually for maintenance costs, including removal of graffiti at least quarterly. The team hopes to extend the project downriver along an older segment of the wall, below Jackson Avenue, that contains more than 100 archway panels. Much of that work depends on whether they receive financial support from major donors such as Walmart, which is located across the street from many of the arches. In a letter to the corps, the team committed to painting the first 17 archways between Josephine Street and Jackson Avenue. "We intend to have a collective of artists do a series of famous doorways or a series of 'comic strip' style displays that peek into New Orleans' past as it relates to the Port of New Orleans and its shipping and receiving industry, plus the recreational vessels that have traveled up and down the Mississippi River over the last 300 years," the letter said. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 days ago Sprouts Farmers Market grocery opens into Raleigh 0:12 3 days ago Sprouts Farmers Market grocery opens into Raleigh 1:11 16 days ago The moment Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg got his acceptance letter to Harvard 0:16 18 days ago Cook Like No One’s Watching – 2017 IKEA Catalog View More Video Business Survey: Economists expect slower US growth Program opens chances for success for students The Latest: Turnbull says up to 4 Australians were victims Correction: Plant Explosion-Wisconsin story Terror attack on London Bridge leaves 6 dead; police shoot 3 Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Obituaries Penn State Football Sports Buy & Sell 60° Full Menu 60° Home E-Edition Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Subscribe About Us News Local Penn State Sandusky Scandal Communities Crime Business Education Politics Public Records State Nation/World Weird News Sports Sports College Golf High School MLB Motorsports NFL NHL Outdoors Penn State State College Spikes Politics Politics Elections Penn State Sports PSU Sports PSU Football PSU Basketball PSU Baseball PSU Hockey PSU Soccer PSU Volleyball PSU Wrestling Nittany Lines Blog Penn State Football Living Living Announcements Family Pages Living Here Guide Home & Garden Entertainment Entertainment Weekender Comics Games & Puzzles Celebrities Horoscopes Movie News & Reviews Music TV Opinion Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Place An Ad Tigers teammates look up at a foul ball during a game May 21 at the Teener league complex. Phoebe Sheehan psheehan@centredaily.com Tigers teammates look up at a foul ball during a game May 21 at the Teener league complex. Phoebe Sheehan psheehan@centredaily.com Community May 27, 2017 11:18 PM Centre Sluggers adult baseball league offers players another trip to the plate By Leon Valsechi lvalsechi@centredaily.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story STATE COLLEGE Every Sunday from Memorial Day weekend to Labor Day weekend, adult baseball players have a chance to hit the field in State College and continue playing the game they love, or dust off the cleats and take another swing at a fastball. The Centre Sluggers 28-years-and-over baseball league was founded in 2001. The league began with four teams, named after Major League Baseball teams, and about 60 players. As the 2017 season gets underway, the league will field eight teams and more than 120 players. The wooden bat league plays its games at the State College Teener League fields located off West College avenue, and attracts players from as far as Bedford. The nine-inning games are umpired by a local crew hired by the league and the rules closely resemble major league rules, with a few exceptions to promote safety. One of the league founders was the late Paul Mazza Jr., who was also the founder of the South Hills School of Business and Technology. After about a 40-year hiatus from the game, he returned to the field and played for the Yankees. In a leadership role with the league, he authored the local rules to reflect the tone of the sluggers. “We will never intentionally hurt any other player because we understand that all of us need to go to work on the morning after the game and feel good about the game we played,” Mazza wrote in the league rules. The league was originally a member of the Men’s Senior Baseball League, which is a national organization with more than 300 affiliates and about 3,000 teams. John Young, former league president and current player, said when the league began to grow, the decision was made to become an independent league, which he said is unique for an adult league. Young is an environmental scientist from Lemont during the week, but when the 65-year-old suits up in his Orioles uniform, he’s an infielder who still has pop in his bat and speed to get down the line. “Baseball is a great game and there is a lot of tradition to it,” Young said. “I think the guys like the history of the game and it brings you back to your youth a little bit.” Young’s story is similar to many players in the league. He played Little League, advanced through youth baseball and played in college and county league before taking time off and returning years later. During Young’s time as president, he played a key roll in getting a second division of the league started — the Centre Hardballers 40--and-over league. The Hardballers play Tuesday and Wednesday evenings under the lights at the Teener League fields. The games are seven innings and are played within the sluggers’ rules. They are also played with a less competitive edge, according to Young. The league president prior to Young was John Pringle. Under his leadership, the league began playing one Sunday per year at Medlar Field at Lubrano Park. For one afternoon per season, players enjoy the practice facilities and field conditions of the minor league ballpark as their families and friends experience an afternoon watching their favorite player. Jason Bickle, league president, said the Medlar experience is the highlight of the season for most players. Bickle is a 40-year-old department manager at Wal-Mart off the field, but on Sundays during the season, he suits up as an infielder and pitcher for the Diamondbacks. He ended his playing days when he was 18 years old, but after hearing about the league in 2013, he grabbed his glove and hit the field once again. Attracting players to the league is difficult, Bickle said, but during his time as president he hopes to grow both leagues and increase their visibility in the community. “I think if people come out to see our games, they’ll realize that this is a great league,” Bickle said. “And if a guy is thinking about playing, I always tell him that the league is competitive, but we truly play for love of the game.” Leon Valsechi: 814-231-4631, @leon_valsechi Andy Bennet, of the Diamondbacks, catches a ball during a game Sunday, May 21, 2017 at the Teener league complex. Phoebe Sheehan psheehan@centredaily.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a year ago State College prayer service for police officers and peace 3:01 a year ago State College prayer service for police officers and peace 4:07 a year ago Army Vet Vince Reynolds receives new patio from Heroscape 1:09 a year ago Tractor trailer fire shuts down I-80 View More Video Community Fox killed by police in Lemont thought to have rabies Share our heritage: 1953 Centre Hall basketball team Special Olympics athletes compete at Penn State for Pa. Summer Games Ferguson Township road construction projects start Monday Tait Farm Foods celebrates 30 years of shrub Community Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
