Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Is Wal-Mart’s New E-Commerce Acquisition Strategy Any Better Than Its Old One? Wal-Mart (NYSE: WMT) has been on a buying spree since last summer, when it bought Jet.com for $3 billion. It’s since snatched up several smaller e-commerce websites for less than $100 million each. Most recently, it’s been in talks to buy upscale men’s clothing retailer Bonobos for $300 million. Despite the somewhat higher price tag, it follows the same strategy as Wal-Mart’s other recent acquisitions. Wal-Mart is buying up retailers selling for a relative bargain. For example, just last year Bonobos was seeking funding at a $500 million valuation, but those talks seem to have fallen through. Wal-Mart could be getting 40% off retail for the retailer. But Wal-Mart’s new e-commerce acquisition strategy is very similar to its old acquisition strategy with Wal-Mart Labs. Between 2011 and 2014, Wal-Mart acquired 15 small companies tied in some way to e-commerce. The other thing most of them had in common was that they were selling for a bargain after failing to attract a new round of venture funding. None of them managed to significantly accelerate Wal-Mart’s growth in e-commerce. Will this new strategy prove any more successful? Image source: Wal-Mart. Buying sales growth One key difference in Wal-Mart’s new acquisition strategy is that the online stores it’s buying up will contribute sales directly to Wal-Mart’s online sales. Its previous acquisitions largely supported backend technology for growing e-commerce sales organically. Additionally, Wal-Mart’s acquisitions are focused specifically on the high end of the market. Wal-Mart’s head of e-commerce Marc Lore said the company is specifically pursuing retailers „in the categories where they are long-tail, high-margin products and harder-to-crack brands.” Wal-Mart has failed to attract those kinds of brands to its flagship store because it’s often associated with lower prices and lower quality. Buying up companies like Bonobos or Modcloth will help Wal-Mart sell higher-quality goods at a higher margin. But sales won’t keep growing Growth through acquisition isn’t a bad strategy. The problem with Wal-Mart’s strategy, however, is that these companies are selling for a bargain precisely because their growth is slowing. As such, if Wal-Mart wants its e-commerce sales to keep growing a year from now, it’ll have to keep buying up these small e-commerce retailers. On top of that, Wal-Mart could face backlash from these small boutique retailers’ loyal customer bases. Numerous consumers threatened to take their business elsewhere on social media since reports surfaced of Bonobos’ potential acquisition. What’s more, some of the top talent from these companies, such as Bonobos founder Brian Spaly, have already left to go onto more promising projects. So, Wal-Mart won’t gain the advantage of bringing on a lot of great talent to support growth of its main e-commerce platforms, either. There’s a limit to the number of deals Wal-Mart can find. If it really wants to grow e-commerce, it needs to look for businesses that are selling at a premium because their growth is accelerating. It would cost more upfront, but it would set Wal-Mart up to keep growing e-commerce sales into the future. Jet.com is one such acquisition, which is why it was one of the biggest e-commerce acquisitions in history. By comparison, Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) has been willing to spend big on its acquisitions. It bough Quidsi (diapers.com, soap.com) for $545 million, Zappos for $1.2 billion, Audible for $300 million, and most recently Souq.com (a Middle Eastern marketplace) for $650 million. While its acquisitions don’t always work out (it recently shuttered Quidsi), Amazon’s willingness to spend has resulted in better growth than Wal-Mart’s. In effect, Wal-Mart’s new acquisition strategy suffers from the same problem that plagued its old one: The companies it’s buying don’t support long-term growth. Wal-Mart is spending hundreds of millions on companies that could just cause more headaches than revenue growth down the line, especially as it has to manage a growing basket of brands. Investors should look for commentary from management during Wal-Mart’s earnings call about how much e-commerce sales growth is coming from these kinds of acquisitions. In all likelihood, though, management will keep that information close to its vest. 10 stocks we like better than Wal-Mart Stores When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Wal-Mart Stores wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017 Adam Levy owns shares of Amazon. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Is Bass Pro Shops Still Paying Too Much for Cabela’s? Next PostNext Turbo Dynamic URL Could Help Users Upgrade Their Methods Of Product Research And Product Creation For Maximum Results Search Recent Posts North America Piezo Ceramic Technology Market Outlook,Research,Trends and Forecast to 2022 Workflow Management System Market Research Report- Forecast 2022 Stick Pouches Packaging Market Research Report – Global Forecast to 2022 Asia-Pacific Heavy Construction Equipment Market Research Report – Forecast to 2027 North America Cell Culture Market Outlook,Research,Trends and Forecast to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Other Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Sports Buzz Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian East Bay Times Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Other Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Sports Buzz Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian East County: Police logs reveal calls for… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: 6 figures = low income? Erin Moran’s final years Kerr attends practice Where Californians are moving Marijuana house killings Bumgarner sorry Community News East County: Police logs reveal calls for drugs, armed robbery and more Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Aaron Davis | aarondavis@bayareanewsgroup.com and Lisa P. White | lwhite@bayareanewsgroup.com | PUBLISHED: April 24, 2017 at 5:26 pm | UPDATED: April 24, 2017 at 5:28 pm ANTIOCH The following excerpts are from the Antioch police logs. Monday, April 17: Burglary: At 8:01 a.m., police were called to the 1900 block of San Jose Drive,  for a report of bicycles stolen from a locked patio room. Robbery: At 3:52 p.m., a caller reported that after meeting with an interested buyer on the 5300 block of Cherokee Way, the buyer put a gun to the caller’s head and stole 25 diamond rings. Robbery: At 4:36 p.m., a caller reported that they were just robbed at gun point on the 2700 block of Lone Tree Way. Tuesday, April 18: Robbery: At 8:47 p.m., police were called about a robbery that had occurred at Walmart earlier in the evening. According to the caller, she was walking by Walmart and a man in a white Pontiac Firebird with dealer plates jumped out of the vehicle, hit her in the face and took her phone. Wednesday, April 19: Assault: At 3:56 a.m., police were called by a female on the 2300 block of Sycamore Dr. According to police logs, the woman whispered “please help us, he has a gun,” and a baby was heard crying in the background. Robbery: At around 5:30 a.m., a robbery reportedly occurred at the Super Wine & Liquor on Delta Fair Blvd. According to the victim, an armed individual came robbed the place and assaulted the victim. Robbery: At 9:24 p.m., police were called to the 2700 block of Hillcrest Ave. after a caller reported that two masked and hooded men came in, stomped on all the tables and bars and then left. Nothing was stolen, no weapons were seen and no one was injured. Friday, April 21: Assault: At 3:44 a.m., police were alerted to a woman in the emergency room at Sutter Delta Medical Center who had been run over and dragged by a car in front of her mom’s house. OAKLEY The following excerpts are from the Oakley police logs. Sunday, April 16: Burglary: At 11 p.m., police arrested an individual for burglary at the intersection of Almaden Circle and Vintage Parkway.   Monday, April 17: Abuse: At 2:59 p.m., police were informed of a case of dependent adult abuse on the 100 block of Brownstone Road. Tuesday, April 18: Drugs: At 2:18 a.m., police arrested an individual for possession of drug paraphernalia at the intersection of Main St. and Bridgehead Road. Battery: At 2:03 p.m., police arrested an individual for domestic battery on the 4800 block of Bayside Way. Armed Robbery: At 11:28 p.m., an armed robbery was reported. The only listed address for the armed robbery is the Oakley Police Department. Wednesday, April 19: Fail to Obey: At 2:30 p.m., police arrested an individual at what is listed as a “Water Power Plant” for failure to obey an officer. Drugs: At 11:09 p.m., police arrested an individual for unauthorized possession of a controlled substance at Bridgehead Rd and Wilbur Ave. Thursday, April 20: Drugs: At 12:03 a.m., police arrested an individual for being under in the influence of a controlled substance at Main St. and Bridgehead Road. Friday, April 21: Exposure: At 2:22 police were alerted to an incident of indecent exposure at the intersection of W. Ruby St. and Norcross Lane. PITTSBURG Sunday, April 9 Domestic battery: Police arrested a 45-year-old man at 4:10 p.m. on suspicion of domestic battery. Vehicle theft: Vehicles were reported stolen in the 2200 block of Toscana Drive and at Southwood Drive and Peachwillow Street. Shooting: Police investigated a report of shooting into an occupied dwelling in the 100 block of Linda Vista Avenue. Monday, April 10 Drugs: A 36-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possessing a controlled substance at 7:33 p.m. at Railroad Avenue and West 10th Street. Vehicle theft: Vehicles were reported stolen in the 3800 block of Meadowbrook Circle and Highway 4 at San Marco Boulevard. Vandalism: Police received a report of vandalism in the 100 block of Bernauer Drive. Tuesday, April 11 Firearm: Police arrested a 20-year-old man at 12:14 p.m. on suspicion of being a gang member in possession of a loaded firearm, stolen property and narcotics in the 3100 block Peppermill Circle. Drugs: A 23-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of participating in a street gang, violating probation and selling narcotics at 12:14 p.m. in the 3100 block of Peppermill Circle. Drugs:  A 27-year-old man was arrested at 3:16 p.m. on suspicion of possessing a controlled substance at Alturas and Railroad avenues. Firearm: Police arrested a 29-year-old man on suspicion of being a felon in possession of a firearm and ammunition in the 2100 block of Loveridge Road. Wednesday, April 12 Vehicle theft: Police arrested a 24-year-old man on suspicion of vehicle theft at 1:15 a.m. in the 2000 block of Somersville. Drugs: A 28-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possessing methamphetamine and public intoxication at 7:22 p.m. in the 3700 block of Railroad Avenue. Burglary: Police responded to a report of commercial burglary in the 300 block of School Street. Thursday, April 13 Vehicle theft: Police arrested a 40-year-old man on suspicion of two counts of vehicle theft at 4:23 p.m. in the 100 block of Bruno Avenue. Abuse: A 58-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of spousal abuse at 6:15 p.m. Identity theft: Police received a report of identity theft in the 1700 block of Chaparral Drive. Burglary: Police responded to a report of commercial burglary in the 2200 block of Oak Hills Circle. Friday, April 14 Vehicle theft: A 29-year-old man was arrested at Bailey Road and Highway 4 at 1 p.m. on suspicion of vehicle theft, evading police, violating probation, resisting arrest and possessing burglary tools and ammunition or reloaded ammunition. Battery: Police received reports of battery in the 1900 block of Cardiff Drive and 4400 block of Century Boulevard. Theft: Police received a report of petty theft in the 2400 block of North Park Boulevard. Saturday, April 15 Drugs: Police arrested a 34-year-old man on suspicion of possessing methamphetamine and drug paraphernalia at 9:23 a.m. at William Way and Betty Lane. Battery: A 40-year-old man was arrested at 8 p.m. on suspicion of battery in the 3200 block of Harbort Street. Vehicle theft: A vehicle was reported stolen in the 400 block of Atherton Avenue. Tags:  Crime Blotter East Contra Costa Weeklies Aaron Davis Aaron Davis reports on East Contra Costa County for the East Bay Times. He has worked for papers throughout the Seacoast of New Hampshire, as well as in Queens, New York and in Amarillo, Texas. Send tips to 408-859-5105 or to aarondavis@bayareanewsgroup.com. Follow Aaron Davis @BaronBavis Lisa P. White Lisa P. White covers Concord and Pleasant Hill for the Bay Area News Group. Follow Lisa P. White @lisa_p_white Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Dublin-bound train passengers robbed by dozens of youth at Oakland BART Fire shutters Mexican restaurant in Antioch, owners promise a comeback 2 killed in apparent robbery at Northern California marijuana house Faced with sky-high prices, homebuyers look to leave Bay Area Former California beauty queen pleads guilty to child porn Brentwood: Police seek missing teenager Antioch Bridge reopens after two big rigs crash Oracle signs lease, fueling downtown Oakland expansion More in Community News Free home-buying and college financing workshop offered in Walnut Creek April 24, 2017, 8:25 pm A free workshop with details on home-buying and how to attend college without accumulating debt will be held April 29. Decision delayed on controversial Danville apartment project April 24, 2017, 5:19 pm Danville Town Council members were frustrated with a Los Gatos firm seeking approval for the 150-unit “Riverwalk” project off Diablo Road west of I-680, saying the firm has been ‘continually struggling not to do what’s being asked” of them. Oakland sues its own recycling contractor for “unjust” fees April 24, 2017, 5:08 pm The city of Oakland’s lawsuit against its recycling contractor alleges potential excessive fees of $1,832.16 to $9,313.56 per year for one cart to be pushed more than 100 feet, a service that costs a single-family homeowner $334.20 a year. Alameda: Party City coming to Alameda South Shore Center April 24, 2017, 3:48 pm Party City, a party goods retailer, will open this fall at Alameda South Shore Center, according to Jamestown, L.P., the center’s owner. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps All Access Subscriptions Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Archive Search Reprints Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notes © 2017 Digital First Media Sitemap Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Is Wal-Mart's New E-Commerce Acquisition Strategy Any Better Than Its Old One? Wal-Mart is buying up small boutique e-tailers left and right. Is it worth it? Adam Levy (TMFnCaffeine) Apr 24, 2017 at 5:59PM Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) has been on a buying spree since last summer, when it bought Jet.com for $3 billion. It's since snatched up several smaller e-commerce websites for less than $100 million each. Most recently, it's been in talks to buy upscale men's clothing retailer Bonobos for $300 million. Despite the somewhat higher price tag, it follows the same strategy as Wal-Mart's other recent acquisitions. Wal-Mart is buying up retailers selling for a relative bargain. For example, just last year Bonobos was seeking funding at a $500 million valuation, but those talks seem to have fallen through. Wal-Mart could be getting 40% off retail for the retailer. But Wal-Mart's new e-commerce acquisition strategy is very similar to its old acquisition strategy with Wal-Mart Labs. Between 2011 and 2014, Wal-Mart acquired 15 small companies tied in some way to e-commerce. The other thing most of them had in common was that they were selling for a bargain after failing to attract a new round of venture funding. None of them managed to significantly accelerate Wal-Mart's growth in e-commerce. Will this new strategy prove any more successful? Image source: Wal-Mart. Buying sales growth One key difference in Wal-Mart's new acquisition strategy is that the online stores it's buying up will contribute sales directly to Wal-Mart's online sales. Its previous acquisitions largely supported backend technology for growing e-commerce sales organically. Additionally, Wal-Mart's acquisitions are focused specifically on the high end of the market. Wal-Mart's head of e-commerce Marc Lore said the company is specifically pursuing retailers "in the categories where they are long-tail, high-margin products and harder-to-crack brands." Wal-Mart has failed to attract those kinds of brands to its flagship store because it's often associated with lower prices and lower quality. Buying up companies like Bonobos or Modcloth will help Wal-Mart sell higher-quality goods at a higher margin. But sales won't keep growing Growth through acquisition isn't a bad strategy. The problem with Wal-Mart's strategy, however, is that these companies are selling for a bargain precisely because their growth is slowing. As such, if Wal-Mart wants its e-commerce sales to keep growing a year from now, it'll have to keep buying up these small e-commerce retailers. On top of that, Wal-Mart could face backlash from these small boutique retailers' loyal customer bases. Numerous consumers threatened to take their business elsewhere on social media since reports surfaced of Bonobos' potential acquisition. What's more, some of the top talent from these companies, such as Bonobos founder Brian Spaly, have already left to go onto more promising projects. So, Wal-Mart won't gain the advantage of bringing on a lot of great talent to support growth of its main e-commerce platforms, either. There's a limit to the number of deals Wal-Mart can find. If it really wants to grow e-commerce, it needs to look for businesses that are selling at a premium because their growth is accelerating. It would cost more upfront, but it would set Wal-Mart up to keep growing e-commerce sales into the future. Jet.com is one such acquisition, which is why it was one of the biggest e-commerce acquisitions in history. By comparison, Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) has been willing to spend big on its acquisitions. It bough Quidsi (diapers.com, soap.com) for $545 million, Zappos for $1.2 billion, Audible for $300 million, and most recently Souq.com (a Middle Eastern marketplace) for $650 million. While its acquisitions don't always work out (it recently shuttered Quidsi), Amazon's willingness to spend has resulted in better growth than Wal-Mart's. In effect, Wal-Mart's new acquisition strategy suffers from the same problem that plagued its old one: The companies it's buying don't support long-term growth. Wal-Mart is spending hundreds of millions on companies that could just cause more headaches than revenue growth down the line, especially as it has to manage a growing basket of brands. Investors should look for commentary from management during Wal-Mart's earnings call about how much e-commerce sales growth is coming from these kinds of acquisitions. In all likelihood, though, management will keep that information close to its vest. Adam Levy owns shares of Amazon. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levy (TMFnCaffeine) Adam has been writing for The Motley Fool since 2012 covering consumer goods and technology companies. He consumes copious cups of coffee, and he loves alliteration. He spends about as much time thinking about Facebook and Twitter's businesses as he does using their products. For some lighthearted stock commentary and occasional St. Louis Cardinals mania ... Follow @admlvy Article Info Apr 24, 2017 at 5:59PM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $907.41 up $8.88 (0.99%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $74.78 down $0.16 (-0.21%) Read More The Next Stock Warren Buffett May Sell Can Wal-Mart Compete With Amazon and Make Money? Why Wal-Mart Shareholders Have Something to Worry About 3 Lessons From Warren Buffett's Decision to Dump Wal-Mart Wal-Mart Has a Unique Way to Cut Down on Shoplifting Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Is Wal-Mart's New E-Commerce Acquisition Strategy Any Better Than Its Old One? @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $WMT
Skip to content The Atlantic Popular Latest Sections Sections Politics & Policy Culture Business Science Technology Health Education U.S. Global News Notes Photo Video Events Writers Projects Magazine Magazine Current issue All issues Manage subscription Subscribe More More Create account Your account Sign in Sign out Newsletters Life Timeline Events Books Shop View all Subscribe Search Search Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription How to Trick People Into Saving Money Inside Walmart’s curious, possibly ingenious effort to get customers to build up their savings accounts Justin Fantl Most Popular Torching the Modern-Day Library of Alexandria James Somers Apr 20, 2017 How Online Shopping Makes Suckers of Us All Jerry Useem Apr 18, 2017 Trump: 'I Never Realized How Big It Was' David A. Graham Apr 24, 2017 How Poverty Changes the Brain Tara García Mathewson Apr 19, 2017 The Six Main Arcs in Storytelling, as Identified by an A.I. Adrienne LaFrance Jul 12, 2016 Rob Walker May 2017 Issue Business Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size Late last summer, Dawn Paquin started keeping her money on a prepaid debit card from Walmart instead of in a traditional checking account. The wages from her factory job—she works from 9 p.m. to 5 a.m., inspecting blades on industrial bread-slicing machines—now go directly onto the Visa-branded card, which she can use like a regular debit card, though unlike most debit cards, it is not linked to a checking or savings account. She made the switch after a $4 check she wrote to buy coffee for herself and a friend tipped her checking account below the required minimum and triggered $100 in overdraft fees. This was before she got the factory gig, and she wasn’t working full-time. Paquin lives in Salem, Illinois, where, she told me recently, if you don’t have a college degree, your job choices are “fast food or factory.” Money was extremely tight. “I kind of had a bit of resentment about banks after that,” she said dryly. Listen to the audio version of this article:Download the Audm app for your iPhone to listen to more titles. The card is more convenient, Paquin said, and she doesn’t have to worry about monthly statements; she tracks her money, and pays all her bills, with the card’s associated phone app. But even with the job, money remains tight. Paquin is divorced, with two sons, and shares a car with her boyfriend. The Money Report How Online Shopping Makes Suckers of Us All Frank and Steven’s Excellent Corporate-Raiding Adventure Like many Americans, Paquin thinks about the importance of saving more often than she actually saves. In a 2015 Federal Reserve Board survey, 46 percent of respondents reported that they would have trouble coming up with $400 in an emergency; living paycheck to paycheck is now a commonplace middle-class experience. So while Paquin noticed that her Walmart MoneyCard app asked her from time to time whether she wanted to “stash” some money, she didn’t bother to figure out what that actually meant, let alone respond. Then, late last year, she got an email saying that a “prize savings” feature had been added to her card. If she kept some of her balance in a virtual “vault,” meaning that it would not show up in her available funds, she would be eligible to win a cash prize in a monthly drawing—up to $1,000. Every dollar in the MoneyCard Vault would equal an entry in that month’s drawing. This caught her interest. A prize would go a long way toward her being able to buy a car. It also made her focus on what all those “stash” requests were about. “Oh, cool, this can work as a savings account, too,” she remembers realizing. So when she got paid, she started setting aside “10 bucks, 20 bucks, whatever I could.” Americans spent $70 billion on lottery tickets in 2014—an average of about 300 per adult. That’s more or less the goal of the Walmart MoneyCard Vault: to encourage the unexciting habit of saving, especially among the considerable number of low- and middle-income Americans who don’t use traditional bank accounts. The program was launched to a limited number of MoneyCard holders in August, offering 500 prizes a month—one for $1,000, the rest $25 each. In December, the company reported that the number of Vault users had grown more than 130 percent, to more than 100,000, and that the average savings had grown from $413 to $572, a 38 percent increase. By itself, of course, this does not solve the savings challenge so many Americans struggle with. But it’s remarkable for a couple of reasons. One is its clever appeal to human tendencies recognized in behavioral-economics research but seldom harnessed to socially desirable goals. Another is that it is squarely aimed at the 67 million Americans inartfully described as “unbanked or underbanked”—a massive group that financial innovators have long ignored, even though that group, more than any other part of the population, could use some financial innovation. Americans’ difficulty saving, Daniel Eckert told me recently, is a textbook example of how brains wired to reckon with short-term threats and opportunities struggle to think about long-term consequences—and struggle even harder to take current action to stave off future disaster. Eckert, who oversees Walmart’s financial-services businesses, became interested in behavioral economics while earning his M.B.A. at the University of Chicago in the early 2000s. Take a walk through a retail store—a Walmart, let’s say. You’ll pass heaps of products in every category, big signs advertising prices that seem too good to pass up, TV screens touting bargains galore. I shop at Walmart frequently, and somewhere in the long walk from the dog-biscuit aisle to the yogurt case I am at the very least tempted to buy something I didn’t know I needed when I arrived. Behavioral economics has been creeping into policy making for years; Barack Obama’s administration even created a team devoted to applying its lessons in the real world. The field also informs new start-ups, such as the maker of an app called Digit, backed by Google’s venture-capital arm, which analyzes your spending patterns and, based on the results, diverts a few dollars into a separate account on a regular basis. Digit used research from Common Cents Lab, co-founded by Dan Ariely, a Duke University behavioral-economics professor, to design a feature encouraging users to pre-commit to saving a percentage of their tax refund. Common Cents has also worked with an app maker that helps food-stamp recipients budget more efficiently. Richard Thaler, an economist at the University of Chicago and one of the field’s pioneers, told The Wall Street Journal in 2015 that saving for retirement is “a prototypical behavioral-economics problem” because it is “cognitively hard—figuring out how much to save—and requires self-control.” One solution is defined-contribution retirement plans, which set money aside automatically; a 401(k) is the most common form. Employees may choose to opt out, but they opt in by default—meaning the passive response is actually the better response. Some plans are even built to gradually escalate, again by default, the amount employees set aside for retirement savings. Admittedly, that’s not how all 401(k)s work—most automatic-saving plans still require some active decision making about, say, how much you contribute. Still, default plans like these are “probably behavioral economists’ greatest success story,” Thaler said. A shot at $25 right now captures attention in a way that interest earned over years does not. But that doesn’t mean much to Dawn Paquin, whose factory gig is through a temp agency and doesn’t offer a retirement plan, or to millions of other Americans like her. And it does nothing to encourage shorter-term savings, the kind that can cushion unexpected economic blows. The notion of helping this vulnerable group by way of cash-prize enticements draws on a different strand of research entirely. Americans spent $70 billion on lottery tickets in 2014—an average of about $300 per adult. Poorer Americans spend a bigger chunk of their income on the lottery than richer ones; a 1999 study of state lotteries by researchers at Duke reported that nearly half of all households with incomes below $25,000 at least dabbled in the lottery. This despite the fact that lotto players lose about 47 cents of each dollar they spend on tickets. Why do they do it? The knee-jerk assumption is that the answer boils down to ignorance. But in a 2008 article in the Journal of Behavioral Decision Making, researchers at Carnegie Mellon University argued that the lottery is “alluring for poor people” because it offers a shot at an otherwise unavailable dramatic economic gain. The lottery can seem to be the only way out. So people keep playing. The idea of redirecting these actions on a mass scale through a prepaid-card feature, rather than trying to suppress them, is still relatively novel, at least in the United States. It didn’t come from Walmart, or from a big bank, or from a Silicon Valley start-up. It came from a meeting organized by an earnest nonprofit. Commonwealth was founded in Boston in 2001 with the goal of addressing America’s “pervasive financial insecurity.” Timothy Flacke, a co-founder and the executive director, describes it as a financial-innovation incubator to benefit vulnerable people. A few years ago, another co-founder, Peter Tufano, now the dean of the business school at Oxford, got interested in the United Kingdom’s Premium Bonds, which were introduced in the 1950s. Buying these bonds enters holders into a lotterylike system with regular prizes of up to 1 million pounds, paid for out of the pooled interest on the bonds. They’re popular. So are similar programs in Latin America, South Africa, New Zealand, and elsewhere. Commonwealth wanted to try this approach in the United States. But Flacke says that aside from the unknown appeal to Americans of a prize-linked program, there were questions at the time about whether such a program would be legal. Most states had carved out exceptions for government-run lotteries and for charities, but private lotteries were largely forbidden. Still, cursory research involving one of Flacke’s colleagues’ “standing in a Walmart in rural Indiana” and quizzing customers suggested consumer interest. Eventually Commonwealth figured out that the laws in Michigan would allow it to test a program there like the ones in the U.K. and other countries. Justin Fantl Commonwealth and its partners designed a plan called Save to Win, which offered monthly cash prizes through the Michigan Credit Union League. The plan included a single big prize and a bevy of smaller ones—a jackpot and something more like the experience, Flacke says, of playing scratch tickets: a large number of small prizes, awarded more frequently and paid out quickly. Offering a large number of frequent payouts played to “hyperbolic discounting,” the tendency to value short-term possibilities disproportionately higher than long-term gains. A shot at $25 right now captures attention in a way that the promise of $100 earned through a few points of interest over a period of years does not. Throw in the slimmer possibility of a much bigger immediate payoff, and people really get interested. Also, fantasizing about what to do with extra money is something low-income Americans “don’t get a lot of space in their lives to do,” Flacke says. “That’s what powers the lottery industry.” He adds that there is a sort of “contagion of winners”—when a customer at a credit-union branch collected a $25 prize for saving money, everybody else waiting in line was interested, and many wanted to get in on the action. After a year, 11,600 members of eight credit unions, half of whom said they had not previously been regular savers, had deposited $8.5 million in new accounts, averaging about $730 each. The CEO of one participating credit union observed at the time that Save to Win was far more effective in getting people to save than previous incentives, including a CD at an eye-popping 10 percent interest rate. Commonwealth began working with lawmakers to allow the practice in other states, and pushing for federal legislation to allow it throughout the country. To date, it says, its efforts have helped inspire more than 80,000 people to save more than $170 million. Nevertheless, the approach remained piecemeal. So in 2014, Commonwealth and the similarly minded Center for Financial Services Innovation co-hosted a conference with the Boston Federal Reserve, inviting a variety of players in the growing business of prepaid debit cards to talk about ideas for increasing savings. The prepaid-card industry is not known for its beneficence. The cards don’t offer interest. Users pay fees to get the card itself, to load money onto it, and to withdraw funds at an ATM; some cards charge a monthly fee unless the balance rises above a certain level. Regulators recently ordered one of the early, high-profile brands, RushCard, and its payment processor, MasterCard, to pay $13 million in fines and restitution stemming from a huge technical error in 2015 that denied thousands of users access to their own money. Walmart’s MoneyCard experienced a similar, if less severe, incident last year. Even so, as the smartphone revolution has made such cards vastly more convenient, they have become an increasingly popular alternative to traditional banking. Americans stored an estimated $100 billion on reloadable cards in 2016, up from less than $1 billion in 2003. A Pew Charitable Trusts study estimates that more than a quarter of prepaid-card users don’t have a bank account. The Boston conference included a workshop on prize-linked savings. Flacke, who ran the workshop, says that he told the group, “Look, guys, you have a really important platform that serves a lot of financially vulnerable consumers, but most of it is not being used to help people get anywhere. It’s all transaction-focused. You should be thinking about savings.” Eckert, the Walmart executive, told me that when he heard Flacke’s prize-based-savings presentation at that event, he thought: We could do that. It took more than a year to sort out the details. By using a sweepstakes model, Walmart was in a position to work around lottery restrictions: Although the federal legislation Commonwealth had backed to encourage and ease prize-saving lottery experiments did pass, waiting for all 50 states to enact specific changes would have slowed things down. And Walmart could roll out the idea on a scale few businesses could match: 90 percent of Americans live within 15 miles of a Walmart. Loretta Taylor, who lives in the southern-Illinois town of Mount Vernon, started using a Walmart MoneyCard when her local bank branch closed late last year, forcing her to drive 45 minutes to make a deposit. A registered nurse, she has lately been working as an in-home caregiver, and sometimes gets paid in cash, which she can put onto the card (for a $3 fee) at a nearby Walmart. “I’m not making much money right now,” she told me recently. But in early January she decided to put $23 in the card’s Vault—and won a $25 prize. Taylor has kept her traditional bank account, and she sounds slightly skeptical of Walmart’s motives. Still, she has continued to use the Vault; she had saved $75 when we talked in early February, including the $25 prize. For people like Taylor, using a prepaid debit card may reflect a lack of better choices more than anything else: The prepaid-card industry is serving a market that conventional banks don’t serve well or in some cases at all. Walmart’s MoneyCard is a product of Green Dot Corporation, one of the giants of the prepaid-card industry. When CEO Steven Streit started the company in 1999, he called it i-Gen, and envisioned his market as tech-savvy youths. “The packaging was all about kids; the marketing was all about cool teenagers surfing the web,” he told me recently. He landed a deal to sell the cards through Rite Aid. Young people didn’t buy them. Low-income adults did. The company started asking the people who called its service center why they were using the product, and the answer was usually that they didn’t have bank accounts. “That’s when I realized,” Streit says, “Wow, we’ve got the right product, but the wrong demographic.” The packaging was redesigned, and the renamed Green Dot started making new deals—including one with Walmart to create the MoneyCard, which debuted in 2007. Check-cashing outfits, payday lenders, and similar businesses are often thought of as merely preying on poor people, who, the conventional wisdom goes, tend to make bad financial decisions. Lisa Servon, a University of Pennsylvania professor of city and regional planning, offers a different angle in her recent book, The Unbanking of America: How the New Middle Class Survives. During Servon’s research working as a teller at a check casher and payday lender, consumers told her that the fee structures of nonbank alternatives were more transparent and predictable than those at conventional banks—crucial to anyone living on a budget. Prepaid cards offer this predictability, and over time their reputation for transparency has improved. (Last year, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau announced new rules that later this year will require card issuers to package their products with a standardized fee-disclosure form; some congressional Republicans are now pushing legislation that might block this change.) Servon notes that online information sources such as NerdWallet.com offer detailed prepaid-card assessments and discussion forums to help consumers choose a card. But it’s unclear how many low-income Americans know about or have time to examine these sources. “A lot of it is kind of word of mouth and personal experience,” Servon told me. Walmart has an incentive to become the place people think about when they think of their financial future. That has remained true even as prepaid cards have taken off. I asked Green Dot’s Streit whether he worried that the big banks would recognize and pursue his growing customer base. His answer was: Not really. “The challenge with poor people is that they’re poor,” he said. “To really make big money off a customer, a bank needs them to be underwritable for mortgages, new automobiles, home-improvement loans, margin loans on stock, management fees.” For conventional financial-services companies, he said, it makes more sense to pursue a small number of high-income customers than, well, everyone else. Six years ago, Green Dot obtained a bank charter, giving it even more options for offering financial services. In 2013 it launched an alternative checking service called GoBank (later made available through Walmart) that included a vault feature, so users could designate some of their funds as savings. This feature migrated to the MoneyCard, but plenty of users, including Dawn Paquin, ignored it until it incorporated the sweepstakes feature. Walmart is, of course, a cathedral of consumption, and has been relentlessly criticized for the way it pays and treats its workforce. The new savings card could be seen as so much image-burnishing. Still, a retail business by definition tempts you to spend, not to withhold available funds. I asked Eckert, the head of Walmart’s financial-services businesses, directly: What’s in it for Walmart to help people save? From Our May 2017 Issue Try 2 FREE issues of The Atlantic Subscribe “People always look for that angle,” he replied with a weary chuckle. His answer skewed mostly toward social responsibility: What’s good for Walmart customers is good for America, and Walmart has a unique reach and a direct relationship with consumers who really want or need help making ends meet. “There was no other commercial motive,” he said flatly. Every big business’s reflex is to say it wants to do good for its customers. On a practical level, Walmart sells the card for $1, and Green Dot charges the usual associated fees: $5 a month if your balance is less than $1,000; $2.50 for ATM withdrawals; etc. That can add up fast for a low-income card user who is struggling to save. Neither Walmart nor Green Dot would get into how much money they actually make on the card, or the costs associated with the prize-savings program. But for Walmart, at least, the bigger gain is probably not immediately tangible. Walmart has dabbled in financial services for years, flirting with obtaining an actual banking license, but has so far worked with partners instead, including Green Dot, Jackson Hewitt Tax Service, MoneyGram, and American Express. All of these help make its stores de facto locations for a host of money-related services that its customers may need. When Eckert says that Walmart has a real incentive to help its customers save, it is another way of saying that Walmart has a real incentive to become the place customers think of when they think of their financial future. Lots of Walmart customers are underserved by banks and other financial institutions, Eckert says; the company’s experiments with finance-related products and services help customers “not only save money but also have access to a financial ecosystem they were crowded out from.” That access keeps them loyal to Walmart, and keeps them coming back to its stores. If they buy more dog biscuits or yogurt or whatever else they need or want while they’re there—well, that’s business. Flacke, of Commonwealth, sees one of the world’s biggest brands working with a big player in the burgeoning prepaid-card industry on something that might really help low-income Americans save. And he hopes others copy the idea. In late January, Dawn Paquin got a call from someone at Green Dot informing her that she had won $1,000. She suspected some sort of scam, but a few days later the money appeared in her MoneyCard Vault. She gave her two sons $50 each, took them and her boyfriend to dinner, and bought a much-needed new pair of Skechers. She left the rest in her Vault, which now contains a bit more than $800—more than she’s had saved for a while. She still has an eye on a car, but she’s waiting to see whether, as she hopes, her factory job becomes permanent. “I like,” she says, “to have money put away.” Share Tweet Comments Latest Video One Man's Fight to Bury His Wife With Dignity In a short film, a husband ends up in a legal battle over his wife’s final wishes to be buried in the front yard. Erica Moriarty Apr 19, 2017 About the Author Rob Walker writes the Workologist column for The New York Times’ Sunday Business section. He is a co-editor of the anthology Significant Objects: 100 Extraordinary Stories About Ordinary Things. Most Popular Presented by meshaphoto / Getty / Konstantin Orlov / Shutterstock / Katie Martin / The Atlantic Torching the Modern-Day Library of Alexandria James Somers “Somewhere at Google there is a database containing 25 million books and nobody is allowed to read them.” You were going to get one-click access to the full text of nearly every book that’s ever been published. Books still in print you’d have to pay for, but everything else—a collection slated to grow larger than the holdings at the Library of Congress, Harvard, the University of Michigan, at any of the great national libraries of Europe—would have been available for free at terminals that were going to be placed in every local library that wanted one. At the terminal you were going to be able to search tens of millions of books and read every page of any book you found. You’d be able to highlight passages and make annotations and share them; for the first time, you’d be able to pinpoint an idea somewhere inside the vastness of the printed record, and send somebody straight to it with a link. Books would become as instantly available, searchable, copy-pasteable—as alive in the digital world—as web pages. Continue Reading Justin Fantl How Online Shopping Makes Suckers of Us All Jerry Useem Will you pay more for those shoes before 7 p.m.? Would the price tag be different if you lived in the suburbs? Standard prices and simple discounts are giving way to far more exotic strategies, designed to extract every last dollar from the consumer. As Christmas approached in 2015, the price of pumpkin-pie spice went wild. It didn’t soar, as an economics textbook might suggest. Nor did it crash. It just started vibrating between two quantum states. Amazon’s price for a one-ounce jar was either $4.49 or $8.99, depending on when you looked. Nearly a year later, as Thanksgiving 2016 approached, the price again began whipsawing between two different points, this time $3.36 and $4.69. We live in the age of the variable airfare, the surge-priced ride, the pay-what-you-want Radiohead album, and other novel price developments. But what was this? Some weird computer glitch? More like a deliberate glitch, it seems. “It’s most likely a strategy to get more data and test the right price,” Guru Hariharan explained, after I had sketched the pattern on a whiteboard. Continue Reading Jose Luis Magana / AP Trump: 'I Never Realized How Big It Was' David A. Graham An interview with the Associated Press shows President Trump slowly coming to terms with the size of the government he now runs, and the challenges he must tackle. Every president faces a steep learning curve when he enters the presidency. There is, as John F. Kennedy, wrote, no school for commanders in chief. Yet even by that standard, recent interviews show a Donald Trump who is genuinely surprised by the size of his duties, the interests he must balance, and the methods required to get that done. On Sunday, the Associated Press released a transcript of an interview with the president last week. It deserves to be read in full: It captures his constant evasiveness on facts, preferring hyperbole, for example, and his detachment from reality—when asked about a “contract with the American voter” on what he’d achieve in 100 days, Trump dismisses it, saying, “Somebody put out the concept of a hundred-day plan.” Continue Reading Alastair Grant / AP How Poverty Changes the Brain Tara García Mathewson The early results out of a Boston nonprofit are positive. You saw the pictures in science class—a profile view of the human brain, sectioned by function. The piece at the very front, right behind where a forehead would be if the brain were actually in someone’s head, is the pre-frontal cortex. It handles problem-solving, goal-setting, and task execution. And it works with the limbic system, which is connected and sits closer to the center of the brain. The limbic system processes emotions and triggers emotional responses, in part because of its storage of long-term memory. When a person lives in poverty, a growing body of research suggests the limbic system is constantly sending fear and stress messages to the prefrontal cortex, which overloads its ability to solve problems, set goals, and complete tasks in the most efficient ways. Continue Reading Wikimedia The Six Main Arcs in Storytelling, as Identified by an A.I. Adrienne LaFrance A machine mapped the most frequently used emotional trajectories in fiction, and compared them with the ones readers like best. “My prettiest contribution to my culture,” the writer Kurt Vonnegut mused in his 1981 autobiography Palm Sunday, “was a master’s thesis in anthropology which was rejected by the University of Chicago a long time ago.” By then, he said, the thesis had long since vanished. (“It was rejected because it was so simple and looked like too much fun,” Vonnegut explained.) But he continued to carry the idea with him for many years after that, and spoke publicly about it more than once. It was, essentially, this: “There is no reason why the simple shapes of stories can’t be fed into computers. They are beautiful shapes.” That explanation comes from a lecture he gave, and which you can still watch on YouTube, that involves Vonnegut mapping the narrative arc of popular storylines along a simple graph. The X-axis represents the chronology of the story, from beginning to end, while the Y-axis represents the experience of the protagonist, on a spectrum of ill fortune to good fortune. “This is an exercise in relativity, really,” Vonnegut explains. “The shape of the curve is what matters.” Continue Reading Regis Duvignau The Fall of the French Left Samuel Earle With Benoît Hamon’s defeat, his Socialist Party may be obsolete. In the first round of a French presidential election, there will, naturally, always be more losers than winners. But until Sunday, the Socialist Party had lost in the initial round only once before: In 2002, when incumbent Prime Minister Lionel Jospin unexpectedly finished a close third, behind a surprise surge from the National Front’s leader (FN), Jean-Marie Le Pen.   This year, independent-centrist Emmanuel Macron and Jean-Marie’s daughter, Marine, now leader of the FN herself, will move on to the final round on May 7. The Socialist candidate, Benoît Hamon, finished an unprecedented fifth. His loss feels very different from Jospin’s of 15 years ago, and not only because his paltry share of the vote was so much lower—just over 6 percent compared to Jospin’s 16. Continue Reading Irene Becker Photography / Ocean / Corbis The Diseases You Only Get if You Believe in Them Julie Beck An exploration of syndromes that are unique to particular cultures. You can’t get your genitals stolen in America. At least, not while they’re attached to your body. But people can in Nigeria, Benin, China, Singapore, and Hong Kong. In all of these places, there have been cases of koro (also called suo yang in some places), “a cultural syndrome where people feel like their genitals are being sucked into their body,” says Frank Bures. “And there’s a fear of death.” It’s often thought to be caused by some kind of curse, or spell, or spirit—something otherworldly. This is the condition that sparked Bures’s interest and led to his new book The Geography of Madness: Penis Thieves, Voodoo Death, and the Search for the Meaning of the World’s Strangest Syndromes. In it, he investigates mostly penis theft, but also other examples of what are called “cultural syndromes” or “culture-bound syndromes”—conditions that only exist in, and seem to stem from, particular cultures. Other examples include “frigophobia” in China, “a fear of cold which has its roots in traditional Chinese cosmology of balancing between hot and cold”; running “amok” in Malaysia, when people go on a killing spree they can’t remember later; and “hikikomori,” in Japan, when people socially withdraw to the point where they never leave home. Continue Reading Africa Studio / Shutterstock / Katie Martin / The Atlantic The Next Gluten James Hamblin Plant proteins called lectins are an emerging source of confusion and fear. Two weeks ago, a publicist sent me an early copy of a book that claimed it would change everything I thought I knew about food. That happens a lot. This one caught my eye because it warned of the “hidden dangers lurking in my salad bowl,” and I was eating a salad. The book, The Plant Paradox, has an image of an artfully smashed tomato on the cover, and it tells readers that eating tomatoes is “inciting a kind of chemical warfare in our bodies, causing inflammatory reactions that can lead to weight gain and serious health conditions.” Tomatoes and ill-timed references to chemical warfare are, apparently, only a small part of the problem. The Plant Paradox urgently warns against eating wheat, beans, and peanuts, among other plants. Continue Reading Oliver Munday Mexico’s Revenge Franklin Foer By antagonizing the U.S.’s neighbor to the south, Donald Trump has made the classic bully’s error: He has underestimated his victim. When Donald Trump first made sport of thumping Mexico—when he accused America’s neighbor of exporting rapists and “bad hombres,” when he deemed the country such a threat that it should be contained by a wall and so clueless that it could be suckered into paying for its own encasement—its president responded with strange equilibrium. Enrique Peña Nieto treated the humiliation like a meteorological disturbance. Relations with the United States would soon return to normal, if only he grinned his way through the painful episode. In August, Peña Nieto invited Trump to Mexico City, based on the then-contrarian notion that Trump might actually become president. Instead of branding Trump a toxic threat to Mexico’s well-being, he lavished the Republican nominee with legitimacy. Peña Nieto paid a severe, perhaps mortal, reputational cost for his magnanimity. Before the meeting, former President Vicente Fox had warned Peña Nieto that if he went soft on Trump, history would remember him as a “traitor.” In the months following the meeting, his approval rating plummeted, falling as low as 12 percent in one poll—which put his popularity on par with Trump’s own popularity among Mexicans. The political lesson was clear enough: No Mexican leader could abide Trump’s imprecations and hope to thrive. Since then, the Mexican political elite has begun to ponder retaliatory measures that would reassert the country’s dignity, and perhaps even cause the Trump administration to reverse its hostile course. With a presidential election in just over a year—and Peña Nieto prevented by term limits from running again—vehement responses to Trump are considered an electoral necessity. Memos outlining policies that could wound the United States have begun flying around Mexico City. These show that Trump has committed the bully’s error of underestimating the target of his gibes. As it turns out, Mexico could hurt the United States very badly. Continue Reading Mike Blake / Reuters How Trump Is Upending the Conventional Wisdom on Illegal Immigration David Frum The president has been frustrated on many fronts in his first hundred days, but on his watch, unauthorized border crossings have fallen sharply. Obamacare remains the law of the land. So does NAFTA. Tax reform exists only as pixels in a tweet. Infrastructure ain’t happening. Five months after the Republicans won united control of Congress and the presidency, it seems uncertain whether one-party Washington can avoid a government shutdown over a budget dispute. Yet as Day 100 of his presidency nears, President Donald Trump can take credit for one huge accomplishment, an accomplishment more central to his election campaign than any of the unfulfilled pledges above. Illegal immigration into the United States has slowed dramatically. The Department of Homeland Security reports that illegal crossings across the southern border plunged 40 percent in the first month of the Trump presidency, the steepest decline in illegal migration since the recession of 2009. Illegal immigration by family groups with children has dropped by over 90 percent. Continue Reading 'I've Done Horrible Things for Dope' Katherine Wells A haunting documentary about a West Virginia town plagued by painkiller addiction Watch Video Barack Obama Is Okay With the Criticism Jackie Lay and Ta-Nehisi Coates The former president explains what it’s like to be both a person and a symbol. Watch Video Inside a Democrat's Remarkable Campaign in a Deep-Red District Daniel Lombroso Republicans have held Georgia's sixth district for nearly 40 years, but Jon Ossoff could change that. We go inside his record-breaking campaign. Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Home Share Tweet Next story in Business Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2017 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad > Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman NWACC to Host Web Content and Merchandising Class for Walmart Vendor Community BENTONVILLE, Ark., April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Northwest Arkansas Community College has partnered with local eCommerce firm WhyteSpyder for a two-day course aimed at bringing suppliers up to speed with the standards and practices for web content that Walmart requires. Item Storytelling for the Omnichannel Shopper will be held in room B103 of the Shewmaker Center for Workforce Technologies on the following dates: [embedded content] WhyteSpyder CEO Eric Howerton outlines key Markendising ideas. May 2-3, 9:30 a.m. – 12:30 p.m. June 6-7, 9:30 a.m. – 12:30 p.m. The lectures will be taught by WhyteSpyder’s co-founder and CEO, Eric Howerton, and Senior Director of Account Services, Joyce Grippi, who will share lessons from their decades of merchandising experience to show the quality of content expected by modern shoppers. „Walmart is asking for the best-in-class data and content,” Howerton said. „They don’t want— they won’t even accept the blanketed content that’s coming from retailers. They want it unique.” Howerton says the key to connecting with the researching consumer is to show them how the product can solve their problems. „You need to be their library,” he said. Walmart’s acquisition of Jet.com and hiring of its CEO, Marc Lore, presents an important opportunity for brands doing business with the company to participate in its largest push yet for innovative web content and data. However, Howerton has noticed that not all vendors are aware of the recent major developments in online marketing. „There is a massive gap in understanding omnichannel shopper behavior and their demand for item-level data and content,” Howerton said. He and Grippi have shaped the objectives of the course around addressing this issue, mapping out the „what, why, and how” of merchandising best practices. The course requires no prerequisites and will last from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. Participants must have access to Retail Link, the system Walmart uses to communicate inventory and sales data with vendors, and bring a laptop to class each day. For more information, or to register for the course, go to http://www.whytespyder.com/nwacc-item-storytelling/. About NWACC: NorthWest Arkansas Community College is a smart choice for students wanting to pursue quality higher education. As an accredited institution through The Higher Learning Commission, NWACC is a public two-year institution that serves and strengthens its surrounding communities in Benton and Washington counties by helping our students maximize their potential and exceed expectations. With state-of-the-art facilities, NWACC provides excellent academic instruction and workforce training needed to succeed, offering personalized attention from highly respected faculty, staff, and administrators. For more information, visit www.nwacc.edu. About WhyteSpyder: WhyteSpyder helps Walmart and Sam’s Club manufacturers manage and optimize product data and content on Walmart.com and Samsclub.com. WhyteSpyder keeps with the strategic vision of Walmart and Sam’s Club when creating and managing content. We use any distribution technology accepted by retailers that is beneficial for manufacturers and their agencies. Learn more about WhyteSpyder by calling 479-287-4006 or visiting www.whytespyder.com. CONTACT: Lisa Anderson, Executive Director of Planning, Effectiveness and Public Relations landerson7@nwacc.edu 479-619-2227 Brooke McNeely, Content Director, WhyteSpyder bmcneely@whytespyder.com  479-287-4006 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nwacc-to-host-web-content-and-merchandising-class-for-walmart-vendor-community-300444436.html SOURCE WhyteSpyder Related Links http://whytespyder.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBroadcast Feed Annoucement Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Construction, Mining and Agriculture Electric Vehicles Market Forecast to Value $30 billion in 2025 Next PostNext Kansas City Life Declares Quarterly Dividend Search Recent Posts Endodontic Irrigators Market in United States Overview, Growth Forecast, Demand and Development Research Report to 2021 Zyno Medical Oncology Product Suite Featured At Community Oncology Conference Solid Oxide Fuel Cells (SOFCs) – Global Strategic Business Report 2017 – Research and Markets Global Biolubricants Strategic Business Report 2017 – Research and Markets Electrical System Cryotherapy Chambers Market in United States Report Research Analysis, Growth Opportunities and Recent Trends by Leading Regions, Types and Application from 2017 to 2021 Proudly powered by WordPress
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Whole Foods Shares Pop on Albertsons' Reported Takeover Interest ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Whole Foods Shares Pop on Albertsons' Reported Takeover Interest By Victoria Craig Published April 24, 2017 Food and Beverage FOXBusiness Facebook Twitter Comments Print Shares of high-end grocery chain Whole Foods (WFM) jumped as much as 3.6% to a fresh 52-week high of $37.33 on Monday after the Financial Times reported U.S. supermarket operator Albertsons – backed by private equity group Cerberus Capital – is exploring a takeover. Continue Reading Below While no formal bids have been made, sources told the FT Cerberus Capital has held preliminary talks with bankers about a bid for Whole Foods. Should a proposal for a tie up come to fruition, it would be less than two years after Albertsons bought Safeway for $9 billion, a transaction that created the third-biggest grocery chain by revenue behind Walmart and Kroger (KR). The report comes two weeks after Jana Partners disclosed a nearly 9% stake in the company as it outlined a host of problems fueling what it called “chronic underperformance” for Whole Foods shareholders. Jana said it would, if necessary, consider nominating individuals for election to the grocer’s board of directors, and though it said it would not try to be part of a merger or sale of the company, it could still consider pressuring Whole Foods to take those actions on its own. As takeover speculation brews, Whole Foods shares have jumped 16% since the start of the year, adding to gains of nearly 20% over the last 52 weeks. After elevating organic foods to mainstream status, Whole Foods has faced increasing competition from the likes of Kroger and Walmart (WMT) – both of which have upped their game when it comes to competing in the fresh-food space as they’ve come under scrutiny of their own to grow their top and bottom lines as competition has put an enormous strain on the industry. Food retail in the U.S. is an oversaturated and mature market, analysts at Credit Suisse said in a research note last week, leading them to conclude a Whole Foods sale would provide an opportunity to unlock value for the company and its shareholders. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT “The outlook for the food retail industry is rapidly deteriorating. While deflation has clearly been a factor in the weak sales and increased promotions, the underlying fundamentals of the business appear to be undergoing structural change as well,” they said. Indeed, even established players in the space -- like Walmart -- are finding it harder and harder to compete with e-commerce giant  Amazon (AMZN), which has renewed focus on the fresh-food space with its cashier-free convenience stores and Amazon Fresh grocery-delivery platforms.  This month, Walmart dangled more online-order discounts in front of its consumers – offering lower prices for items shoppers purchase online and pick up in store. The announcement came alongside new efforts to trim headcount as it struggles to compete. With Walmart leading the charge to cut prices, Credit Suisse estimates between 30% and 40% of the industry is now slashing prices to lure customers through the doors – and the outlook, they said, isn’t likely to improve as e-commerce becomes more meaningful in the food and consumable categories. In fact, online sales in those areas grew 20% - 30% annually, and the firm’s data show Walmart and Kroger are the only retailers to have a double-digit share in the industry, with other players – like Whole Foods – in the low to mid-single digits. That’s where a possible merger or acquisition of Whole Foods comes into play. “An asset like [Whole Foods] could be layered into an existing infrastructure, providing share and cost benefits,” the analysts said, adding they would view a transaction between Kroger and Whole Foods as advantageous since the two companies serve different customer segments, which they could bring together under one umbrella. While Kroger has been rumored as a possible buyer for Whole Foods, the company hasn’t floated a formal offer. Related Content An Activist at the Whole Foods Table: What it Means for WFM's Turnaround Chances Walmart Extends Online Discounts, Cuts More Jobs Amid Pricing War with Amazon JPMorgan's Dimon: Consumers Strong, Retail Tumult 'Won't Be a Big Deal' Consumer Spending Cools Despite Robust Sentiment Surveys What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: China's "Sin City" Is Bouncing Back With 8th Straight Month of Growth After 26 down months in a row, Macau's recovery is finally showing legs. Here's what investors should know about the latest developments in the gambling mecca. Seth McNew (TMFMcNew) Apr 24, 2017 at 2:02PM Macau, the world's biggest gambling market, saw devastating declines at its casinos and resorts following a 2014 government crackdown that shook the city's foundations. However, March marked the eighth straight month of growth, spurring investors' hopes that a recovery may finally be taking hold. In this episode of Industry Focus: Consumer Goods, Vincent Shen and Fool.com contributor Seth McNew explain what investors need to know about the Macau gaming scene today. Listen in to find out about the main players, how each of them is recovering from the years-long downtrend, and how further government regulations could still stifle the recovery. Also, the two share an update on the success of the Nintendo (NASDAQOTH:NTDOY) Switch and developments in Japan that may soon create a booming new market for casino operators. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on April 13, 2017. Vincent Shen: Welcome to Industry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. I'm your host, Vincent Shen, and it's Thursday, April 13. We are prerecording for next Tuesday. Helping me with that is Fool.com contributor Seth McNew, who is calling in via Skype from San Francisco. Hey Seth! Welcome back! Seth McNew: Hey! Thanks a lot, Vince! It's great to be back. Shen: Last time you were on the show, we looked at developments in the video game industry. In just the two weeks or so since we talked, there have been some updates that I wanted to discuss before we dive into the main part of this episode. First, there was the Switch. This is the newest video game console from Nintendo that was originally unveiled last October, and made its official debut on March 3. In its six weeks on the market, the Switch continues to fly off store shelves. If you go to the official Nintendo Switch product page online, they have links to retail partners where you should technically be able to buy one of these consoles. I actually checked all six of them -- Best Buy, GameStop, Target, Wal-Mart, and Toys "R" Us. Can you guess, Seth, whether or not I was able to find a Switch available at those retail partners? McNew: I would say probably not. If you're looking places like eBay, you can definitely get one if you're willing to pay a little bit of a premium. Shen: Yes, exactly. Amazon was also one of the partners. It's available only from third-party sellers, not from Amazon themselves. They're charging a premium, like you said, in the face of such high demand. So, buyers can expect to pay at least $360, when the Switch's official MSRP is $299. I got curious, I did go to eBay to see what people had been willing to pony up to get their hands on one of these consoles, and more recent listings are similarly going for around $400. In the initial weeks after the release, when the frenzy was really building up and people had to get their hands on one, there were some listings for the Switch console being sold for well over $1,000. McNew: That's absurd. Shen: Pretty incredible. All of this incredible hype bears out in sales for the console in numbers that we've seen. There's a report from DIGITIMES that said, based on estimates from Nintendo's supply chain partners, the company could end up shipping as many as 20 million units in its first year. Looking out further, the president of Nintendo sees a lifetime total for the console of potentially 110 million units, which would far eclipse the previous generation Wii U. McNew: 110 million units, but we don't know how long it's going to take for them to actually produce that many. At this rate, it could be a few years before they're able to get that out. Shen: Yeah. It'll take several years for them to even get that number. Recently, they doubled their shipping estimates from 8 [million] to 16 million. I think that's going up again to potentially this 20 million number that we're seeing. But our biggest concern last episode, in addition to their inability to meet some of this demand, every store being sold out, there was also a concern about a relative lack of top-tier game titles. But with these kinds of forecasts, I have to imagine at this point the developers are getting pretty excited about tapping into this corner of the console market. What do you think? Is that something, with these kinds of numbers, that people, especially third-party developers, are perking up their ears and thinking to themselves, "It's time to get in on this." McNew: Yeah, I think so. You're right that when the Switch came out it had such a lean amount of titles that came with it. They have already announced some pretty interesting new titles. Mario Kart is coming out this month, which is going to be a hit, I'm sure. Then, other games like Minecraft, Ubisoft has talked about Monopoly is coming out soon. So, you're having these very classic games like Pac-Man that you would expect for this kind of console, but you have some new franchises as well that are coming out as well, some different sports games. And then, I think it lends itself well to some competition. They talk about a Mario Kart competition. But, as we talked about last time I was here, with e-sports, this mobile gaming, it seems like such an easy way to get into that online competitive space. So, I would imagine a lot of third-party developers are pretty interested in that aspect. Shen: I think Nintendo has also done its part with this specific console, a better job than they did with the Wii U, and that is making the platform more attractive to third-party developers. They're supporting common game engines that make it easier to create the games and the titles for the console. Something that might be more important, you mentioned e-sports, but there's also this online gaming element. The company has announced that there will be an online gaming platform for the Switch that will launch later this year. Initial testing has already started. Like its biggest competitors, Nintendo will actually start charging players for access to this service. That adds another income stream on one hand. On the other hand, I think game developers will be attracted, because you want a robust online player base for additional opportunities to monetize their titles. You look at Activision Blizzard, Electronic Arts, they're making 60% to 75% of their sales digitally, and it becomes very clear how important getting this online platform right will be for Nintendo. Moving on, also making waves in the space recently was Microsoft. The tech giant released some additional details for its Project Scorpio. The official reveal will happen at the Electronic Entertainment Expo in June. But, the gist of it is, you get more powerful hardware, better graphics, 4K compatibility, and support for virtual reality headsets. As we discussed a little bit on the last show, titles will be compatible across Xbox One, the Xbox One S, and Scorpio, so game developers will be in a very favorable position where they can work on one title and tap into bigger player bases than they have in the past. Now, for our main discussion topic for this episode. It's gaming-related, but we're talking about roulette and blackjack and baccarat kind of gaming. Macau, which is the special administrative region in China, which also happens to be the most densely populated region in the world, has been the gambling capital for over a decade. But, following a government crackdown on corruption and money laundering in the region, plus an economic slowdown, Macau suffered huge declines to its gaming industry starting in 2014. For 26 months straight, their market reported declines year over year in gaming revenue. Macau peaked in 2013 at over $45 billion, and by 2016, it had shrunk 40% to about $28 billion. Is there a light coming over the horizon? What are investors seeing now, Seth, broadly, for this market? McNew: To put some of those numbers in perspective, you have to imagine that 2013 number, you're talking seven times as much gaming revenue as Las Vegas. Even though this last year, when they had faced so many months of decline, we're still talking three times as much revenue as Las Vegas. So, this is certainly a massive part of the gaming industry still, and now it looks like it's regrowing again. In March, we had total gaming revenue grow 18% over March of last year. It looks like this trend that we've seen since last August, that every month, it's getting a little bit better, is now really starting to show some pretty substantial growth. Shen: There have officially been eight straight months of growth now. I think in the beginning of the year, people were still kind of skittish, not really sure if this was building out into something you could call a trend. But February and March saw revenue up about 18% year over year. So, it seems like that momentum is really picking up in their favor. But let's turn our attention now to the major casino operators, who are based in Macau, or have significant business there. Who do you want to start with, Seth? McNew: There's really four operators that make sense for investors to be watching. The one that's been the best performing so far this year is definitely Wynn Resorts (NASDAQ:WYNN). Wynn had their new massive Wynn Palace resort open last August, which worked out well with the first month that Macau showed some positive signs of turning around, probably helped out by the new resort by Wynn. And in 2016, Wynn really posted some pretty substantial growth in earnings. If this resort works out pretty well for them in 2017, we should see that growth continue. Shen: Yeah. For this company, Wynn, 64% or so of their revenue is based in this region. So, obviously, an important market for them. Really exciting with the newest resort that they opened last year. But they're not the only ones. Las Vegas Sands (NYSE:LVS), over half of their revenue also is based in this region, they opened the Parisian. What's going on with them? McNew: That's true, Las Vegas Sands open their new resort as well, a couple months after Wynn. You're right, Las Vegas Sands is by far the dominating force in Macau right now. Wynn has doubled its own presence there, but with its two casinos, it still pretty much pales in comparison to Las Vegas Sands and its five casinos. The other thing is it has more hotel rooms than any other company by far. It has more gaming tables. So, especially as we're seeing this shift toward mass-market, you're wondering who's going to get that spillover and that increase in visitation. It's probably going to be these casinos that Las Vegas Sands holds. Shen: Sure. For another company that is a really significant business here, based mostly here and in the Philippines, is Melco (NASDAQ:MLCO). They have gone through a bit of a shake-up recently. What's the story there? McNew: Yeah, to say the least. They have their own little bit of drama lately. One of the partners, Crown, has divested itself from the company. They'll be rebranding to just Melco Resorts and Entertainment. Along with that, they'll have a little bit more control. It sounds like they're going to overhaul some of the properties, some of the uneven parts of the property, changing up some of the feel of the hotel towers and whatnot. That could be really good for the company as they're shaking things up. That might be a good way for them to also bring in some new visitation that would otherwise go to some of these new resorts. Shen: Sure. The last company we'll talk about here, they have a resort that's been delayed several times. I think it's slated at this point to maybe open later this year or even next year. Correct me if I'm wrong, Seth. That's MGM (NYSE:MGM). Their presence is not as significant as some of these other companies in terms of their business overall. About 20% of MGM's revenue is based in Macau. What's the story there with their Cotai Resort? McNew: That resort has been pushed back a few times. The latest on their website right now says second half of 2017. So, we'll hope to see that open. I was just there a couple months ago, and the resort looks great. From the outside, it looks completely finished. I'm not sure what's taking so long. But, it looks like a beautiful resort. And yes, Macau right now makes up a relatively small portion of their overall revenue. But, you can understand that if things are pretty much stable in Las Vegas -- and that's their bread and butter -- by doubling their operations in Macau, it could be a pretty huge growth driver for them in 2017 and 2018. Shen: Yeah, especially if the market there broadly is expanding and improving and this trend really does continue. A lot of these companies will be releasing their next bout of quarterly earnings in the next month or so. What do you think you'll be watching in the results, as these companies give updates on the situation in Macau, the status of their new resort openings, or the ones that are in process -- what do you think? McNew: We probably can expect that Las Vegas Sands will be the first one to report. Not all of these companies have said when they're reporting Q1. But, when they do report, that will be interesting to see, what is happening with the mass market and VIP switch. Is it true that the mass market is rising enough to overtake what is being lost in that VIP segment? Also, we want to see things like hotel occupancy and average daily rate. Are those really growing consistently as much as is needed? Do we see increased visitation that's spurring on a really robust recovery in the overall gaming? Or is it maybe just increased gaming by per spend from player? Those are things that, that's interesting with the regulation there as well. Is the government going to increase regulation again because they're worried that gaming is getting out of control? Or is there a shift to mass-market entertainment that the government is really fond of? Shen: On that note, on the regulation side, it's really important for anybody who's thinking about investing in these companies, or who is looking for exposure to the gaming site in Macau, as prospects brighten here, are you concerned that Beijing officials ultimately come in and clamp down yet again to take the momentum out of this rally? Because, it was only in December that they instituted this new capital control regarding ATM withdrawals. Basically, they cut in half the amount of money that Chinese tourists could take out with their popular Union Pay cards. Just like that, a huge impact on the shares of the major casino operators we're talking about here -- Las Vegas Sands, after that was announced, was down 13% on the day. Wynn Resorts was down 11%. Melco was down 14%. That's always looming, is it not, this potential change where the officials in Beijing decide there's too much money going out of China and into areas like Macau and some of the resorts in Singapore as well, and they decide to crack down again? McNew: Yeah, that's always a thing. Even if it's just one sentence from an official in Beijing talking about, they want to crack down on companies that are advertising gambling in mainland China, which is still illegal. That's what I'm saying, if the recovery is really about entertainment and hotels, and they're building some other stuff right outside of Macau, if that's truly the recovery, I think that will be really positive for the government. If it's really about gambling, maybe not so much. Shen: Sure. On the flip side of that, and to wrap up our discussion here, I'm sure the gaming industry is revving its engine right now, anticipating the opportunities in Japan. We talked about this earlier this year, the fact that the government in Japan essentially approved the beginning of the process to open some integrated resorts in that country. Some of the really bullish initial forecasts put the size of the Japanese gaming market as high as $25 [billion] to $40 billion. That's based on the popularity of gambling-like games that currently exist in the country. Some of the more conservative estimates come in at around $5 [billion] to $10 billion. I think the entity that ultimately holds the key to exactly how lucrative and large the market becomes is, of course, the Japanese government. They're in the process now of deciding the rules and regulations for the industry -- where the resorts can open, how they'll operate. Do you think companies are overly optimistic, hoping for a way out of the volatility that can happen in Macau? Ultimately, how do you think things will shake out for Japan? McNew: I don't know if I would say overly optimistic. Even on the low side of those estimates, that's a really big bump in the gaming industry, and also for something that's diversified. Shen: Yeah, it's like a second Vegas, admittedly. McNew: A second Vegas that's in a new country, a country where you can expect some new attention being paid to it because of the 2020 Olympics coming up. So, even if it's on the low end of that, I think every one of these companies should be excited about trying to get a resort there. Shen: Some of the comments that management and the leaders at these companies have made, to give you a sense of exactly how powerful and how excited they are for this opportunity -- for example, I have Sheldon Adelson, the Las Vegas Sands founder and CEO. He's called Japan "the ultimate opportunity for his business going forward", and he has aims to spend something like $10 billion in that market once things kick off. Then, there's also Lawrence Ho, CEO at Melco, he's basically echoed that sentiment. He said, "This opportunity is priceless, and we will spend whatever it takes to win." So, obviously, these leaders of these companies, the leaders of that industry, the bullishness that they are showing should give investors an idea, once we have a better idea of what the regulations will shake out to, whether there are limitations, just as an example, in Singapore, as a permanent resident or citizen, they charge an entry fee, because they want to limit any negative effects that the gaming industry can have, or that these casinos can have. In that region, there has been some talk, some rumors that there might be something similar. So, whether this goes from $5 [billion] to $10 billion, or as big as $25 billion, as the more optimistic people hope it will be, it's going to really depend on how some of that regulation ultimately shakes out. Any other final thoughts, Seth, to wrap up? McNew: Talking about Singapore, I don't know if you knew this but I actually lived and worked in Singapore for some time. It was really interesting to be around the casinos there, and see how they're really marketed toward visitors, they're marketed toward these international people that are coming to stay in Singapore, and yet they are a crown jewel of the island. The Marina Bay Sands there, it's on so many of the postcards and the pictures of Singapore, because it's such an iconic piece of the total country. So, when you're looking at what company might want to license in Japan, the Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has already talked about, maybe the model in Singapore is what they need in Japan. So, you look at Las Vegas Sands as, obviously, a leader in the market. Shen: Yep, there you go. With that, I think it'll be a very interesting time to follow this industry, follow these companies over the next year or two, as the details behind the development in Japan gets ironed out, and we get more information. But thanks again, Seth, for joining us today! McNew: Absolutely, thank you! Shen: Fools, remember that you can reach out to the Industry Focus team via Twitter @MFIndustryFocus, or send any questions to industryfocus@fool.com. People on the program may own companies discussed on the show, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against stocks mentioned, so don't buy or sell stocks based solely on what you hear during the program. Thanks for listening and Fool on! Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Seth McNew owns shares of Las Vegas Sands. Vincent Shen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Activision Blizzard, Amazon, and eBay. The Motley Fool recommends Electronic Arts. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Seth McNew (TMFMcNew) "Do not be fooled by its commonplace appearance. Like so many things, it is not what is outside, but what is inside that counts." -- Aladdin Article Info Apr 24, 2017 at 2:02PM Consumer Goods Stocks Nintendo NASDAQOTH:NTDOY $31.10 up $0.18 (0.58%) Wynn Resorts NASDAQ:WYNN $115.57 down $0.33 (-0.28%) MGM Resorts International NYSE:MGM $29.00 up $0.59 (2.08%) Melco Resorts & Entertainment NASDAQ:MLCO $20.75 up $0.20 (0.97%) Las Vegas Sands NYSE:LVS $57.65 up $0.27 (0.47%) Read More Sirius XM Stock Has a Lot to Prove on Thursday GoPro Will Bring a New VR Camera to Market in 2017 Altria's Success Story in 2 Simple Sentences Chipotle Bears Are Underestimating Its Potential The Profit Levers Are Working for New Oriental Education & Tech Grp (ADR) Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current China's "Sin City" Is Bouncing Back With 8th Straight Month of Growth @themotleyfool #stocks $NTDOY, $WYNN, $MGM, $MLCO, $LVS
Skip to main content Home Store Systems Analytics Digital Commerce Supply Chain / Merchandising Customer Engagement Home Research & Reports Magazine RIS Events Video Contact Us SUBSCRIBE Press enter to search Store Systems Analytics Digital Commerce Supply Chain / Merchandising Customer Engagement Home Research & Reports Magazine RIS Events Video Contact Us The 10 Biggest E-Commerce Retailers Press enter to search The 10 Biggest E-Commerce Retailers By Tim Denman - 04/24/2017 While many brick-and-mortar retailers are struggling, online sales continue to surge throughout the industry, further syphoning business away from traditional retailers. More than a billion dollars is spent online every day, but which retailers are cutting up the biggest piece of the pie? According to eMarketer, Amazon is leading the pack by a fair margin with over $94 billion in revenue over the past 12 months, more than the other nine members of the top 10 combined. The entire list of the 50 retailers earning the most online can be viewed here. Below is a quick look at the 10 e-commerce leaders with the greatest revenue: Amazon. The king of e-commerce posted online revenue of $94.6 billion over the past 12 months, more than five times the revenue of second place Apple. Amazon is synonymous with online shopping and is the undisputed leader in the space, in fact Gartner recently reported that 55% of product searches originated on Amazon in 2016. Apple. Apple’s $16.8 billion in e-commerce sales pales in comparison to Amazon’s gaudy sales results but it is still a massive number and over $2 billion more than third-place Walmart. The consumer-tech leader posted a 40% increase in year-over-year e-commerce sales, although just 7.7% of sales took place online. Walmart. Retail’s biggest player is making inroads in the online space as it battles Amazon for online supremacy. Walmart collected $14.4 billion in online revenue over the past 12 months and will likely see that number rise in coming years as its acquisition of Jet.com and plan to greater utilize its physical presence bear fruit. Macy’s. While the American retail icon continues to struggle amid slumping mall traffic and swirling rumors of a sale, online sales numbers continue to grow. The retailer’s $4.6 billion in online sales is a 12.5% year-over-year increase and represents 17.9% of Macy’s revenue. Costco. Costco built its empire on a unique warehouse style in-store experience, but is steadily growing its online sales ― e-commerce revenue increased by 11.4% over the past year. While Costco collects just 3.5% of its total revenue online, it still represents $4.2 billion in sales and is good for fifth overall. QVC. QVC is one of the original “omnichannel” retailers having operated a multi-channel shop-at-home organization for decades. With all of that experience in its back pocket it is no surprise that QVC is excelling online earning over $4 billion in revenue, which represents 46.6% of total sales.   Nordstrom. The upscale department store chain has adopted well to the omnichannel model, bringing in $3.2 billion in e-commerce sales, representing over 21% of total revenue. While the online sales figures are impressive they have not come without cost, the retailer’s spending on technology, supply chain, and marketing capabilities continues to grow year-over-year. Target. Target’s $3 billion in online sales is good for eighth best in the U.S. over the past year. While the lion’s share of sales for Target still occur at the store level online sales increased 22.9% and now represent 4.4% of total sales. The retailer recently announced plans to invest over $7 billion over the next three years on its digital capabilities to supercharge the in-store and online experience. Kohl’s. The department store retailer in in the midst of a multi-year transformation effort designed to infuse the enterprise with digital tech in-store and out. Its latest investment in ship from store and buy online pick up in store is helping shorten the last mile of fulfillment. The digital investments helped increase online revenue by 22.9% to $3 billion over the past 12 months. Gap. Another retailer that has felt the burn of dwindling mall traffic, The Gap is betting big on it e-commerce capabilities, especially its mobile offerings, to keep the brand profitable. Over the past year the retailer earned $2.5 billion from its e-commerce efforts, which represents 16.3% of total revenue. SHARE YOU MAY ALSO LIKE Omnichannel The 10 Retailers With the Most E-Commerce Distribution Centers E-Commerce Costco to Boost Online Visibility with E-Commerce Platform Upgrade E-Commerce Double-Digit Spending Increases Kick Off Holiday 2011 Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Digital Sales Soar in the 2016 Holiday Shopping Season Business Intelligence (BI) Top 10 Retailers Shoppers Return to Again and Again RELATED TOPICS Digital Commerce E-Commerce Customer Experience Fulfillment Digital Tranformation Omnichannel Marketing Footer Social LinkedIn Twitter Youtube Facebook Footer Contact Us Editorial Board Media Kit Privacy Statement Terms & Conditions © 2017 EnsembleIQ, All Rights Reserved
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine Trading the World Trading Nation CNBC Disruptor 50 Investing in Megatrends Tech Transformers Iconic Tour Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Retail Consumer Retail Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Wal-Mart e-commerce investment arm names new retail startup CEO 17 Hours AgoReuters SHARES Patrick T. Fallon | Bloomberg | Getty Images A customer puts a bag of purchases into a shopping cart at a Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Wal-Mart Stores, the world's no.1 retailer, said its recently launched startup investment arm, Store No 8, has hired Jenny Fleiss as the chief executive of its first portfolio company. Fleiss will run code eight, a startup that will develop personalized, one-to-one shopping experiences. Fleiss is the co-founder and former head of business development of Rent the Runway, a designer fashion rental company. Silicon Valley-based Store No 8, launched in March to expand Wal-Mart's e-commerce business, plans to work with startups that specialize in areas such as robotics, virtual and augmented reality, machine learning and artificial intelligence. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT ---
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman The Mars Agency Expands E-Commerce Team To Meet Exploding Growth Among CPG Companies DETROIT, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — As E-Commerce continues to emerge as the next dominant retail channel for CPG companies, The Mars Agency is adding senior members to its best-in-class E-Commerce team to provide clients with the expertise and resources to succeed in digital marketplaces. Megan Harbold joins as VP, E-Commerce and Erik Kraft joins as Senior Manager, Paid Search. As a widely acknowledged leader in shopper marketing, The Mars Agency is building a base of experts and capabilities to help clients capitalize on next-generation shopper marketing, powered by E-Commerce. The agency’s E-Commerce practice provides end-to-end services for clients that span readiness (education and training), strategic planning, media & merchandising activation, analytics and business management, and offers support for both key pure-play retailers like Amazon and multi-channel accounts like Walmart. The agency has doubled the size of its E-Commerce team this year and plans further growth by early summer. „Our E-Commerce practice is a dynamic and growing part of our business and we plan to continue to invest aggressively in the E-Commerce space to meet the needs of our clients,” says Rob Rivenburgh, CEO, North America of The Mars Agency. „Amazon and other E-tailers are increasingly an important channel for CPG companies and we see E-Commerce as a natural evolution of the retailer field-based shopper marketing infrastructure we’ve had in place for more than 15 years. Just as we saw the superstore concept emerge back in the 1980s, we are similarly well positioned to help clients win in E-Commerce, the channel of the future.” Mars has cultivated a deep expertise across the Amazon ecosystem, forging close relationships with key stakeholders, developing specialized capabilities in areas like AMS/paid search management, earning designation as an Amazon Trusted Creative Partner and collaborating with the Alexa team on thought leadership initiatives in the voice realm. Several team members are based in Seattle for easy accessibility to the retail giant. And the agency is building similar proficiency with other retailers, such as Instacart and Walmart.com. Mars began offering E-Commerce support to clients three years ago in response to a perceived gap in full-service agency resources in this area. The agency’s early progress was led by Ethan Goodman, SVP, Shopper Media and Innovation, who worked closely on Procter & Gamble’s key E-Commerce initiatives while at Leo Burnett, and Melissa Wightman, director, E-Commerce, a 20-year Mars veteran with deep CPG expertise. Its E-Commerce capabilities were enriched with the addition of Melissa Burdick as VP, E-Commerce in 2015. Melissa spent 10 years at Amazon helping to launch the consumables business and many of the Amazon media products CPG brands use today. „Melissa and Melissa have been instrumental in building our capabilities, client relationships and industry profile,” says Goodman, who oversees the agency’s E-Commerce practice. „Adding Megan gives us an enviable pairing of brand and retailer expertise with Amazon, while Erik will lead our growth in the AMS/paid search arena. These additions reinforce our purpose to be the preeminent, end-to-end E-Commerce solution for our clients.” Burdick will continue to be the strategic lead for key client accounts, manage new business development and take ownership of the paid search and analytics capabilities. She is speaking at IRCE in June and regularly appears in business and trade media, most recently Bloomberg, Retail Geek and Shopper Marketing. Kraft is tasked with helping Burdick expand The Mars Agency’s paid search and analytics capabilities. He was formerly a paid search marketing manager at CommerceHub. Harbold brings significant brand experience from The Hershey Company, where she owned and operated the entirety of the Amazon business for Hershey, a best-in-class Amazon vendor. She will split strategic leadership of key client accounts and new business development with Burdick, and will help build out the agency’s Content and Brokerage/Business Management capabilities. About The Mars Agency The Mars Agency is a full-service, global shopper and consumer marketing leader, operating in 11 offices in North America and Europe. For nearly 45 years, the agency has been consistently recognized as a thought leader in the shopper space, attracting an impressive client base that includes Walmart, Hallmark, T-Mobile, Campbell’s, Pepperidge Farm, Lowe’s, Samsung, Pfizer, and Live Nation. To learn more about The Mars Agency, please visit http://www.themarsagency.com/. For more information, contact: Rick Leonard RCL Communications rick@rclcommunications.com 203.434.7734 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-mars-agency-expands-e-commerce-team-to-meet-exploding-growth-among-cpg-companies-300443760.html SOURCE The Mars Agency Related Links http://www.themarsagency.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious KALEAO Partners With CREAplus to Bring KMAX to Southern and Eastern Europe Next PostNext KALEAO Partners With CREAplus to Bring KMAX to Southern and Eastern Europe Search Recent Posts DNB Financial Corporation Reports First Quarter 2017 Results DNB Financial Corporation Reports First Quarter 2017 Results Global Food and Beverages Industry – Digital Transformation and Technology Landscape, 2016 Global Food and Beverages Industry – Digital Transformation and Technology Landscape, 2016 The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handicrafts, Watches & Houseware Fair opens today Proudly powered by WordPress
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Better days ahead for LTL carriers like ABF Freight, but expect ‘bumpy ride’ WWI remembered during Arkansas Heritage Month in May Tyson Foods considering sale of three non-meat based brands Delegation can boost enterprise value Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Fort Smith School Board approves teacher pay increases for 2017-2018 Arkansas executes inmates Jack Jones and Marcel Williams; victims’ family comments (Update 4) New Arkansas marijuana laws include restrictions, but no reversal of November vote Journalist covering Arkansas execution wonders, ‘There has to be a better way of doing this’ Around the world with Sen. Tom Cotton Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith School Board approves teacher pay increases for 2017-2018 Arkansas State University and Dr. Chuck Welch have a ‘sixth’ sense for success Better days ahead for LTL carriers like ABF Freight, but expect ‘bumpy ride’ Springdale business exec appointed to national manufacturing advisory board Video / Podcasts Around the world with Sen. Tom Cotton TB&P Daily: Sen. Tom Cotton reflects on President Trump’s first 100 days in office TB&P Daily: John Brummett on state executions past, present and future Reps. Reginald Murdock and Andy Davis discuss legislative session, death penalty politics TB&P Daily: Brooke Vines of Vines Media Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Better days ahead for LTL carriers like ABF Freight, but expect ‘bumpy ride’ The Supply Side: Applications for ‘Open Call’ event accepted through May 18 J.B. Hunt to spend $500 million on technology improvements, pushes e-commerce strategy The Supply Side: App offers real-time answers to retail questions Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us The Supply Side: Applications for ‘Open Call’ event accepted through May 18 BusinessLatest NewsManufacturingThe Supply Side by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 18 hours ago 33 views  Tags: The Supply Side 0 SHARES Share Tweet Within the first two days of launching the invitation for its fourth Open Call, Walmart U.S. received about 200 applications from existing and prospective suppliers to pitch their products in front of buyers. Cindi Marsiglio, vice president of Walmart U.S. manufacturing, said this year those who receive an invitation to present will also have access to leadership from all of the online formats owned by Wal-Mart Stores. She said meetings will be held between category buyers and the prospective suppliers, but also attending will be category leaders from Moosejaw, Jet.com, ShoeBuy and ModCloth, as well as Sam’s Club. “It’s really a great format to get product suppliers in front of the right buyer, which can sometimes be a cumbersome process. It’s a fast track, and it’s been successful for us,” Marsiglio said. In years past buyers held 800 meetings across several buildings in Bentonville. Marsiglio said a time block from 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. is set aside for the individual 30-minute meetings where the new products are pitched to buyers. Applications will be accepted until May 18, or until the time slots are filled. Last year the retailer cut off registration two days early. This year, Marsiglio said the opening session will feature Wal-Mart Stores CEO Doug McMillon and Walmart U.S. CEO Greg Foran, who are expected to update suppliers on the retailer’s progress in its 10-year commitment, to source $250 billion in goods made in the America. Marsiglio said this is the fifth year of a 10-year commitment and the retailer is pleased with the progress. She said as the retailer approaches the halfway mark of the initiative, plenty has been learned. She said this year Wal-Mart opted to combine its Manufacturing Summit with the Supplier Growth Forum that was held in Bentonville in February. “I was able to speak with more suppliers this year when they traveled here in February,” she said. “While it’s exciting to bring on new suppliers with Open Call, we have found the most progress has come from sourcing more U.S. made products from suppliers that already do business with us.” Marsiglio said the retailer also will look for unique new products at Open Call, but bringing on a new supplier can be a timely endeavor, whereas products from existing suppliers are easier to get in the system. Marsiglio dismissed the notion that the retailer is scaling back manufacturing support efforts. She said investments made last year to spur textile innovations are part of a long term plan, and it’s too early to evaluate. She said the U.S. manufacturing sessions held for suppliers at the recent Supplier Growth Forum were productive. Marsiglio said Modo Eyewear, a supplier to Walmart, invested in a new automated facility in New York that manufactures eyeglass frames for men, women and children, as well as sunglasses and readers, which will be priced at $10. She said the fashionable $10 readers will debut in stores in late June with the “Made in the U.S.” logo. “Modo took the challenge to heart and came up with a way to make frames onshore, something we have wanted for quite a while to stock our optical centers,” Marsiglio said. “They were able to leverage our resources along with help from other stakeholders to make this happen.” ––––––––––––––––––––––– Editor’s note: The Supply Side section of Talk Business & Politics focuses on the companies, organizations, issues and individuals engaged in providing products and services to retailers. The Supply Side is managed by Talk Business & Politics and sponsored by Propak Logistics. Comments comments Previous post New Arkansas marijuana laws include restrictions, but no reversal of November vote Next post Research suggests bias against women in technology hampers innovation, part of ‘STEM crisis’ Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Barbara Taylor Delegation can boost enterprise value Brian Kratkiewicz The future of advertising Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, corporate pieholes, and the ultimate halftime show Justin Allen Previewing Arkansas’ amendment debates ahead of the 2018 election Martha Londagin ‘The food’s the thing,’ but not everything Latest Popular Fort Smith School Board approves teacher pay increases for 2017-2018 4 hours ago Arkansas executes inmates Jack Jones and Marcel Williams; victims’ family comments (Update 4) 6 hours ago Arkansas State University and Dr. Chuck Welch have a ‘sixth’ sense for success 6 hours ago Better days ahead for LTL carriers like ABF Freight, but expect ‘bumpy ride’ 8 hours ago WWI remembered during Arkansas Heritage Month in May 9 hours ago Fort Smith businessman announces major overhaul of downtown property 4,731 views Wal-Mart gearing up for Lidl’s U.S. store openings; suppliers warned of deeper price wars 2,846 views Former Congressman Jay Dickey dies at the age of 77 2,653 views J.B. Hunt to spend $500 million on technology improvements, pushes e-commerce strategy 2,235 views Nine Bentonville office buildings sell for $25.1 million 2,092 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
By continuing to use this site you consent to the use of cookies on your device. Find out more about our cookie policy and the types of cookies we use by clicking here You currently DO NOT have javascript enabled, to view our site this must be enabled, read more Welcome to Morningstar Type Ticker, Company or Fund Name Sign Up Login Company Site Home Portfolio Investing for Retirement  Equities OEIC / Unit Trusts Investment Trusts ETFs Markets Tools Advisers   Welcome to Morningstar.co.uk! You have been redirected here from Hemscott.com as we are merging our websites to provide you with a one-stop shop for all your investment research needs. Get Started: To search for a security, type the name or ticker in the search box at the top of the page and select from the dropdown results. Registered Hemscott users can log in to Morningstar using the same login details. Similarly, if you are a Hemscott Premium user, you now have a Morningstar Premium account which you can access using the same login details. Morningstar.co.uk contains data, news and research on shares and funds, unique commentary and independent Morningstar research on a broad range of investment products, and portfolio and asset allocation tools to help make better investing decisions. For more information: Find out more about Morningstar and the website Read our top tips for getting the most out of Morningstar.co.uk Locate your usual Hemscott.com features on Morningstar.co.uk See a comprehensive list of Morningstar.co.uk features Check the answers to FAQs Contact website support Don't show me this message again   Close Economic Insights Investors Face Significant Headwinds says Newton's Stewart President Trump is changing the global trade scene, the tension between Russia and the US looks set to continue, and automation is disrupting economic growth Karen Kwok 24 April, 2017 | 12:47PM Share via Email   Receiver's Email: Invalid Reciever Email Sender's Email: Invalid Sender Email Add Your Note (Optional):   In 1988, a 41-year-old Donald Trump talked to the American talk show host David Letterman about his scepticism of free trade: “We are living in very precarious times. If you look at what certain countries are doing to this country. Japan has totally taken advantage of this country. I am talking about the trade deficits. They come and they talk about free trade… We defend Japan for virtually nothing, which is hard to believe.” Three decades later, now President Trump has made similar remarks on trade policy, speaking from the White House last week, saying: “Our farmers in Wisconsin and New York State are being put out of business, our dairy farmers. And that also includes what’s happening along our northern border states with Canada, having to do with lumber and timber. We can’t let Canada or anybody else take advantage [of us] and do what they did to our workers and to our farmers. This is another NAFTA disaster, and we’re not going to let it continue onward.” Trump’s Unwavering Policy Considering the longevity of his beliefs, those in opposition will be hard pressed to change Trump’s views, says former Danish Prime Minister Anders Rasmussen. Rasmussen served as Prime Minister of Denmark for eight years, and worked as the Secretary General of NATO from 2009 to 2014, playing a key role in global politics. With his decades of experience, there is one policy he is sure President Trump will pursue: protectionism on trade. “Unfortunately, I have to say that I think Trump is sincere in his scepticism concerning free trade. I am pretty sure Trump will pursue his trade policy, no matter what. So now we can expect a fundamental change in global trading as expected. We will, in no doubt, confront a much more, truly competitive world trade,” said Rasmussen. Why Protectionism Won’t Mean Jobs In 2016 the goods and services deficit of the US was $502 billion, up $2 billion from $500 billion in 2015, according to the US Department of Commerce. The US has a huge trade deficit, Rasmussen said, which President Trump used to argue that the US worker has lost out on employment and business to the Chinese and other global trade partners. “It is a misunderstanding to believe that you can protect your own job through protectionism. There is a disconnect between what you see and what you do not see,” said Rasmussen. Take Walmart (WMT), the US retail giant as an example. Walmart’s business model is built on a reliance on Chinese factories and low-cost products from the Chinese, which has given US consumers clothing and shoes at low prices. “What you see is US manufacturers losing deals to Chinese competitors. What you don’t see is Chinese households rising incomes which they then use to purchase goods from the West, supporting the US economy,” Rasmussen said. “Furthermore, the savings US consumers make shopping at Walmart, they then spend that money on US goods and services, creating more jobs. But these impacts are not as visible.” Tension Between US and Russia to Continue “Trump has said the US will stop being the world’s police force. But America is destined to be the world’s police force. They cannot retire. Russia will keep on challenging the US’s global leadership. It is in Russia’s interests to keep global conflicts going as the country needs to its neighbour to remain weak and fragmented,” said Rasmussen. “Investors need to be aware, that the relationship between the US and Russia is not going to improve any time soon. It is safe to say the tension will continue long in the future. The relationship will be very tense for decades to come.” Automation Disrupts Economic Growth Besides a negative geopolitical backdrop and changes to global trade, there are other headwinds investors should be aware of; Automation is disrupting global economic growth, according to Iain Stewart, manager of the Silver Rated Newton Real Return fund. “Automation, technology, is a double-edge sword. Over the last two decades, technology has really affected number of people employed in manufacturing. The numbers of robots has risen and productivity is weak. It is hard to see how we can have reflation in the face of this big structural trend,” he said. “We believe we are still in a disinflationary environment, or we are almost into a deflationary era.” Stewart’s views is in line with a research from the Centre for Business and Economic Research at Ball State University in the US, which shows that 85% of manufacturing jobs losses in the US are due to technological change. How to Invest in a Deflationary World Stewart believes that these structural trends are unlikely to change anytime soon, therefore he is taking a cautious approach when constructing his portfolio. As such he owns government bonds issued by the US, Australia and New Zealand and gold in his portfolio. In terms of equities, he is avoiding financial stocks as he believes the recent rally in financial stocks is due to the hope of further interest rate rise in the US, which he does not think will come. Instead, Stewart likes media companies, and auto stocks, which he believes is a sector that is benefiting from the low interest rate environment. “Thanks to low interest rates, a lot of deals are being approved that allowed people to buy cars. This brought forward a lot of demand in car industry, stimulating growth,” said Stewart. The information contained within is for educational and informational purposes ONLY. It is not intended nor should it be considered an invitation or inducement to buy or sell a security or securities noted within nor should it be viewed as a communication intended to persuade or incite you to buy or sell security or securities noted within. Any commentary provided is the opinion of the author and should not be considered a personalised recommendation. The information contained within should not be a person's sole basis for making an investment decision. Please contact your financial professional before making an investment decision. Share via Email   Receiver's Email: Invalid Reciever Email Sender's Email: Invalid Sender Email Add Your Note (Optional):   Related Articles Most Popular Recent Articles General Election 2017: Prepare for Market Volatility UK Prime Minister Theresa May has called a snap General Election for Thursday, June 8. Both th... Hermes: Trump is Good for US Small Companies US small and mid-sized stocks will rally if President Donald Trump pursues protectionist trade... US Economy: Low Job Growth and Rising Inflation March's surprisingly weak employment report is another hint that economic growth in 2017 will ... Morningstar Fund Ratings: Weekly Round-up ANALYST RATINGS: Fund analyst updates on L&G All Stocks Gilt Index, Foreign & Colonial Investment... How Much Are You Willing to Pay for Income? BlackRock Global Income team Stuart Reeve and Andrew Wheatley-Hubbard put a price on high-quality... Are FTSE Mining Companies Cheap Right Now? Mining companies are operating in a challenging environment but could now be the time to top up o... Advice for George Osborne and Stock Market Regrets THE WEEK: Morningstar columnist Rodney Hobson provides two pieces of advice to George Osborne, an... How to Find Solid Dividend-Paying Stocks Businesses that have competitive advantages within their industry are good candidates for dividen... 10 Top-Performing Funds in the UK Morningstar reveals the top 10 best performers over the last five years Fund Research: Europe’s Shining Stars Morningstar OBSR reveals the top funds for investors seeking exposure to European equities Top 10 Articles on Morningstar MOST READ: What are investors reading this week? Popular articles include Lloyds Bank dividend pl... Morningstar Fund Ratings: Weekly Round-up ANALYST RATINGS: Fund analyst updates on L&G All Stocks Gilt Index, Foreign & Colonial Investment... How Much Are You Willing to Pay for Income? BlackRock Global Income team Stuart Reeve and Andrew Wheatley-Hubbard put a price on high-quality... French Elections: Macron vs Le Pen Following the first round of the French Presidential elections yesterday, the May 7 vote is now b... Buxton: Lloyds Will Pay a 10% Dividend Star UK equity fund manager Richard Buxton says he enjoys the negativity around banking stocks, a... Securities Mentioned in Article Security Name Price Change (%) Morningstar Rating Newton Real Return A GBP Inc 1.17 GBP -0.20 - Wal-Mart Stores Inc 74.78 USD -0.21 About Author Karen Kwok  is a Reporter for Morningstar.co.uk HelpGlossaryLicensing OpportunitiesData OpportunitiesCareersContact MorningstarAdvertiseSite Map International sites: Australia Austria Belgium Canada China Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong Iceland India Italy Ireland Japan Korea Latvia Lithuania Malaysia Netherlands New Zealand Norway Portugal Singapore South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand United Kingdom United States     Make this site my homepage © Copyright 2016 Morningstar. All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Cookies The Morningstar Star Rating for Stocks is assigned based on an analyst's estimate of a stocks fair value. It is projection/opinion and not a statement of fact. Morningstar assigns star ratings based on an analyst’s estimate of a stock's fair value. Four components drive the Star Rating: (1) our assessment of the firm’s economic moat, (2) our estimate of the stock’s fair value, (3) our uncertainty around that fair value estimate and (4) the current market price. This process culminates in a single-point star rating that is updated daily. A 5-star represents a belief that the stock is a good value at its current price; a 1-star stock isn't. If our base-case assumptions are true the market price will converge on our fair value estimate over time, generally within three years. Investments in securities are subject to market and other risks. Past performance of a security may or may not be sustained in future and is no indication of future performance. For detail information about the Morningstar Star Rating for Stocks, please visit here Quantitative Fair Value Estimate represents Morningstar’s estimate of the per share dollar amount that a company’s equity is worth today. The Quantitative Fair Value Estimate is based on a statistical model derived from the Fair Value Estimate Morningstar’s equity analysts assign to companies which includes a financial forecast of the company. The Quantitative Fair Value Estimate is calculated daily. It is a projection/opinion and not a statement of fact. Investments in securities are subject to market and other risks. Past performance of a security may or may not be sustained in future and is no indication of future performance. For detail information about the Quantiative Fair Value Estimate, please visit here
Will Amherst embrace Metro rail extension this time? - The Buffalo News State Sections Home Local News Sports NCAA Basketball Bills Sabres Colleges High Schools High Schools Scoreboard Bandits Bisons and Baseball Bucky and Sully Soccer Outdoors WNY Auto Racing Bills Sabres Sabres 2016-17 season Gusto Food and Drink Music Festivals Theater Family Movies Comedy Art Dance Deaths Death Notices Obituaries Submit Obituary Last 24 Hours E-edition Business Crime Editorials Education Events Calendar Submit Event Photo Galleries Politics PolitiFact New York TV and Media Weather Forecast Weddings Submit Announcement Submit Golden Anniversary WNY History [BN] Ads Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars Special Sections Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds Contests Communities Erie County Amherst Buffalo Hamburg Lancaster Town of Tonawanda Niagara County Health and Fitness Lifestyles Books Fashion Gardening Home and Style NeXt Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Adam Zyglis State Search Sign In Subscribe Manage Account Logout Will Amherst embrace Metro rail extension this time? Nathan Atkins reads a book during his commute on a Metro rail train in Buffalo. (Mark Mulville/Buffalo News) By Stephen T. Watson Published Mon, Apr 24, 2017 SHARE TWEET EMAIL Plans to expand the Metro rail from the University at Buffalo South Campus in Buffalo to the North Campus in Amherst ran aground in the 1980s and 1990s in the face of stiff community opposition and a lack of funding. Residents and officials who didn't support bringing the Metro rail into Amherst back then say they didn't want construction tearing up their neighborhoods and they doubted the extension's value. There was a perception then that the expanded line would bring crime from Buffalo to the suburbs, but residents today deny anti-city or racist views played a role in their opposition. "It wasn’t discrimination, as much as ruining the neighborhood," said Ray Wedekindt, 74, the semi-retired former owner of the Harry A. Wedekindt Funeral Home in Eggertsville, who was involved in anti-expansion efforts. Now, for the first time in several decades, government officials are again pushing to extend the region's Metro rail system from Buffalo into Amherst. Some critics remain, but the organized opposition that sank the Metro expansion plans a generation ago hasn't developed. In fact, in another dramatic change, some business owners and community leaders are enthusiastically embracing the idea. "It's something that has to happen. It's just a matter of when will it happen?" said Eric Balsom, the sales manager at Kenny Carpets, who favors putting a Metro rail station near his family's Sheridan Drive location to boost its name recognition. Plan for Metro Rail extension to Amherst coming into focus Starting about seven years ago, the Niagara Frontier Transportation Authority revived talk of expanding the 6.4-mile Metro rail, and an analysis found the extension connecting downtown Buffalo to UB's Amherst campus made the most sense. Earlier this year, Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo threw his support behind the plan, committing $5 million for an environmental review of the proposal. The NFTA and Empire State Development tout the benefits to the town as more shoppers visit existing businesses and new companies add to the property tax base, all drawn by an expanded Metro rail. Some skeptics question those projections. And it's not clear where all of the $1.2 billion estimated cost of the project would come from. Still, Metro rail expansion is as close as ever to getting the green light. Why Amherst was opposed   Buffalo Niagara has a 6.4-mile light-rail system that runs in a straight line, entirely within the city limits, because the NFTA ran out of money as it was building the system in the 1970s and '80s. The original plans called for a network that ran from the foot of Main Street downtown all the way to the UB North Campus. But initial cost estimates spiraled higher, and people who lived along the route near Canisius College objected to a proposed elevated rail line, forcing planners to dig a far more expensive tunnel. Tom Naeger talks during his commute on an NFTA Metro rail train in Buffalo. (Mark Mulville/Buffalo News) That raised the cost of the project to $530 million, and forced the NFTA to stop the Metro rail at UB's South Campus. A Citizens Rapid Transit Committee supported extending the line into Amherst, which had an estimated price tag of $366 million at that time. As a counterpoint, a group of Amherst residents started Citizens Against Rapid Transit, which met at a church in the town and had between 150 and 200 members at its peak, said William L. Kindel, a 20-year Town Board member who this year is seeking a return to the board. Kindel also was part of this anti-expansion fight. Town residents were worried about having a Metro station built near them, he said. "Would you want that in front of your house?" Kindel asked. But he said he never heard residents make disparaging comments about Metro rail riders. "It was never a racial thing," Kindel said. "We never thought of that." However, Barb Abel, treasurer of the Eggertsville Community Organization, who has worked on Bailey Avenue in the neighborhood for 35 years, said she does remember the concerns Amherst residents had over city riders taking the Metro into the town. "Oh, definitely, big time. But now, with Walmart, we're getting them anyway on the buses," said Abel, referring to the Walmart Supercenter at 3290 Sheridan Drive that opened in 2011. She said fears that a Metro expansion would drive up crime in the 1980s have been realized with the opening of the big-box retailer. "Issues with robberies and car break-ins and whatever at the Walmart," Abel said. Attitudes have changed So why is the expansion coming back to life now? NFTA officials revived the idea in 2011, saying rising gas prices at the time made wider use of light rail more attractive by comparison. The agency settled on a rail-only Amherst extension as the most likely to win federal funding under the scoring system used by the federal government. The agency and public transportation advocates saw it as the best chance to link the North Campus to the South Campus and – more importantly – to the burgeoning Buffalo Niagara Medical Campus downtown. "In terms of both the quality of life for in excess of 20,000 students and faculty and others who are on that somewhat isolated campus and connecting them to the urban core, which right now is thriving more than it ever has in a generation or two, in the governor's mind made enormous sense," said Sam Hoyt, regional president of Empire State Development. And attitudes have changed since 15 or 20 years ago, when opponents of Metro rail expansion "inundated" the Amherst Chamber of Commerce with phone calls and letters, said Colleen C. DiPirro, the chamber's president and CEO. This time around, DiPirro said, "I've not gotten one negative phone call or outreach about the NFTA extension." The proposed Amherst extension would leave the University Station at UB's South Campus and run underneath the campus and a portion of the Eggertsville neighborhood, primarily along Bailey Avenue. The rail line would move above ground somewhere near the former Northtown Plaza, and then head north on Niagara Falls Boulevard toward Maple Road. It would take a right turn and head east on Maple before taking Sweet Home Road into the UB campus. The rail line would run through the heart of the campus before following John James Audubon Parkway past the campus and out to the Lockport Expressway, where the agency would build a park-and-ride station. Preliminary plans include 11 stations along the route, most on the UB North Campus, with another at the corner of Maple and Niagara Falls Boulevard near the Boulevard Mall. Advocates say the stations would spur development. "The benefits obviously would be, in the short term and long term, the jobs and the development that takes place with these projects," said Jibreel Riley, an Eggertsville resident who started the Twitter account @AmherstMetro. "Unlike in the past, where you would have put something like this in Amherst, and you'd have seen a series of parking lots near the stations. Now you see transit-oriented development." Will anyone ride it?  Some people who live along the proposed route express mixed feelings about it. In Eggertsville, where the NFTA has held a number of meetings with residents, concerns abound over the disruptive effects of construction and Metro stations, wherever they are built. They still are urging the agency to run the line entirely along Niagara Falls Boulevard from the South Campus to Maple Road. However, some neighbors say they are more open to the idea of a Metro rail extension because they know the technology for building tunnels has advanced from the traditional cut-and-cover method. That doesn't mean Stephen W. Matisz Jr., the president of the Eggertsville residents' group, thinks people who live in Eggertsville will actually use the Metro rail. "Are you going to take it to Wegmans? I don't know," said Matisz, who works as a supervising fire dispatcher for Town of Amherst. "How do you take your groceries home?" "It's something that has to happen. It's just a matter of when will it happen?" said Eric Balsom, sales manager at Kenny Carpets, who favors putting a Metro rail station near his family's Sheridan Drive location. (Mark Mulville/Buffalo News) Some owners and managers of small businesses along the proposed Metro route see its potential. Balsom is a member of the third generation of the family that has owned Kenny Carpets, which has three locations including the one on Sheridan Drive. He said older residents may not support the extended rail line, but younger people who seek alternatives to driving, such as ride-hailing, would. Scott Henderson is the assistant manager of the Amherst Feel-Rite Fresh Markets, one of five locations in the locally owned chain that sells herbs, vitamins, natural foods and organic produce. He said the UB students who work in and shop at the store would benefit from the new line, even if he questions whether it makes financial sense to build the extension. "Obviously the students are going to be the bread and butter. And is that going to be enough?" Henderson said. "I think most people who have been in Buffalo for any length of time just drive down to the city." People who regularly commute on the Metro rail welcomed the proposed expansion. Tom Naeger, an IT specialist for a downtown law firm, was riding the Metro inbound on a recent weekday morning. The Town of Tonawanda resident said he takes the train five days a week, leaving his car at either the University or LaSalle Park-N-Ride stations, and getting off at Fountain Plaza. He said the Metro saves him maybe $10 or $15 per month in gas and parking. He said he wouldn't mind being able to drive to a station that's even closer to his home if the extension is built. "That would be nice for me," Naeger said. Who will pay for expansion?  Whether the Metro rail comes to pass, of course, once again will come down to money: How much will it cost and who will pay for it? President Trump's proposed budget contains no provision for the Federal Transit Administration’s “New Starts” program, and that presents a serious setback to the region's effort to obtain federal funding for the Amherst extension, Sen. Charles E. Schumer announced in March. The governor's office projects the extension would cost $1.2 billion, with the federal government contributing $600 million and the state and local governments picking up the other half of the cost. The state projects developers would build 8.4 million square feet of commercial and residential space directly linked to the Metro rail expansion with an assessed value of $1.7 billion, while existing properties would see their assessed values rise by $310 million. Together, Buffalo and Amherst would collect $61.5 million in additional property tax revenue annually if the rail extension is built, according to the state. The retail development tied to the project would generate millions more in sales tax revenue, as well, the governor's office predicts. But not everyone is convinced. "You're talking about increased assessed value all along the transit stops and asking Amherst for a contribution of the increased assessed value from their train system," said Amherst Supervisor Barry A. Weinstein. "And I just said you have to be very wary of this because it didn't materialize in Buffalo. I'm skeptical." A rendering of plans for the Metro Rail station at the University at Buffalo's North Campus in Amherst, part of the proposal to add 6.5 miles to the line, for a total of just under 13 miles. Click here to see the comments. Add yours now! Recent Stories Around the web Quick Links Contact Us Privacy Policy Sitemap FAQ Contests Manage Subscription Advertise with Us Newsletters AM Top Stories PM Top Stories Business Sports Gusto Breaking News Death Notices Sign Up Our Websites Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars [BN] Ads Special Sections Buffalo Deals Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds © 1999 - 2017 - The Buffalo News copyright-protected material
CLOSE Politics Religion Sports Voting Laws Culture Health Immigration Technology Economy Education Energy Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Insider K Street Lifestyle Opinion Politics Religion Sports Voting Laws Culture Health Immigration Technology Economy Education Energy Home Education Walmart $1 million Grant to CBCF Supports Interns Policy Education Walmart $1 million Grant to CBCF Supports Interns By Kenneth Mallory - 10:00pm October 26, 2011 1233 18 SHARE Facebook Twitter Walmart’s recent $1 million grant to the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation is an injection of sorely needed funding to support the organizations’ highly coveted Emerging Leaders Internship program. A Walmart official stated the company was “honored” to partner with the CBCF. “Diversity is core to Walmart’s success and we are always honored to partner with organizations that share our commitment to helping minority students succeed in life. The congressional internship program is a wonderful example of an initiative for African-American students that works,” said Kimberly Woodard, Walmart’s director of federal government relations and CBCF board member, in a statement. “The program’s success over the last six years has raised the bar for congressional internships and we commend the CBCF for its commitment to promoting diversity on the Hill.” According to information provided by the CBCF, Walmart has provided $2 million to support the program since 2006. Traci L. Hughes, Communications Director for the CBCF, told Politic365 in a phone interview that Walmart’s monetary support was “invaluable.” “More than 80 of our students have benefited from the internship program and clearly the training and exposure they have received served them well,” said Hughes. “Many of them have gone on to work on Capitol Hill. They’re currently earning law degrees, MBAs, and have even started their own companies.” The internship program spans a semester and CBCF says the program “… prepares participating students for careers in public service or the private sector.  As a result of Walmart’s funding, interns also receive a stipend and housing during their internships.” According to the CBCF, Walmart’s funding will also help sponsor its Semester in Washington internship program, a project formed through a partnership with the George Washington University. Former CBCF intern and Hampton University graduate Darien E. Nolin — now a financial analyst for a federal agency and MBA candidate at the Johns Hopkins University — spoke to Politic365 about the value of the CBCF’s internship programs. Nolin said that his CBCF internship afforded him an opportunity to develop more professional relationships with other interns and those working in Congress as he benefited from “… the amount of exposure that it brought and the amount of confidence it gave [him] to pursue other things.” And it appears that Nolin is among CBCF intern alums making remarkable educational and professional strides. “When you look at today’s economy and see what our former interns are doing and where they are working, it affirms the quality and reputation of our program as the best training ground for college students interested in public and civic service,” said Muriel Cooper, CBCF Senior Media Manager, in an email to Politic365. CBCF provided the following list of the CBCF’s Class of 2009 Walmart Emerging Leaders and the different educational and professional endeavors they are currently engaged in: Keith Benjamin: Legislative Associate for the Transport Workers Union of America, AFL-CIO and co-Chair of The Young & Powerful Group DC Chapter. Dshawna Bernard: Co-President of CoverME TTT designed to assist children in low income communities throughout the nation. Former protocol consular officer with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Trinidad and Tobago’s foreign service. Ayianna A. Kennerly: Field and Constituent Services Representative for Senator Al Franken (D-MN) Cedric Haynes: 2nd year, full scholarship law student at Mississippi College School of Law, Frederick Douglass Moot Court competitor, and at Morgan & Morgan as a law clerk. Niara Phillips: Homeland Security analyst with Booz Allen Hamilton Danielle Bowers: Research Analyst for Rep. Ronald Waters, Chairman of the Pennsylvania Legislative Black Caucus (PLBC). Also a 2nd year graduate student in the MPA program at Penn State University. Carlissia Graham: Scheduler to Senator Kirsten Gillibrand and very involved with sex trafficking organizations in DC, including Courtney’s House. Charlin Caster: Contractor/Consultant for a government agency working on labor and economic publications, including researching marketing efforts to deliver career information to Hispanic communities and corresponding with incarcerated persons seeking career and re-entry information. Delvin Champagne: Occupational Therapist, also just elected as the DC Representative to the American Occupational Therapy Association. LaShaunta Williams: Independent Research Assistant for Dr. Patrick Wolf, Endowed Chair of School Choice at the University of Arkansas. Brice Sikuade: Special Projects/Events Director, Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton, D-District of Columbia TAGS $1 million African-American award Congressional Black Caucus Foundation emerging leaders Experience Exposure grant HBCUs internship policy Students Walmart SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleIs Spectrum Really Important to Hispanics? Next articleMexico Saves the NBA Kenneth Mallory Kenneth Mallory, a political correspondent for Politic365, is an award-winning journalist and attorney who has free-lanced for several publications, in addition to serving as a general assignment reporter for the Washington Afro-American Newspaper. He earned his B.A. magna cum laude from University of Maryland, Baltimore County, in addition to his J.D. from Northwestern University School of Law. RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Education Text of Executive Order on #HBCUS Signed by President Trump on February 28 Education Rep. Alma Adams’ HBCU Capital Financing Bill Passes House Education Report: Increases in Spending on Corrections Far Outpace Education 18 COMMENTS Walmart Community » Blog Archive » Walmart $1 Million Grant to CBCF Supports Interns 4:51pm October 28, 2011 at 4:51 pm […] Read more at Politic365 […] Reply 名牌汇，博客，幽默，恐怖，故事，惊悚， 5:05pm November 9, 2011 at 5:05 pm I like the valuable information you provide on your articles. I?ll bookmark your blog and take a look at once more here regularly. I am quite certain I?ll be informed plenty of new stuff proper right here! Good luck for the next! Reply keotitmakara 1:06am January 30, 2016 at 1:06 am Nice article Reply Mark SaKa 6:35am March 6, 2016 at 6:35 am let me know about your facebook page if you had it. Reply Rich Phal 6:36am March 6, 2016 at 6:36 am what is your twitter’s name? Reply Da Mo 12:04pm April 1, 2016 at 12:04 pm let me know your facebook page? Reply SVann 11:19am May 9, 2016 at 11:19 am Well said. I love Walmart anyway because it’s also 1 of the best online some among Amazon, Ebay, Alibaba, Aliexpress, etc. Reply Maurice 7:08am September 7, 2016 at 7:08 am Great job walmart! Reply leng koechenda 12:24pm October 26, 2016 at 12:24 pm I love Walmart but 1 million just little for them Reply Solida 12:02pm November 28, 2016 at 12:02 pm Great article and Thanks for sharing:) Reply Eva Mali 12:43am December 2, 2016 at 12:43 am So interesting article, good site! Thanks for share Reply Mark 6:56am January 12, 2017 at 6:56 am Walmart is kind of generous to help CBCF’s internship programs. And I really appreciate that. It gives the African-American students the opportunities to gain more experiences, develop their capacity and strengthen the confidence for their next careers. I hope it will continue to contribute to such a program. Reply Daniel 2:43am March 1, 2017 at 2:43 am You got very interesting content here , really appreciate thanks for you article , Thanks for sharing !!!!! Reply Jen Hoo 9:11am March 4, 2017 at 9:11 am Nice blog, really interesting. thank for sharing Reply jennifer juna 12:45pm March 15, 2017 at 12:45 pm Well done! Nice post! you have done a great job. Hoping, that you will continue doing like this some day for a next time. Thanks a lot!. Reply Melody Josten 3:57am March 29, 2017 at 3:57 am I have read your article, it is very great article. Thanks for sharing this with us. Reply Jhon Tom 9:05am April 18, 2017 at 9:05 am I love Walmart and i am sure Walmart’s success always Reply Monerath 10:19pm April 23, 2017 at 10:19 pm I must say you have very interesting content here. Reply LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Editors Picks ‘Bless me, Ultima’ movie hits theaters in February Sara Inés Calderón - 8:08pm December 26, 2012 Black Caucus Members: We Will Not Ignore Poor Treatment of Haiti’s Displaced Bill Edmonds - 6:00pm May 31, 2011 NUL Study Paints Grim Picture of Long-Term Unemployment Bill Edmonds - 3:30pm June 17, 2011 National Urban League and NAACP Presidents Meet With President Obama Marc Morial - 4:00pm July 27, 2011 Politic365 is an opinion and policy blog focused on communities of color. We create a positive media outlet for the empowerment and enrichment of our elected officials and community leaders, provide a venue for the exploration of issues important to our communities and address political and policy about the economy, healthcare, technology, energy and a variety of social and cultural issues, all from the diverse perspective of people of color. Contact us: info@politic365.com EVEN MORE NEWS Underdogs Prevail at FCC Incentive Auction 12:52pm April 18, 2017 The Surprising Environmental Hazard Lurking In Your Home 11:06am April 17, 2017 Game Over? Race for Virginia Lt. Gov. Features Candidate with $95,000... 10:48am April 17, 2017 POPULAR CATEGORY Headline2245 Politics1997 National1949 News1259 Culture1026 Policy661 © Copyright 2015 - Newsmag by TagDiv Home Editorial Staff Join Our Mailing List Contact
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias @NCCapitol Compromise could address concerns over class size law Local News No charges filed in fiery I-40 crash that killed 11-year-old Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip WRAL on Apple TV, Roku & Fire TV Now Streaming › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Heavy rain hangs around overnight; flood warning issued for Wake, Durham, Johnston counties Sponsor Weather Make your home safer in wicked weather DUALDoppler5000 WRAL on Apple TV, Roku & Fire TV Now Streaming › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell Ken Medlin NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Our Take Tudor: 49ers may opt to rebuild around Trubisky North Carolina UNC's Berry, Bradley, Pinson all enter NBA Draft without agents Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Win Tickets to Poison, Extreme & Jackyl Our Take Tudor: Early football signing period could be on the way Holliday: NCAA tournament gets the best refs, but what about chemistry? Manuel: UNC, NC State baseball rivalry returns to Chapel Hill Learn how to cut your grocery bill in half on May 11 Click here for tickets › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business GM appeal of ignition switch ruling rejected by high court Business Wegman's supermarket to anchor Cary's version of North Hills Sponsor Changing economy IBM confirms new layoffs as part of a talent 'remix' WRAL's 'State of Inequality' looks at economic differences across NC Learn how to cut your grocery bill in half on May 11 Click here for tickets › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons DRAUGHON DRAWS: Real 'cap' for N.C. class size Editorial: Running our state into the ground Editorial: How the 'family values legislature' is destroying families You don’t need the newspaper to get your Sunday Circulars Click & Save for Instant Savings › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings National News Tech tips: Go green and save money on Earth Day Business Holiday Inn parent company reports widespread information breach Business Before you invest in a startup, here's what you need to know 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel 5 On Your Side Dispose of old medications properly to reduce risk of accidental overdoses Lifestyles Serious Victorian-era disease making a comeback Sponsor Best of spring Day trips from Raleigh Find egg hunts, bunny visits Farmers Market guide Flu season Five new flu deaths reported in NC; season total now at 136 Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About Duke offering Moogfest photo documentary course Entertainment Officials: 'Happy Days' star Moran likely died from cancer Sponsor Holiday Guide Weekend best bets Family fun Shop local Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Health Team Woman says Fitbit exploded, caused 2nd degree burns @NCCapitol Heavy rain causes flooding concerns Live Video Schedule 4:30a WRAL Morning News 10a House panel looks at breaking up school districts Noon Immigration-related lawsuits before House panel 7p 2017 WRAL TechWire Awards Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › 59° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 59° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather 68 NC counties and 1 VA county are under alert, including Wake, Durham, Johnston, Orange, and Wayne counties. Details Published: 2017-04-23 13:04:00 Updated: 2017-04-23 21:06:00 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Steak 'N Shake gift card deal Tags: Freebies Posted 1:04 p.m. Sunday Updated 9:06 p.m. Sunday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/17uIK Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters More on this Steak 'N Shake Offer If you love Steak 'N Shake, this offer is for you. Get 15% cash back when you purchase Steak 'N Shake gift cards from MyGiftCardsPlus, which is a site that gives you cash back when you buy gift cards to your favorite retailers. The cash back is paid in the form of SB points on Swagbucks, which you can turn into free gift cards to places like Amazon, Walmart, Target, Starbucks, PayPal and many more. You can take advantage of this deal by clicking HERE and if you don't already have a Swagbucks account, you can create one there so you get your SB points for your purchase! See below for a new member sign-up bonus code. This is a limited time offer that's good through this April 30th or until supplies run out, whichever happens first! See all the details at Swagbucks HERE. New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Just this week, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. This post contains affiliate links and I appreciate your using them! Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Custom home sites - thousands less than Wake Cty. Free Credit Score - No Card Required! Myrtle Beach Spring Specials - Save Now Myrtle Beach Spring Deals - Save Up to 40% Garner Appliance & Mattress Spring Sale Apr 21-29 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Brewgaloo 2017 Lifestyles Serious Victorian-era disease making a comeback Business Aviation officer gives his version of United flight removal Local News Manhunt underway for 'armed and dangerous' man in Wayne County Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News American Airlines apologizes after video shows mom in tears Out and About 'Empire' star goes incognito when visiting NC Documentaries Bitty & Beau's Coffee Go Ask Mom Are your kids addicted to fidget spinners? Lifestyles 10 things that could actually give you cancer Out and About Brewgaloo 2017 Venture/Innovation First WRAL TechWire Hall of Famers: Five pillars of NC's tech success Entertainment Steel Panther rocks The Ritz Pets Duke Lemur Center hosts Earth Day open house Business Want to own a town? Tiny Oregon community for sale for $3.5M Entertainment Who are the 100 most influential people in the world? It's 'more complicated' than you think Out and About Chefs talk: What made Durham the 'foodiest city' in the south? Baseball High school rivals play together for former player diagnosed with ALS WRAL TV Helpful tips when planning a trip to the WRAL Azalea Gardens @NCCapitol Bills fly through House as deadline looms Local News Charlotte's people ranked among least attractive in U.S. Out and About Have big plans for Raleigh? Now you can share them Political News Dems say Trump can avert shutdown risk if he relents on wall Opinion Republicans face a quandary in enacting tax cuts without raising deficit Local News Residents asks Durham City Council to buy back, develop abandoned land Local Politics Giant grasshopper allows Clinton to claim presidential library is 'bugged' 5 On Your Side Dispose of old medications properly to reduce risk of accidental overdoses SmartShopper Giveaway: FREE Hungry Howie's Pizzas SmartShopper Domino's gift card giveaway TODAY about 3 pm! @NCCapitol Plastic bags could soon return to OBX stores SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 4/24 SmartShopper Weekly meal plans and Monday menus SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Brewgaloo 2017 Lifestyles Serious Victorian-era disease making a comeback Business Aviation officer gives his version of United flight removal Local News Manhunt underway for 'armed and dangerous' man in Wayne County Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News American Airlines apologizes after video shows mom in tears Out and About 'Empire' star goes incognito when visiting NC Documentaries Bitty & Beau's Coffee Go Ask Mom Are your kids addicted to fidget spinners? Lifestyles 10 things that could actually give you cancer Out and About Brewgaloo 2017 Venture/Innovation First WRAL TechWire Hall of Famers: Five pillars of NC's tech success Entertainment Steel Panther rocks The Ritz Pets Duke Lemur Center hosts Earth Day open house Business Want to own a town? Tiny Oregon community for sale for $3.5M Entertainment Who are the 100 most influential people in the world? It's 'more complicated' than you think Out and About Chefs talk: What made Durham the 'foodiest city' in the south? Baseball High school rivals play together for former player diagnosed with ALS WRAL TV Helpful tips when planning a trip to the WRAL Azalea Gardens @NCCapitol Bills fly through House as deadline looms Local News Charlotte's people ranked among least attractive in U.S. Out and About Have big plans for Raleigh? Now you can share them Political News Dems say Trump can avert shutdown risk if he relents on wall Opinion Republicans face a quandary in enacting tax cuts without raising deficit Local News Residents asks Durham City Council to buy back, develop abandoned land Local Politics Giant grasshopper allows Clinton to claim presidential library is 'bugged' 5 On Your Side Dispose of old medications properly to reduce risk of accidental overdoses SmartShopper Giveaway: FREE Hungry Howie's Pizzas SmartShopper Domino's gift card giveaway TODAY about 3 pm! @NCCapitol Plastic bags could soon return to OBX stores SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 4/24 SmartShopper Weekly meal plans and Monday menus WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising CBC Digital Elements Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
About Contact Contests News Staff Sundance Live SXSW 2010 Film Festival Live Coverage Twitter Feed WAMG Text Service Review Contests About Podcasts News Staff Contact DVD BEACHES Starring Nia Long and Idina Menzel Arrives on DVD May 9th By Tom Stockman | April 23, 2017 Share Tweet Share Share 0 comments Tweet Email Tweet Email Idina Menzel and Nia Long star in the powerful story of lifelong friendship in an all-new remake of the classic movie when BEACHES arrives on DVD at Walmart on May 9 from Lionsgate. Relive the powerful story of lifelong friendship in an all-new remake of the classic movie when Beaches arrives on DVD at Walmart on May 9 from Lionsgate. Tony Award® winner Idina Menzel and NAACP Image Award Winner Nia Long star as two very different women who share an unexpected friendship that, even with its ups and downs, lasts for decades. This new version of the 1988 film includes performances by Menzel of iconic songs from the original movie such as “Wind Beneath My Wings” and “The Glory of Love,” in addition to Menzel’s new original song, “Last Time.” The Beaches DVD will be available at Walmart for the suggested retail price of $14.98. OFFICIAL SYNOPSIS In this contemporary remake, Beaches follows the serendipitous meeting of two young girls on the Venice Beach Boardwalk, who, though worlds apart in lifestyle, embark on an unexpected and lifelong friendship. CC (Idina Menzel) is an aspiring singer trying to make it in Los Angeles when she is discovered by a director who gives her her first big shot. Hillary (Nia Long), the daughter of a prominent civil rights lawyer, struggles to find her own destiny. Their friendship — even with its ups and downs — sustains them for decades. Gabriella Pizzolo, Grace Capeless, Jodi Capeless, Sanai Victoria, and Antonio Cupo costar. CAST Idina Menzel                          Frozen, Enchanted, Rent Nia Long                                The Best Man Holiday, Big Momma’s House, Friday Related ItemsBeachesIdina MenzelNia Long Tom Stockman ← Previous Story Steven Spielberg, Jordan Peele, Will Packer, Jason Blum Help Universal CityWalk Inaugurate Universal Cinema Next Story → CARRIE (1976) Midnights This Weekend at The Moolah You may also like... Watch The New Trailer For Chris Buck’s And Jennifer Lee’s FROZEN FEVER Head Back To Arendelle in New FROZEN FEVER Photos & Featurette ABC To Air “The Story of Frozen: Making a Disney Animated Classic” Tuesday, Sept 2 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. About Contact Contests News Staff Sundance Live SXSW 2010 Film Festival Live Coverage Twitter Feed WAMG Text Service WeAreMovieGeeks is a Movie News & Reviews resource Copyright © 2013 Lanier Media Latest News SUNSET BOULEVARD Screens April 26th at The Tivoli – ‘Classics in the Loop’ ORANGE IS THE NEW BLACK: SEASON 4 – Arriving on Blu-ray, DVD, and Digital HD May 9th WAMG Giveaway – Win A DOG’S PURPOSE Blu-ray WAMG Giveaway – Win THE SHADOW EFFECT DVD This Week’s WAMG Podcast – THE PROMISE, UNFORGETTABLE, PHOENIX FORGOTTEN, and More! Disconnect HAL Midnights at The Tivoli this Weekend – 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY Tags Review paramount pictures Warner Bros. Pictures Film festival SLIFF 20th Century Fox marvel Comedy Johnny Depp Documentary Universal Pictures brad pitt disney Trailer Horror The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences Steven Spielberg Oscars michael bay saint louis Robert Downey Jr. Seth Rogen Samuel L Jackson mark wahlberg Tom Cruise Hugh Jackman Quentin Tarantino Gary Oldman Scarlett Johansson lionsgate
Dozens of slithery surprises found in Walmart parking lot - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News Amber Alert: Elizabeth Thomas My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Weather Road Show Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Dozens of slithery surprises found in Walmart parking lot 2017-04-25T03:22:15Z2017-04-25T03:33:22Z Posted by Region 8 Newsdesk, Digital BioEmail Connect Biography news@kait8.com Follow @Region8News (Source: Tanya Marie Cole) (Source: Dana Thompson) PARAGOULD, AR (KAIT) - Grocery baskets and cars were not the only things found outside of the Paragould Walmart, 2802 West Kingshighway, after someone left possibly 40 snakes in the parking lot. According to Detective Jack Hailey with the Paragould Police Department, they received the call about the snakes Sunday night. “At first, they were saying the snakes were copperheads and water moccasins,” said Hailey. “But, after we got one of our officers who is apparently some sort of snake whisperer, we learned that they were non-venomous garden snakes.” Hailey said it appeared that someone had captured the snakes and just dumped them in a pile. “They were either herding the snakes when they were frog gigging or something,” said Hailey. “Either way, they were collecting them for this reason and I don’t think that was the best thing to do at all. Especially, those out there with a phobia.” Hailey said though no one was reported injured in the incident, it could have been a different story. Poisonous or not, it is dangerous when you put snakes in a busy area,” said Hailey. “It could cause a panic with people trying to get away. According to an incident report, no reportable criminal offenses are going to happen, but Hailey said if someone does get caught committing a ‘bad joke’ such as this, charges could definitely vary. “At the minimum, you could look at disorderly conduct of causing alarm to a public place, but if you look at the bigger picture, is someone was trying to get away from them and got hurt in any sort of way, those charges could easily increase,” said Hailey. “Your actions resulted in someone getting hurt and we don’t want that at all.” Hailey said he hopes this is the last time they have to deal with something like this. “If you like to play with snakes, keep them in their natural habitats where they belong,” said Hailey. “ it is not anything funny. It is not cute. It is going to get somebody hurt and could potentially get someone seriously hurt.” Copyright 2017 KAIT. All rights reserved. Watch Region 8 News On Demand: On your Desktop | On your Mobile device Region 8 News App - Install or update on your: iPhone | Android News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> College of Art students help decorate Methodist Hospital expansion College of Art students help decorate Methodist Hospital expansion Updated: Monday, April 24 2017 11:13 PM EDT2017-04-25 03:13:09 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) The Memphis College of Art students helped decorate the construction site at Methodist University Hospital. More >> The Memphis College of Art students helped decorate the construction site at Methodist University Hospital.More >> Additional safety measures put in place following college student's death Additional safety measures put in place following college student's death Updated: Monday, April 24 2017 11:06 PM EDT2017-04-25 03:06:21 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) Memphis is fast-tracking plans to improve safety just days after a Memphis College of Art student was killed crossing the street. More >> Memphis is fast-tracking plans to improve safety just days after a Memphis College of Art student was killed crossing the street. More >> Family Dollar clerk robbed, shot Family Dollar clerk robbed, shot Updated: Monday, April 24 2017 11:00 PM EDT2017-04-25 03:00:29 GMT Memphis police are searching for the two men responsible for robbing a Family Dollar and shooting an individual. More >> Memphis police are searching for the two men responsible for robbing a Family Dollar and shooting an individual. More >> Man killed in shootout at motel Man killed in shootout at motel Updated: Monday, April 24 2017 10:39 PM EDT2017-04-25 02:39:33 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5)  A man was killed Monday night during a shootout at a Memphis motel. More >>  A man was killed Monday night during a shootout at a Memphis motel. More >> Central High School English teacher arrested for hitting girlfriend Central High School English teacher arrested for hitting girlfriend Updated: Monday, April 24 2017 10:18 PM EDT2017-04-25 02:18:12 GMT Central High School (Source: Google Maps) A Shelby County Schools employee is on administrative leave after being arrested over the weekend.More >> A Shelby County Schools employee is on administrative leave after being arrested over the weekend.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscribe Manage My Account PB Inner Circle Sign up for Morning Mail e-Edition Advertise Today's Sales Inserts About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Log In News Local News Columns Minnesota Nation World History Webcams Newsroom Directory Submit a News Tip Sports High School Sports Local Sports P-B Playbook Minnesota Sports National Sports Outdoors Life Lifestyles Food Wellness Travel Entertainment Celebrations Kid Scoop Opinion Our Views Letters Columnists Cartoons Obituaries Death Notices Submit Information Events Magazines 507 Magazine At Home Magazine Radish Magazine Rochester Magazine Business Directory AgriNews Blogs Furst Draft Kiger's Notebook Jobs Find a job Post a job Recruitment Advertising Buy & Sell Classifieds Autos Homes Local Circulars Deals 57° Clear Toggle navigation Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Manage My Account PB Inner Circle Sign up for Morning Mail e-Edition Advertise Today's Sales Inserts About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Log In News Local News Crime and Courts Education Business Politics Elections Destination Medical Center Columns Answer Man Heard on the Street Minnesota Nation World History Webcams Newsroom Directory Submit a News Tip Sports High School Sports Century Panthers John Marshall Rockets Lourdes Eagles Mayo Spartans Local Sports P-B Playbook Minnesota Sports National Sports Outdoors Life Lifestyles Food Wellness Travel Entertainment 507 Magazine Sudoku TV listings Total TV Celebrations Kid Scoop Opinion Our Views Letters Submit a Letter Commentary Guidelines Columnists Cartoons Obituaries Death Notices Submit Information Events Magazines 507 Magazine At Home Magazine Radish Magazine Rochester Magazine Business Directory AgriNews Blogs Furst Draft Kiger's Notebook Jobs Find a job Post a job Recruitment Advertising Buy & Sell Classifieds Marketplace Community Housing Personals Sale Service Vehicle Place your ad Autos Homes Brokers Builders Agents Open Houses Real Estate Classifieds Advertise Local Circulars Hy-Vee Deals 57° Rochester, MN (55903) Today Rain showers in the morning will evolve into a more steady rain in the afternoon. Thunder possible. High 62F. Winds SSE at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 80%.. Tonight Steady light rain in the evening. Showers continuing late. Low near 45F. Winds NE at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 70%. Updated: April 25, 2017 @ 12:54 am Full Forecast top right promo - flex2 Home News Local News Close 1 of 2 Andrew Link / alink@postbulletin.com Riders exit park-and-ride buses Friday, April 21, 2017, at the IBM campus in Rochester. Andrew Link / alink@postbulletin.com Riders exit park-and-ride bus Friday, April 21, 2017, at the IBM campus in Rochester. editor's pick How many more are ready to ride? Randy Petersen, rpetersen@postbulletin.com Apr 24, 2017 Updated 2 hrs ago (…) Andrew Link / alink@postbulletin.com Riders exit park-and-ride buses Friday, April 21, 2017, at the IBM campus in Rochester. Andrew Link / alink@postbulletin.com Riders exit park-and-ride bus Friday, April 21, 2017, at the IBM campus in Rochester. Kim Bjugan doesn't know what she'd do without the bus that stops near the Paragon Chateau Theatre every half hour between 6 and 8:30 a.m. The Plainview resident was using the city's park-and-ride service at WalMart North, but when the retailer pulled the plug she switched to the site near the northeast movie theater, which offers 160 dedicated space, but on Thursday the lot at 3450 East Circle Drive Northeast contained more than 200 cars by 8 a.m. Stuart Geltman, senior transit planner with Aecom, the consultant hired to develop the city's latest five-year transit plan, said overcrowding is likely to continue. "As Mayo Clinic continues to grow — and associated downtown employers grow — the demand for park-and-ride systems are going to continue to grow," he said. Rochester contracts for 1,297 spaces spread throughout five lots, and the city and Olmsted County recently inked a deal to add another 138 spots at Graham Park in July. The spaces allow commuters a chance to park at no cost and use a bus pass to get downtown. Using a count from January last year, Geltman noted the city's five contract lots were filled to 101 percent capacity. The Chateau Theatre lot topped the list at 155 percent capacity, with 248 vehicles parking in a lot contracted for 160. The city is eyeing another 125 spaces for a park-and-ride stop at Bethel Lutheran Church, 810 Third Ave. SE, but the proposed contract was put on hold earlier this month when Rochester City Council member Mark Bilderback cited concerns voiced by neighbors. Bethel concerns Bilderback and city staff met with neighbors from the Slatterly Park and Sunnyside neighborhoods Tuesday to discuss the concerns and look at options. Ahmed Makkawy, a member of the Slatterly Park Neighborhood Association board, said two issues have been raised — worry that overflow parking will crowd neighborhood streets and that morning and afternoon traffic congestion will worsen where Third Avenue Southeast meets Ninth Street at the south side of the parking lot. "I see people cutting through the church parking lot to avoid Ninth Street," he said. Additionally, nearby neighbors envision the lot attracting more than 125 vehicles since it will be the closest park-and-ride location to Rochester's downtown. The direct service could lure people to fill streets Makkawy said are already considered tight. Bilderback said on-street parking could be handled by requiring permits, which has been a solution in a growing number of blocks surrounding Mayo Clinic facilities. Traffic concerns, on the other hand, he said will need to be studied. DMC discussion While the Bethel site would be the only park-and-ride location next to a residential neighborhood, discussions of enhancing parking opportunities in the general vicinity have been frequent since discussions of Destination Medical Center started. Last week, members of the DMC Corp. board met with transportation planners to discuss options, which could include constructing ramps on the edge of the DMC footprint to encourage commuters to use public transit to finish their daily journeys. R.T. Rybak, a DMCC board member, cited the challenge and pointed to the importance of making the final section of the commute as pleasant as possible, which requires predictable schedules. "The main thing we're trying to do is get people to do things that are illogical," he said, noting the logical choice would appear to be taking a car from door to door. To some extent, Mayo Clinic already encourages the use of parking alternatives that by limiting options for employees and providing bus passes for those who use the city's park-and-ride services. With two and a half years as a clinic employee, Bjugan said she's not sure what her options would be, and she said downtown parking privileges aren't provided until people are deep in their careers. System growth Nick Lemmer said that's why the city remains in search of new opportunities. The cost of providing the spaces varies for the city. In it's new contract with the county, the city will pay $17 per space — $2,856 total — each month and will take care of snow and ice removal. The county will provide a credit for days when fairground events prohibit parking for commuters. If approved, the Bethel agreement will be the city's most expensive on a per-space basis — $28 per space — but Lemmer noted the church pays for snow removal and the city fills a growing need. Other spaces have been found at no cost to the city, especially those where commuters get off buses next to stores. "Ideally, we'd like them all to cost nothing," Lemmer said. He said at least one more park-and-ride location is in the works. City staff is working on an agreement with Rochester Community and Technical College, which could be in place this fall. What's your reaction? Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Flex2 - Morning Mail - Horizontal for Articles More Headlines Firefighters ask for funds to help combat cancer risks How many more are ready to ride? Wojcik: No evidence in complaint Boy's Holocaust research ends close to home Learn more about the Super Bowl in Minnesota Hormel Foods announces pollinator garden expansion Study indicates millennial numbers are falling Rochester march supports science, environment Multimedia Photos: Byron Invitational boys golf meet Photos: Dancing for the Arts 2017 Week in Photos: 4-22-17 Photos: Mayo, Lakeville South baseball What do you think? Event Calendar Submit an Event View All Events top right promo - flex2 What do you think? FEATURED ADS Shop Speicals at HyVee Most Viewed Articles Collections Articles Heard on the Street: Powers buys Mayowood barn for $2 million 'It's like it's illegal to be homeless' Area man flees during trial; warrant issued Mike Sherels: Just happy to be alive Triton grad accused of shooting, killing man Union leader: 'Mayo has lost its way' Former PI administrator faces civil suit in Worthington Account started to help Rochester homeless man Widow calls on lawmakers to fix 'death trap' Rosie Belle buildings face demolition Collections Photos: Studs, Struts and Stilettos construction fashion show Photos: Dancing for the Arts 2017 Historical photos: 1965 flood Photos: Groundbreaking at Rochester International Airport Slideshow: Minor league teams Rochester has lost Photos: Rochester March for Science Photos: Lourdes, Lake City baseball Photos: Mayo, Century baseball Photos: Track, Packer Invitational Photos: Mayo, Mankato West boys tennis Today's Paper PostBulletin.com Featured Businesses Hy-Vee Wine & Spirits 507-285-0848 News Sports Life Opinion Multimedia Obituaries Magazines Blogs Weather AgriNews Log In Services About Us Contact Us Newsroom Directory Careers Advertise Subscription Services Purchase Photo Reprints Submission Forms Contact us PostBulletin.com 18 First Ave. S.E. Rochester, MN 55903 Phone: 800-562-1758 or 507-285-7600 Email: webmaster@postbulletin.com © Copyright 2017 Post-Bulletin Company, LLC, 18 First Ave. S.E. Rochester, MN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Macron and Le Pen go to second round of French presidential poll US reopens door to reviving EU trade talks What Emmanuel Macron means for Brexit France faces national fight over global order Trump calls Xi and Abe as North Korea tensions simmer US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies Most Read Refugees evade Trump by fleeing to Canada Silicon Valley ‘superstars’ risk a populist backlash US reopens door to reviving EU trade talks Trump calls Xi and Abe as North Korea tensions simmer Trump plans to slash corporation tax rate to 15% Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read China’s fight with Visa and MasterCard goes global Jimmy Choo put up for sale after losing its fashion cachet Italians probe Emirati for alleged insider trading in UniCredit Albertsons explores bid for high-end grocer Whole Foods Credit Suisse braced for shareholder revolt over executive pay Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Euro and French stocks surge on expectation Macron beats Le Pen Authers Note: mightier than Le Pen Macron poll success buoys markets but Assembly vote also crucial Speculators bullish on Mexican peso for first time since 2015 Euro and global stocks bolstered by French vote Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Refugees evade Trump by fleeing to Canada Silicon Valley ‘superstars’ risk a populist backlash Macron, Le Pen and the limits of nationalism The irresistible rise of Emmanuel Macron French first-round result brings Macron a step closer to coronation Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read My speech was a car crash because I am too confident Fintech lures MBAs away from banking and consulting Sir Paul Marshall, co-founder Marshall Wace, backing Brexit Spectacular failures prime leaders for success How to avoid an Amber Rudd hashtag howler Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read How the Bible Belt lost God and found Trump Pink Sand 2017: an FT guide to the 50 best beach hotels Learn the classics? It’s all Greek to me Aubrey de Grey: scientist who says humans can live for 1,000 years Why Singapore’s kids are so good at maths Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times Whole Foods woes whet rival’s appetite for a deal  Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase aNewspaper + Premium Digitalsubscription for $11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase aPremium Digitalsubscription for $10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase aStandard Digitalsubscription available as Limited Time Offer for $4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase aDigital Trialsubscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend Paper + Premium Digital Weekend App Edition Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services FT Live Share News Tips Securely Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Close Financial Times International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
up next: now reading: 'Buy American, Hire American': Cruel to U.S. Businesses and Workers The Associated Press 'Buy American, Hire American': Cruel to U.S. Businesses and Workers By John Tamny April 25, 2017 The Associated Press X Story Stream recent articles Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Entry: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Whether it’s Wal-Mart, Safeway, CVS, or any other kind of local or national retail chain, the norm nowadays is for customers to swipe loyalty or “customer care” cards during checkout.  Membership is a way for customers to accrue purchasing points, receive e-mail alerts about future buyer discounts, and most often reduced prices on certain goods selected at time of purchase. Why do retailers offer these deals? Are they feeling extra generous, or are they oblivious to profits? Not a chance. Retailers reward their loyalty-card swiping clientele simply because knowledge of the buying habits of their customers is extraordinarily valuable.  If they know what various demographics tend to buy, and better yet how and when they like to buy it, and in what quantities, they can plan inventory with much greater precision.  Lest we forget, inventory is very expensive, which means it’s crucial that retailers know buying habits so that they know best how to clear their shelves as quickly as possible.  Let’s also not forget that buying trends similarly help retailers divine what buyers are losing interest in; the latter equally crucial. And while it’s perhaps an apocryphal story, it’s been said that Target often knows its female customers are pregnant before they do.  All based on what they buy.  All of the above requires mention in consideration of President Donald Trump’s recently reiterated promise to “Buy American, Hire American.” Since the federal government awarded more than $445 billion in contracts in 2014 alone, Trump figures the spending should be directed toward U.S. companies.  Up front, let’s be clear that the feds were able to award $445 billion in contracts only insofar as taxpayers had $445 billion less to spend.  Consumption is always and everywhere an effect of production that always and everywhere takes place in the private sector.  Politicians get to play Santa only to the extent that we taxpayers have less to give away, or spend, or save. Back to President Trump, at first glance even the fiscally conservative might cheer on the idea that if the federal government is going to waste money, at least it should waste it on American companies.  In truth, such a belief is cruel.  It is simply because there’s very little useful information in government spending, but much that will impede company growth.  When it’s someone else’s money, buying is distorted to the point of unrecognizability.  Getting right to the point, government spending blinds businesses to economic and market realities.  When businesses cater to the needs of governments, they’re almost as a rule setting themselves up for a less prosperous future thanks to government waste not transmitting crucial information about the evolving needs of the real marketplace.  A visit to a government office is almost always a visit to the past, and to the technologies of the past.  Governments as a rule have to be conservative (in the non-ideological sense) about what they waste money on, and it’s invariably on what is already known and useful as opposed to what will be known, and what will transform. “Buy American” is cruel because it transmits false, growth-sapping information about what used to be valuable to businesses.  The problem is that investors generally only reward the businesses developing the goods and services that will be valuable in the future.  “Hire American” is also cruel.  Government contracts that Trump would like directed toward American companies that hire American workers are as previously mentioned, blinding.  Government spending is once again not information as much as it’s irrational noise transmitted by prodigals spending the money of others.  Just as it harms businesses by shielding them from market realities, so does it harm American workers.  Trump talks about the “theft of American prosperity,” but his support of that which shields American businesses and workers from the message of the markets reveals Trump as the burglar. Some may respond that government spending often has a forever quality to it such that its recipients don’t require information necessary to adapt, and they have a point.  But their point further underscores just how cruel is the notion of “Buy American, Hire American.” Precisely because government spending sometimes has endless qualities, its recipients aren’t as much required to positively evolve.  When corporations know the federal contract will be there no matter what, there’s reduced pressure to adapt their goods and services to the private marketplace on the way to sales that could eventually eclipse government buying that so often rewards stasis.  It’s probably easier to understand the above through the prism of the worker.  As is well known, governments rarely fire.  But because they don’t, because constant stress and fear of failure are not part of the government employment bargain, neither is the grand success that only comes to those bloodying themselves daily in the proverbial arena.  The U.S. is littered with great successes who failed a lot on the way to major wealth, major prestige, or both.  In that case, “Hire American” amounts to high sounding rhetoric that obscures something much darker.  Those employed thanks to government spending are meanly ensnared by what is relatively easy, and by extension, are paid to pursue a path to average.  This means that American workers who might “benefit” from Trump’s generosity with the money of others will be deprived of an employment path that’s difficult and often defined by periodic failure, but that for just those reasons offers the potential for the greatest advancement alongside personal fulfillment.  The paradoxical truth is that “Hire American” is cruel precisely because the possibility of embarrassing failure is not part of the equation. As for decrees about private businesses hiring the American born over foreigners, sadly even conservative publications like National Review have bought into the latter.  While members of the right would be horrified almost unanimously by governments planning what businesses import in order to create goods and services, some want that same government to plan the accession of easily the most important driver of company growth of all: human capital.  It’s a silly idea, so it’s no surprise that Trump buys into it.  At least rhetorically. Indeed, it’s possible that all the talk from Trump is just that.  One can hope.  “Buy American, Hire American” is war on the American people of the non-shooting kind.  And while Trump is promoting what is mindless with our money, that it’s our money he’s wasting is perhaps the least injurious aspect of his latest policy proposal meant to lure more American companies and more American workers onto Washington’s dole. John Tamny is editor of RealClearMarkets, a Senior Fellow in Economics at Reason Foundation, and a senior economic adviser to Toreador Research and Trading (www.trtadvisors.com). He's the author of Who Needs the Fed? (Encounter Books, 2016), along with Popular Economics(Regnery, 2015).  Related Topics: Buy American, Donald Trump, John Tamny Comment Show commentsHide Comments RCE Log In | Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related Articles Search Stock Quotes Sponsored by Markets delayed 20 minutes. © quotemedia.com More Market Data Commodity Prices Please Enable Javascript for this Oil Price widget to work Sign up for RC newsletters Partner Videos ©2017 RealClearMarkets | Go to full site
Walmart greeter has broken hip after confronting shoplifter - WDRB 41 Louisville News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Politics Slideshows WDRB Traffic Contests TV Schedule Contact Us WDRB Jobs WDRB News Staff WDRB Live Stream Crime Reports BE OUR GUEST In-Depth WDRB Traffic Strange Contests Entertainment WDRB Video Jefferson Awards WDRB Weather Team Radar Weather Blog Watches and Warnings Snow Fox Closings/Text Alerts WDRB Traffic Contests Bozich & Crawford U of L Sports UK Sports IU Sports Kentucky Sports Headlines Indiana Sports Headlines WDRB Sports Team Contests WDRB Traffic Snow Fox Text Alerts Food & Recipes Keith Kaiser Topics and Talkers Guests Bill Lamb's Point of View David Shribman Contests Jefferson Awards Small Business Speakers' Bureau Contests Higher Education, High Finance Popular Topics in Education Contests Speakers' Bureau Contract With Each Other Contests Contract With Advertisers Contract With Viewers Contract With Each Other Viewer Feedback News Tips WDRB News Staff WDRB Sales Staff Speakers' Bureau Walmart greeter has broken hip after confronting shoplifter Posted: Monday, April 24, 2017 6:53 PM EDT Updated: Monday, April 24, 2017 7:10 PM EDT By Stephan Johnson BioEmail Connect Biography sjohnson@wdrb.com Follow @SJohnsonWDRB Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> Officials release cause of death for former child star Erin Moran Officials release cause of death for former child star Erin Moran Updated: Monday, April 24 2017 1:15 PM EDT2017-04-24 17:15:11 GMT Erin Moran was found dead on Saturday in Harrison County; More >> Erin Moran was found dead on Saturday in Harrison County;More >> Man found dead near Jefferson Memorial Forest identified Man found dead near Jefferson Memorial Forest identified Updated: Monday, April 24 2017 4:25 PM EDT2017-04-24 20:25:08 GMT Authorities have identified a Louisville man stabbed in his car last week as 31-year-old Joshua Cambron.More >> Authorities have identified a Louisville man stabbed in his car last week as 31-year-old Joshua Cambron.More >> Walmart greeter has broken hip after confronting shoplifter Walmart greeter has broken hip after confronting shoplifter Updated: Monday, April 24 2017 7:10 PM EDT2017-04-24 23:10:44 GMT It happened at the store on Veterans Parkway in Clarksville, Indiana, in late March when the 75-year-old confronted a man was trying to leave the store with merchandise he didn't pay for More >> It happened at the store on Veterans Parkway in Clarksville, Indiana, in late March when the 75-year-old confronted a man was trying to leave the store with merchandise he didn't pay forMore >> Clarksville man sentenced in death of 3-year-old who suffered horrific abuse Clarksville man sentenced in death of 3-year-old who suffered horrific abuse Updated: Monday, April 24 2017 3:34 PM EDT2017-04-24 19:34:49 GMT A southern Indiana man who pleaded guilty in connection with the death of his girlfriend's 3-year-old daughter has been sentenced to 40 years in prison.  More >> A southern Indiana man who pleaded guilty in connection with the death of his girlfriend's 3-year-old daughter has been sentenced to 40 years in prison. More >> Drive-thru rage: Southern Indiana man facing murder charge for fast food restaurant shooting Drive-thru rage: Southern Indiana man facing murder charge for fast food restaurant shooting Updated: Monday, April 24 2017 4:05 PM EDT2017-04-24 20:05:38 GMT The fight between customers at a late-night drive-thru that ended with gunfire. More >> The fight between customers at a late-night drive-thru that ended with gunfire.More >> Coroner's Office asks for help locating family of Louisville man Coroner's Office asks for help locating family of Louisville man Updated: Monday, April 24 2017 4:59 PM EDT2017-04-24 20:59:26 GMT 51-year-old Zachary Walters is a white man and appears to have been homeless.  More >> 51-year-old Zachary Walters is a white man and appears to have been homeless. More >> Report shows LMPD officer was speeding before crash that left a woman dead Report shows LMPD officer was speeding before crash that left a woman dead Updated: Monday, April 24 2017 9:16 PM EDT2017-04-25 01:16:59 GMT The victim's family says it plans to file a lawsuit against LMPD. More >> The victim's family says it plans to file a lawsuit against LMPD. More >> Legal bills mount as Louisville defends 'Google Fiber' ordinance Legal bills mount as Louisville defends 'Google Fiber' ordinance Updated: Monday, April 24 2017 4:09 PM EDT2017-04-24 20:09:15 GMT An AT&T worker installs new lines for the company's fiber Internet and TV service in October 2016 in Louisville. Louisville Metro taxpayers have spent nearly $165,000 so far on outside lawyers to defend a utility pole ordinance passed more than a year ago at the behest of Google Fiber despite few signs that the super-fast Internet service will be installed here anytime soon. On Tuesday, lawyers for the city and for telecommunications giant AT&T will square off.More >> Louisville Metro taxpayers have spent nearly $165,000 so far on outside lawyers to defend a utility pole ordinance passed more than a year ago at the behest of Google Fiber despite few signs that the super-fast Internet service will be installed here anytime soon. On Tuesday, lawyers for the city and for telecommunications giant AT&T will square off.More >>    CLARKSVILLE, Ind. (WDRB) -- A 75-year-old Walmart greeter has a painful confrontation with a shoplifter. It happened at the store on Veterans Parkway in Clarksville, Indiana, in late March when Patricia Wilson, a greeter at the store, confronted a man was trying to leave the store with merchandise he didn't pay for. "He has a cart full, I mean, large merchandise underneath some bathroom tissue," Wilson said. "So, I went over to him and asked for his receipt." Right now, Wilson is recovering from hip replacement surgery. By phone, she explained what happened next. "He didn't say a word ... he just automatically turned the cart towards me, and I thought he was going to knock me over, so, my instinct was to grab hold," she said. Wilson said the suspect pulled away, and she took a painful fall. "I landed on my hip. I couldn't move, I felt like I was paralyzed," Wilson said. "This happened around 4 in the morning," said Detective Ray Hall, with Clarksville Police. Hall is trying to identify the shoplifter, and said the suspect is facing more than just a shoplifting charge. "Since he forcibly took the product from Walmart employee, he will be charged with strong arm robbery," Hall said. Police say the suspect left the scene in an older model car. "It looks like he loaded the computer or the products in the backseat, on the passenger side and then got in on the passenger side as well," Hall said. Meanwhile, Wilson left the scene on a stretcher, with a broken hip and regret. "I would never try to stop him or anything, but I do regret asking for his receipt," Wilson said. If you have any information about the suspect or the case, you're asked to contact the Clarksville Police Department. Copyright 2017 WDRB Media. All rights reserved. Sign Up for WDRB's Sports Newsletter Email Address * Logged in as: Log intoMember Center Not you?Log out * denotes required fields WDRB%20Sports%20Newsletter Thank you for signing up! You will receive a confirmation email shortly. Closed CaptioningMore>> Closed Captioning Message Thanks to support from Norton Healthcare, this story and others are available in real-time closed captioning on WDRB. Thanks to support from Norton Healthcare, this story and others are available in real-time closed captioning on WDRB.More >> WDRB NEWS Home Kentucky News Indiana News National News Entertainment Weather WDRB Traffic Business Sports WDRB in the Morning Keith Kaiser Out and About News Team WDRB-TV Point of View Sales Team Programming Information Gas Prices Contests Events WDRB Jobs Facebook Partners Norton Healthcare WMYO-TV WBRT 1320 AM WBKI-TV 624 W. Muhammad Ali Blvd Louisville, KY 40203 Contact Us Advertise with Us Closed Captioning WDRB FCC Online Public File EEO Report For online public file assistance, contact: Harry Beam hbeam@wdrb.com (502) 584-6441 All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WDRB. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
jezebel Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root Video TWSS The Muse Pictorial The Slot Dirt Bag Shade Court barf bag I'm Giving Walmart Exactly What They Want Bobby FingerYesterday 6:10pm Filed to: crotillas amy adams walmart 127 6 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink A still from the 2016 film “Amy Adams Tells Aliens About Crotillas” [Image via Paramount] Last week, Walmart unveiled a new prepackaged food item called the “crotilla.” The disc-shaped (and reportedly flaky) little thing is described by the retail giant as “an alternative for croissant sandwiches since the buttery bread often flakes apart when it’s cut horizontally.” But let’s cut the crap for a second and discuss what this really is: a PR stunt that I have fallen for, hook, line, and sinker. Advertisement When that team of shitheads over at Walmart created their latest monstrosity after what I presume was a coke-fueled all-nighter during which other potential culinary disasters like the “chippie” (it’s a chip but it’s also a cookie) and “sandsta” (it’s a sandwich but it’s also pasta) were floated and ultimately rejected as “not viral enough,” I assume they imagined someone a lot like me would write a post a lot like this. “They’ll be furious,” one of them (let’s call him Greg) probably said while digging through his bag for a cigarette he swore was in there earlier. “They’ll be so fucking mad, and they’ll line up to get one anyway. They’ll fucking—haha!—they’ll fucking line the fuck up! And then you know what they’ll do?” Greg probably paused for dramatic effect here. “They’ll fucking Instagram it. They’ll Instagram it and they’ll tweet about it and they’ll post stories about their fury or delight to Facebook. Even Hoda and Kathie Lee will talk about this shit. They’ll fucking eat it up. Literally.” Advertisement Greg was right, and I gave him exactly what he wanted. Image via WTKR. Image via Food + Wine Image via HuffPo Image via Eater. Image via Today. Recommended Stories Artisanal Toast is Apparently a Fucking Thing Now Brace Yourselves for Two New Patti LaBelle Walmart Desserts Those Giant Willy Wonka Ass Milkshakes Are Bullshit  Bobby Finger bobby@jezebel.com @bobbyfinger Staff Writer, Jezebel | Man Reply127 repliesLeave a reply You may also like Jezebel Serena Williams Claps Back At Racist Remark About Her Unborn Child  Yesterday 5:15pm The Grapevine Black Women Are Upset Over SheaMoisture’s New Whitewashing Marketing Ploy Yesterday 6:30pm Jezebel Ivanka Trump's Clothing Was Disguised Under the Name 'Adrienne Vittadini' Yesterday 3:30pm Recent from Bobby Finger 7 224 42.5K Jezebel · Bobby Finger We Now Have Photographic Proof That Amber Heard and Elon Musk Are Going Steady Yesterday 9:40am 12 120 34.4K Jezebel · Bobby Finger Kurt Russell and Goldie Hawn Were Interrupted By Cops While Having Sex On Their First Date Friday 2:10pm 13 173 28K Jezebel · Bobby Finger Anne Hathaway Is a Cool Mom Who Smokes Weed, But Don’t Tell the Cops Friday 12:20pm Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Jezebel Store Redirecting to the Jezebel store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 59° Low 56° High 79° Fayetteville 52° Low 56° High 76° Bentonville 55° Low 55° High 76° See complete forecast Zac Brown Band Heading To Walmart AMP Posted 4:31 pm, April 24, 2017, by Shawnya Meyers Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email × Zac Brown Band Heading To Walmart AMP ROGERS (KFSM) — The Zac Brown Band has added the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion as a stop on its “Welcome Home 2017” tour. The band will take the stage on Thursday, Sept. 14, and the performance starts at 7 p.m. Doors will open at 5:30 p.m. Tickets for the “Chicken Fried” and “Colder Weather” singers will start at $39.50 and go up to $95. They can be purchased online, by phone at 479-443-5600, or in person at the Walmart AMP or Walton Arts Center box offices. Tickets will go on sale starting at 10 a.m. on Friday (April 28). The band is releasing its latest album on May 12, the same day it kicks off the “Welcome Home 2017” tour. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Adventure Arkansas Check the latest 5NEWS adventure. Popular 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Elkins Woman Dies & Springdale Woman Is Critically Injured In ATV Accident 4-Year-Old Climbs Out Of Arkansas River After Boat Capsizes, Tells Authorities His Family Needs Help Two Rescued After Being Trapped Under Fallen Tree At Barling Park Latest News 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Northside Senior Co-Captains Behind Successful Season Inmates Jack Jones, Marcel Williams Executed; First Double Execution In U.S. Since 2000 That $50 Lowe’s Mother’s Day Coupon On Facebook Is A Scam Southbound Traffic Delayed On I-49 After Rollover Accident In Rogers News Matchbox Twenty And Counting Crows Add Summer Tour Stop At Walmart AMP News Boston Coming To Walmart AMP News Blink-182 Added To Walmart AMP Lineup News Willie Nelson, Sheryl Crow And Craft Beer Heading To AMP For Outlaw Music Festival News Steve Miller Band Added To Walmart AMP’s Summer Lineup News ZZ Top Added To Walmart AMP Lineup News Train Performing At Walmart AMP In May News Lady Antebellum To Perform At Walmart AMP With Kelsea Ballerini And Brett Young News Third Eye Blind Coming To AMP News Mary J. Blige Added To Summer AMP Lineup News Bush Added To Walmart AMP Lineup News Brad Paisley Added To Summer AMP Lineup News The Harlem Globetrotters Bring 2017 World Tour To Fayetteville Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Features / Cherokee Nation sues pharmacies, drug distributors over opioid epidemic Cherokee Nation sues pharmacies, drug distributors over opioid epidemic Posted on Monday, April 24, 2017 by CNN in Features The Cherokee Nation filed a lawsuit against pharmacies and drug distributors on Thursday, alleging that the companies have not done their part to curb the opioid epidemic that has gripped the tribal community. Among the companies named are pharmacies such as Walmart, CVS and Walgreens. Also named are companies that distribute opioid medications to these pharmacies: AmerisourceBergen, McKesson and Cardinal Health. “The brunt of the epidemic could have been, and should have been, prevented by the defendant companies,” the lawsuit alleges. The Cherokee Nation has accused the companies of not complying with federal drug regulations, which include keeping detailed information on the medications they sell, protecting pills from theft and refusing to fill “suspicious” prescriptions. The companies “have turned a blind eye,” the lawyers wrote, while opioid pills have fallen into the wrong hands and made their way to the “illicit black market.” “There’s a very large volume of opioids being distributed in the Cherokee territory — sufficiently large to be shocking,” said Richard Fields, special counsel to the attorney general of the Cherokee Nation. The Cherokee Nation is suing for “hundreds of millions of dollars” in damages, said Fields, though the lawsuit does not specify a figure. Some of these damages seek compensation for addiction treatment, medical treatment for babies born with opioid dependence, welfare for children whose parents can’t support them and law enforcement efforts to curb the opioid crisis in Cherokee communities. Although similar cases have taken years to resolve, Fields and his team are aiming for a decision in less than 12 months. The Cherokee court “prides itself on speed and believes that justice delayed is justice denied,” he said. According to the CDC, drug overdoses have quadrupled since 1999, hitting hardest among white and Native Americans. Oklahoma, where the Cherokee Nation is based, has ranked among the top states for opioid prescription rates. This is the first time a tribal court has filed such a lawsuit against opioid distributors, Fields said, but there is recent precedent for these types of cases. Pharmaceutical distributor McKesson set a record in January when it paid $150 million for failing to “report suspicious orders of pharmaceutical drugs,” the US Department of Justice said in a release. McKesson’s distribution centers in four states were temporarily banned from selling controlled substances to pharmacies. In December, Cardinal Health paid $34 million in penalties for similar reasons. The following month, it paid an additional $20 million to West Virginia, though the company denied any wrongdoing. The company maintains its position with this latest case. “Cardinal Health is confident that the facts and the law are on our side, and we intend to vigorously defend ourselves against the plaintiff’s mischaracterization of those facts and misunderstanding of the law,” Cardinal Health said in a statement, adding that it has a “rigorous system to combat opioid diversion.” “We’re reviewing the filing now,” AmerisourceBergen said in its own statement. “Beyond reporting and stopping shipment of orders that are determined to be suspicious, we provide daily reports about … every single order of controlled substances we distribute to regulatory and enforcement professionals.” Similarly, CVS Health said in a statement that it has policies in place “to determine whether a controlled substance prescription was issued for a legitimate medical purpose before filling it.” The company said it is “dedicated to reducing prescription drug abuse and diversion.” Walgreens declined to comment. The other companies named in the lawsuit did not immediately respond to a request for comment. “When you look at the history of what the (US Drug Enforcement Administration) has been prosecuting, you realize the extraordinary amounts of drugs that are being pumped into our society,” Fields said, adding that the Cherokee Nation’s legal team is not looking to change the laws but simply to enforce them. “We just want to see these companies change their behavior, follow the law and really do what’s right — not just for the Cherokee Nation but for our country.” Opioid epidemic may be underestimated, CDC report says First malaria vaccine to be widely tested in Africa next year Related Posts What are the critics saying about ‘Jem and the Holograms’? Barcelona: La Liga giant signs new mega kit deal Zika virus: Singapore confirms 41 locally-transmitted cases Is Paul Ryan the new poster child for the work-life balance debate? Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Better days ahead for LTL carriers like ABF Freight, but expect ‘bumpy ride’ WWI remembered during Arkansas Heritage Month in May Tyson Foods considering sale of three non-meat based brands Delegation can boost enterprise value Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Fort Smith School Board approves teacher pay increases for 2017-2018 Arkansas executes inmates Jack Jones and Marcel Williams; victims’ family comments (Update 4) New Arkansas marijuana laws include restrictions, but no reversal of November vote Journalist covering Arkansas execution wonders, ‘There has to be a better way of doing this’ Around the world with Sen. Tom Cotton Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith School Board approves teacher pay increases for 2017-2018 Arkansas State University and Dr. Chuck Welch have a ‘sixth’ sense for success Better days ahead for LTL carriers like ABF Freight, but expect ‘bumpy ride’ Springdale business exec appointed to national manufacturing advisory board Video / Podcasts Around the world with Sen. Tom Cotton TB&P Daily: Sen. Tom Cotton reflects on President Trump’s first 100 days in office TB&P Daily: John Brummett on state executions past, present and future Reps. Reginald Murdock and Andy Davis discuss legislative session, death penalty politics TB&P Daily: Brooke Vines of Vines Media Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Better days ahead for LTL carriers like ABF Freight, but expect ‘bumpy ride’ The Supply Side: Applications for ‘Open Call’ event accepted through May 18 J.B. Hunt to spend $500 million on technology improvements, pushes e-commerce strategy The Supply Side: App offers real-time answers to retail questions Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Jenny Fleiss joins Walmart’s Store No. 8 innovation division BusinessNews BriefsNorthwest Arkansas by Talk Business & Politics staff (staff2@talkbusiness.net) 10 hours ago 74 views  0 SHARES Share Tweet Wal-Mart Stores announces Jenny Fleiss has joined the retailer’s innovation division dubbed Store No. 8. Fleiss is the co-founder and CEO of Rent the Runway, which began as an online-only clothing-rental service eight years ago, and is the first portfolio company adopted by Walmart U.S. eCommerce and its Store No. 8 innovation arm. The retail giant said its mission is be the force driving commerce forward at a time when emerging technologies influence all aspects of consumers’ lives. CEO Marc Lore announced the new innovation arm within Walmart U.S. eCommerce last month. This division will vet and look for acquisition opportunities and focus on improving customer experience using technology. “We recognize that one of the most crucial parts of this mission is developing a team that will allow us to achieve these goals and finding the talent with the proven track record to drive innovation forward in both concept and practice,” the retailer noted in a blog post on Monday (April 24). Fleiss and her team will help to develop highly-personalized, one-to-one shopping experiences. “Jenny is a trailblazer in her field and has spent her career advancing ideas that have shaped retail as we know it today,” the retailer noted in the blog. “As co-founder of Rent the Runway, she saw the expansion of the company into a globally recognizable brand and pioneered a new retail model. Under Jenny’s leadership, this new company will be a jumping off point for Store No 8’s mission to shape the future of commerce. Comments comments Previous post Bella Vista lawyer placed on interim suspension for mishandling client funds Next post Fort Smith Regional Airport director job down to five finalists Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Barbara Taylor Delegation can boost enterprise value Brian Kratkiewicz The future of advertising Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, corporate pieholes, and the ultimate halftime show Justin Allen Previewing Arkansas’ amendment debates ahead of the 2018 election Martha Londagin ‘The food’s the thing,’ but not everything Latest Popular Fort Smith School Board approves teacher pay increases for 2017-2018 4 hours ago Arkansas executes inmates Jack Jones and Marcel Williams; victims’ family comments (Update 4) 6 hours ago Arkansas State University and Dr. Chuck Welch have a ‘sixth’ sense for success 6 hours ago Better days ahead for LTL carriers like ABF Freight, but expect ‘bumpy ride’ 8 hours ago WWI remembered during Arkansas Heritage Month in May 9 hours ago Fort Smith businessman announces major overhaul of downtown property 4,731 views Wal-Mart gearing up for Lidl’s U.S. store openings; suppliers warned of deeper price wars 2,844 views Former Congressman Jay Dickey dies at the age of 77 2,652 views J.B. Hunt to spend $500 million on technology improvements, pushes e-commerce strategy 2,235 views Nine Bentonville office buildings sell for $25.1 million 2,092 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Discover: Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research More Menu Log In or Register News Retail & Financial Executive Changes Issues & Trends Consumer Trends Product Categories Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents SN Viewpoints Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research Contact Digital Edition Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Marsh said to cut staff amid new round of closures Apr 24, 2017 Kroger names new spokesperson Apr 24, 2017 McMillon: Convenience, efficiency, trust on tap for Walmart Apr 24, 2017 Gallery: Retailer’s selloff leads Top 10 Apr 24, 2017 The Fresh Market shutters five stores, expands new look in S.C. Apr 21, 2017 Featured Strack & Van Til to sell 22 stores, close remaining 9 Apr 19, 2017 Trump pledges to address dairy trade dispute Apr 19, 2017 Asian Americans, Baby Boomers driving meat snack demand Apr 19, 2017 ShopRite, RWJBarnabas team up to teach children about nutrition Apr 19, 2017 Walmart Top Retailers>Walmart McMillon: Convenience, efficiency, trust on tap for Walmart Annual report details compensation, new director nominee Jon Springer | Apr 24, 2017 Wal-Mart Stores CEO Doug McMillon pledged the retailer would work toward providing more shopper convenience and internal efficiency in its new fiscal year, with an eye on maintaining sales momentum and building consumer trust in the path of a fast-changing business and consumer landscape. “We are a company of the future,” McMillon declared in his annual letter to shareholders as part of the company’s annual report released last week. As previously disclosed, Walmart increased U.S. net sales by 3.2% to $308 billion in fiscal 2017, which ended Jan. 31, with comparable store sales up by 1.4%. Its U.S. division has increased comps for 10 consecutive quarters while many of its competitors in food and general merchandise retail have struggled. In his message to shareholders, McMillon ascribed this momentum to the company’s investments in people and technology, saying those were working together to build a “seamless” retail model built on convenience and speed and not just price. “We’re clearly living in a time of transformative change. The world is moving faster and the magnitude of the changes, and their influence on business, seem larger than I can remember. In retail, the things made possible by technology are fundamentally transforming this industry. These changes are creating compelling ways for customers to save time and gain easy access to products and services they didn’t have before. At Walmart, we’re harnessing the power of technology and the investments in our associates to create new ways of serving customers and provide associates with more opportunities to grow their careers.” McMillon said his priorities for fiscal 2018 would be providing additional convenience for shoppers, enhancing a “performance culture” in stores, cost discipline and building trust. He said the company had “significant year of progress” addressing shopper convenience through the convergence of physical and digital assets last fiscal year, citing a new $35 free shipping initiative; ongoing rollout of Grocery Pickup; “Scan & Go” shopping at Sam’s Club and acquisitions of e-commerce brands like Jet, ShoeBuy, Moosejaw and ModCloth. Technology will also aid Walmart’s pursuit of a performance culture, he said. “We’re focused on becoming more of a digital enterprise. We’re working to increase productivity with more efficient internal processes and creating more real-time information at our fingertips, supported by more advanced analytics.” Investments will be made to support efficiency and productivity, as new store build will slow amid efforts to drive better sales from existing assets. He also said the company was open to divesting businesses where it made sense. “We were founded on an everyday low-cost mentality but we think we have opportunities to work in new ways and find a path to a lower cost base,” he said. McMillon said these efforts would build further trust in a brand that’s often drawn criticism – acknowledging that consumers are increasingly taking a company’s reputation into consideration when shopping. The company also released its Global Responsibility Report that highlighted progress in addressing its career structing for employees, commitments to local and women-owned businesses and efforts to reduce environmental impacts, among other things. “During this time of change, customers are watching the companies they spend their time and money with more closely than ever,” McMillon said. The way we earn their trust is through our associates doing the right thing every day — being creative, curious, ethical, service oriented and embodying our purpose of making lives better for others.” The annual report detailed that McMillon’s compensation increased to $22.4 million in fiscal 2017 from $19.8 million the year before, but that CFO Brett Biggs brought home less than the year before: $6.4 million vs. $8.6 million in fiscal 2016. Pam Craig and Linda Wolf are retiring from the board. A new independent nominee is Carla Harris, vice chair of wealth management for Morgan Stanley. TAGS: Executive Changes 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Gallery: Whole Foods developments drive Top 10Apr 17, 2017 Industry stocks lag in Q1Apr 08, 2017 Granite countertops in the retail kitchenApr 07, 2017 Kroger trims new-store plans by 35%Mar 30, 2017 Load More Next Article Previous Article About Us Contact Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Penton
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Wal-Mart's Tech Incubator Hires Co-Founder of Rent the Runway by Matthew Boyle @bizboyle More stories by Matthew Boyle April 24, 2017, 10:57 AM EDT Jennifer Fleiss will lead shopping startup called Code Eight Wal-Mart unveiled incubator in March as part of its tech push Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s technology incubator, part of the company’s bid to expand beyond brick-and-mortar retail, hired a co-founder of Rent the Runway to oversee its first startup. Jennifer Fleiss, who stepped down from the online clothing-rental service earlier this year, will lead an outfit called Code Eight, which will develop “highly personalized, one-to-one shopping experiences,” according to a statement on Monday. The executive remains a board member at Rent the Runway, which she helped start in 2009. Wal-Mart’s tech incubator, called Store No. 8, was  launched in March to identify trends that are reshaping the shopping experience, including virtual reality, robotics and personalized shopping. The goal is to have a fast-moving, separate entity to spot emerging technologies that can be developed and used across Wal-Mart. It’s part of a broader push into e-commerce under Marc Lore, who has brought fresh talent and tactics to the world’s biggest retailer since Wal-Mart bought his company Jet.com for $3.3 billion last summer. Fleiss and fellow Harvard Business School graduate Jennifer Hyman have raised about $190 million in venture capital for Rent the Runway, which began as an online-only clothing-rental service eight years ago. More recently, it moved into the physical space with its own stores. It also has a partnership with Neiman Marcus to open boutiques inside some branches of the Dallas-based luxury retailer. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Fashion has been a focal point of Wal-Mart’s e-commerce push. The company has acquired women’s apparel seller ModCloth and is in talks to buy men’s clothing startup Bonobos Inc. for about $300 million, a person familiar with the matter has said. Amazon.com Inc. has also moved aggressively into selling fashion, aiming to nurture a reputation as a destination that’s trendy, not just cheap and convenient. Store No. 8 takes its name from an early Wal-Mart location where founder Sam Walton would test out new ideas. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Tantaros Adds to Fox Fight With Claim of `Sockpuppet' Attack A Dying Man's Lost Recipe Made His Daughter a Multimillionaire Jack Ma Sees Decades of Pain as Internet Upends Old Economy Risk On as French Vote Ripples Around the World: Markets Wrap The Electric Car Revolution Now Faces Its Biggest Test Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Tuesday, April 25, 2017, 1:51 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Latest News / Police: 2 women push worker, steal $500 worth of groceries from west Little Rock Wal-Mart By Gavin Lesnick This article was published April 24, 2017 at 11:33 a.m. Comments (5) aAFont Size Search mug shots, government salaries, crime maps and more at our Right2Know page. Two women made off with an estimated $500 worth of groceries from a west Little Rock Wal-Mart after pushing a 77-year-old employee who confronted them about the theft, police said. It happened about 11:30 p.m. Saturday at the Wal-Mart at 19301 Cantrell Road, according to a Little Rock Police Department report. The store manager told investigators the women loaded a cart with merchandise and then attempted to leave the business without paying for any of it, authorities said. The worker then confronted the thieves, the report said, at which point one of them pushed her and then ran out with the cart. The women reportedly left in a black Dodge Charger. No arrests had been made at the time of the report. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Latest News New Orleans takes down white supremacist monu... Beauty pageant winner pleads guilty to child ... Little Rock police search for vehicle in driv... Little Rock man tells police he was hit in fo... Police: 2 women push worker, steal $500 worth... Dems say no shutdown if Trump relents on wall PHOTOS » Police pick up adorable intruders: A... U.S. general suggests Russia arming Taliban Former Arkansas college student, one-time asp... More Latest News stories > Comments on: Police: 2 women push worker, steal $500 worth of groceries from west Little Rock Wal-Mart To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. Displaying 1 - 4 of 4 total comments NutButter says... April 24, 2017 at 12:31 p.m. After all that & no description??!! ( permalink | suggest removal ) ydreher says... April 24, 2017 at 1:03 p.m. Incomplete reporting to not address whether the altercation, and the black Dodge Charger, was captured on one of Wal-Mart's many surveillance cameras ( permalink | suggest removal ) Slak says... April 24, 2017 at 5:03 p.m. hungry, hungry hippos ( permalink | suggest removal ) titleist10 says... April 24, 2017 at 6:12 p.m. Evidently they are not getting enough food stamps ( permalink | suggest removal ) page 1 To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Rally at Arkansas Capitol promotes science (39 comments) Dems say no shutdown if Trump relents on wall (16 comments) New Orleans takes down white supremacist monument (13 comments) Arkansas set for new round of executions; 2 moved near death chamber (12 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: An anatomy of a killing (9 comments) Nurse held in Arkansas bank robbery released on bail; UAMS places him on administrative leave (10 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
Tuesday, Apr. 25, 2017 About Advertise Sponsors View Sponsors Weekly Deals Contact Home News & Views City Council Recaps Brewery News Restaurant News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Movie Reviews Giveaways Sports Sections All News Restaurant News Beer News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Sports Calendar Public Meetings Movie Listings Fiesta Square Razorback Cinema Weekly Deals AMP adds Mary J. Blige, Zac Brown Band to 2017 lineup By Todd Gill ·   April 24, 2017  Mary J. Blige / Courtesy photo Two more concerts were announced over the past few days for the Walmart AMP’s 2017 season. Grammy Award-winning singer, songwriter, actress and philanthropist Mary J. Blige will perform on Saturday, June 3. Tickets go on sale at 12 p.m. Thursday, April 27. Prices range from $30-$95 plus any applicable fees. Blige recently completed The King and Queen of Hearts World Tour with Maxwell and is finalizing her 14th album titled Strength of a Woman, slated for release April 28, 2017. Also scheduled this year are three-time Grammy Award-winning multiplatinum artists Zac Brown Band on Thursday, Sept. 14 as part of the band’s Welcome Home 2017 Tour. Prices range from $39.50-$95 (plus fees), and tickets go on sale at 10 a.m. Friday, April 28. The five-month tour kicks off on May 12, the same day that the band’s fifth full-length album of the same name releases. AMP officials said every online ticket order includes a copy of the new album. Tickets for both concerts can be purchased in person at the Walton Arts Center box office, by calling 479-443-5600 or by visiting www.amptickets.com. Mary J. Blige – Thick Of It Zac Brown Band – Welcome Home album trailer   Discussion Fayetteville Flyer has specific guidelines for commenting. To avoid having your comment deleted -- or your commenting privileges revoked -- read our Comment Policy before you comment. Violators will be banned from commenting. Report a comment that violates the guidelines to contact@fayettevilleflyer.com. Commenters on the Flyer are responsible for all legal consequences arising from their comments, including libel, infringement of copyright or actions that threaten a third party. By submitting a comment, you agree to indemnify Wonderstate Media LLC, its partners and employees from any legal action arising from your comments. @fayflyer     » See all sponsor deals & specials Advertisements Get Email News Updates Receive an email with headlines for all the day’s stories on the Flyer. » Click to sign up Advertisements     LOCAL INFO   Deals & More Fire/Police Dispatch Logs Detention Intake Report   » See all ADVERTISEMENTS Flyer Sponsors » See all sponsors Sponsor Tweets Tweets from @fayflyer/flyer-sponsors Become a sponsor The Flyer focuses on free news that's specific to Fayetteville. Because of that, our readers are local, and they're loyal to the businesses that support their daily source of information. Let us help your company deliver its message to our ever-growing audience. To talk about becoming a sponsor, call 479-387-1002 or email us. About Legal Advertise Sponsors Contact © 2007-2017 Wonderstate Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Wal-Mart e-commerce investment arm names new retail startup CEO Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Wal-Mart e-commerce investment arm names new retail startup CEO Advertisement Business Wal-Mart e-commerce investment arm names new retail startup CEO Wal-Mart Stores Inc , the world's no.1 retailer, said its recently launched startup investment arm, Store No 8, has hired Jenny Fleiss as the chief executive of its first portfolio company. 24 Apr 2017 09:40PM Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail REUTERS: Wal-Mart Stores Inc , the world's no.1 retailer, said its recently launched startup investment arm, Store No 8, has hired Jenny Fleiss as the chief executive of its first portfolio company. Fleiss will run code eight, a startup that will develop personalized, one-to-one shopping experiences. Fleiss is the co-founder and former head of business development of Rent the Runway, a designer fashion rental company. (http://bit.ly/2pcJ3Xd) Silicon Valley-based Store No 8, launched in March to expand Wal-Mart's e-commerce business, plans to work with startups that specialize in areas such as robotics, virtual and augmented reality, machine learning and artificial intelligence. (Reporting by Richa Naidu in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the daily digest to your inbox! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman WhyteSpyder and Mercy Health Foundation Partner for Cornhole Event FAYETTEVILLE, Ark., April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Fayetteville eCommerce company WhyteSpyder is preparing for its 4th Annual Catfish, Corndog and Cornhole Tournament, benefitting Mercy Health Foundation. The event will take place at the Mercy Hospital Campus North Field/Parking Lot on Friday, June 16, 2017, with all proceeds going to the Mercy Health Foundation. „This is our way of bringing the community together to enjoy an afternoon of great food and fun,” said WhyteSpyder CEO Eric Howerton. WhyteSpyder has presented three cornhole tournaments over the last three years, each benefitting a different local cause. This year, 100% of the proceeds from the event will go directly to Mercy Health Foundation and their efforts to improve the quality of life in Northwest Arkansas. „Events like these that not only provide a financial benefit to an organization that needs it, but also provides members of the community with an enjoyable means of contribution,” added Howerton. Teams can register online and sponsors can find more information about the event at http://catfishcorndogsandcornhole.com/. The registration deadline for event sponsors is May 26. For more information, contact event coordinator, Casey Crowell, at (479) 287-4006 or ccrowell@whytespyder.com. About WhyteSpyder: WhyteSpyder helps Walmart and Sam’s Club manufacturers setup, manage, and optimize product data and content on Walmart.com and Samsclub.com. WhyteSpyder keeps with the strategic vision of Walmart and Sam’s Club when creating and managing content. We use any distribution technology accepted by retailers that is beneficial for manufacturers and their agencies. Learn more about WhyteSpyder by calling 479-287-4006 or visiting www.whytespyder.com. Press Contact:  Casey Crowell WhyteSpyder 1023 Milsap Rd Fayetteville, AR 72703 ccrowell@whytespyder.com  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/whytespyder-and-mercy-health-foundation-partner-for-cornhole-event-300443757.html SOURCE WhyteSpyder Related Links http://www.whytespyder.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The New Radeon Pro Duo Delivers Professional-Grade Performance & Flexibility for Today’s Most Complex Multi-Tasking Workflows Next PostNext Ascensia Diabetes Care Announces Partnership with The Dr. Oz Show to Launch the 60-Day Diabetes Challenge Search Recent Posts United States Portable Grills Market Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2016-2021 Analyze the recent report on United States Airborne Fire Control Radar– Review, 2017 United States Police and Law Enforcement Equipment Market Research and Analysis 2021 Genium Consolidated Feed (GCF) – Test Environments GCF TST2 and TST4 Unavailable Effnetplattformen AB (publ): Intressebolaget Axxonen Properties mot notering Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español The Mars Agency Expands E-Commerce Team To Meet Exploding Growth Among CPG Companies Senior Hires Strengthen Agency's E-Commerce Credentials; Well Positioned for Next Wave of Shopper Marketing News provided by The Mars Agency 24 Apr, 2017, 09:00 ET Share this article DETROIT, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- As E-Commerce continues to emerge as the next dominant retail channel for CPG companies, The Mars Agency is adding senior members to its best-in-class E-Commerce team to provide clients with the expertise and resources to succeed in digital marketplaces. Megan Harbold joins as VP, E-Commerce and Erik Kraft joins as Senior Manager, Paid Search. As a widely acknowledged leader in shopper marketing, The Mars Agency is building a base of experts and capabilities to help clients capitalize on next-generation shopper marketing, powered by E-Commerce. The agency's E-Commerce practice provides end-to-end services for clients that span readiness (education and training), strategic planning, media & merchandising activation, analytics and business management, and offers support for both key pure-play retailers like Amazon and multi-channel accounts like Walmart. The agency has doubled the size of its E-Commerce team this year and plans further growth by early summer. "Our E-Commerce practice is a dynamic and growing part of our business and we plan to continue to invest aggressively in the E-Commerce space to meet the needs of our clients," says Rob Rivenburgh, CEO, North America of The Mars Agency. "Amazon and other E-tailers are increasingly an important channel for CPG companies and we see E-Commerce as a natural evolution of the retailer field-based shopper marketing infrastructure we've had in place for more than 15 years. Just as we saw the superstore concept emerge back in the 1980s, we are similarly well positioned to help clients win in E-Commerce, the channel of the future." Mars has cultivated a deep expertise across the Amazon ecosystem, forging close relationships with key stakeholders, developing specialized capabilities in areas like AMS/paid search management, earning designation as an Amazon Trusted Creative Partner and collaborating with the Alexa team on thought leadership initiatives in the voice realm. Several team members are based in Seattle for easy accessibility to the retail giant. And the agency is building similar proficiency with other retailers, such as Instacart and Walmart.com. Mars began offering E-Commerce support to clients three years ago in response to a perceived gap in full-service agency resources in this area. The agency's early progress was led by Ethan Goodman, SVP, Shopper Media and Innovation, who worked closely on Procter & Gamble's key E-Commerce initiatives while at Leo Burnett, and Melissa Wightman, director, E-Commerce, a 20-year Mars veteran with deep CPG expertise. Its E-Commerce capabilities were enriched with the addition of Melissa Burdick as VP, E-Commerce in 2015. Melissa spent 10 years at Amazon helping to launch the consumables business and many of the Amazon media products CPG brands use today. "Melissa and Melissa have been instrumental in building our capabilities, client relationships and industry profile," says Goodman, who oversees the agency's E-Commerce practice. "Adding Megan gives us an enviable pairing of brand and retailer expertise with Amazon, while Erik will lead our growth in the AMS/paid search arena. These additions reinforce our purpose to be the preeminent, end-to-end E-Commerce solution for our clients." Burdick will continue to be the strategic lead for key client accounts, manage new business development and take ownership of the paid search and analytics capabilities. She is speaking at IRCE in June and regularly appears in business and trade media, most recently Bloomberg, Retail Geek and Shopper Marketing. Kraft is tasked with helping Burdick expand The Mars Agency's paid search and analytics capabilities. He was formerly a paid search marketing manager at CommerceHub. Harbold brings significant brand experience from The Hershey Company, where she owned and operated the entirety of the Amazon business for Hershey, a best-in-class Amazon vendor. She will split strategic leadership of key client accounts and new business development with Burdick, and will help build out the agency's Content and Brokerage/Business Management capabilities. About The Mars Agency The Mars Agency is a full-service, global shopper and consumer marketing leader, operating in 11 offices in North America and Europe. For nearly 45 years, the agency has been consistently recognized as a thought leader in the shopper space, attracting an impressive client base that includes Walmart, Hallmark, T-Mobile, Campbell's, Pepperidge Farm, Lowe's, Samsung, Pfizer, and Live Nation. To learn more about The Mars Agency, please visit http://www.themarsagency.com/. For more information, contact: Rick Leonard RCL Communications rick@rclcommunications.com 203.434.7734 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-mars-agency-expands-e-commerce-team-to-meet-exploding-growth-among-cpg-companies-300443760.html SOURCE The Mars Agency Related Links http://www.themarsagency.com 03 Apr, 2017, 09:00 ET Preview: The Mars Agency Expands Creative Leadership, Appoints Suzanna Bierwirth Chief Creative Officer My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 03 Apr, 2017, 09:00 ET The Mars Agency Expands Creative Leadership, Appoints Suzanna... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Electronic Commerce Advertising Personnel Announcements You just read: The Mars Agency Expands E-Commerce Team To Meet Exploding Growth Among CPG Companies News provided by The Mars Agency 24 Apr, 2017, 09:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 29° Air Quality: PSI 58-72 We set you thinking Tuesday 25 April 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Hungarian ruling party lawmaker charged with graft: prosecutors 1493102737 World Roadside bomb kills at least 10 people in minibus, Pakistan official says 1493102698 Business Mitsubishi and Nissan full merger is not an option: chairman 1493102500 Business LVMH, Arnault to simplify Christian Dior business structure 1493101566 China&India Endangered crested ibis chick hatched in China after mother bird undergoes artificial insemination 1493102509 World North Korea marks military anniversary with firing drill 1493102508 Business Credit Suisse investors prepare to grill chairman Rohner over pay 1493101946 Singapore SLA takes legal possesion of 3 landed homes on Merpati Road 1493096100 Singapore Vandals hit UOB branch at Rochor 1493101906 World Reports of North Korea artillery drill as U.S. submarine docks in South 1493101013 World Kenya bus, tanker crash kills 24: police 1493099907 Sports FAS has no control over how NFL clubs run jackpot operations 1493064120 Business Looming risks subdue Asia stock investors after stellar quarter 1493092658 Business Asia stocks near two-year high, euro steady as French vote lifts mood 1493099571 World US submarine makes South Korea port call, North remains defiant 1493086260 China&India Resistance is futile: China’s conquest plan for robot industry 1493084460 Singapore Construction projects using new technologies to quadruple by 2020 1493064120 Business Toshiba to start taking bids in June for its Swiss unit Landis+Gyr: Kyodo 1493098178 Business Lippo unit buys S$15m Healthway convertible notes 1493064120 Singapore No-frills international schools a hit with budget-conscious expats 1493064120 Entertainment OneRepublic and Duran Duran among headliners to perform at 2017 Singapore Grand Prix 1493092260 Entertainment Rui En explains herself to elderly couple 1493027760 Commentary School mergers: More questions than answers 1493064120 Singapore NTU’s new sports hall is first SEA mega building built using innovative green tech 1493018460 Tech Hands on with the Samsung S8+ 1493089560 Daily Focus No longer a dream: Silicon Valley takes on the flying car 1493088960 World Turkish military says struck PKK targets in Iraq's Sinjar, northeastern Syria 1493097319 Business East Coast refiners eye Texas oil as North Dakota alternative 1493097197 Singapore Cheaper, cleaner electricity for households on the cards 1493064120 Business Not an inside job: How two analysts became SEC whistleblowers 1493096730 World Parties in France unite against Le Pen 1493095009 Singapore Teen who died in goalpost mishap dreamt of becoming pro footballer 1493043660 Business For Wells Fargo directors, narrow wins may not be enough 1493093984 World South Korea envoy says discussed ways to gain China, Russia help on North Korea 1493093258 World China says fewer graft suspects fleeing as controls stepped up 1493093394 China&India China’s cosmetic surgery boom doesn’t look pretty when it comes to profits 1493092560 World Thousands stage ANZAC Day memorials in Australia, New Zealand and Thailand 1493092484 Voices Praise for teachers at Crest Secondary School 1493091710 Sports FAS’ financial practices ‘are sound, but donation policy needed’ 1493038440 World Venezuela death toll rises as unrest enters fourth week 1493089896 Entertainment Pop singers, award-winning filmmakers contribute to opening of the Singapore Chinese Cultural Centre 1493006520 Business Ready for take-off? China's answer to Boeing now just needs to sell 1493076132 Sports Roberta Vinci disagrees with Maria Sharapova’s wildcard return to tennis 1493087511 Business Trump's push to fund wall may be delayed as government shutdown looms 1493085614 World Pilgrims to fly in style with Malaysia Airlines’ six Haj charter jets 1493085408 World Hollande urges French to reject Le Pen in presidential run-off vote 1493067568 World Chile rocked by 6.9-magnitude quake; no major damage reported 1493079560 China&India Converting coal would help China’s smog at climate’s expense 1493082060 World Aviation officer gives his version of United flight removal 1493081808 World Trump to sign orders on oil drilling, national monuments 1493081513 Business Wal-Mart e-commerce investment arm names new retail startup CEO A logo of Walmart is seen in one of the stores in Monterrey. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 8:45 PM, April 24, 2017 Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N>, the world's no.1 retailer, said its recently launched startup investment arm, Store No 8, has hired Jenny Fleiss as the chief executive of its first portfolio company. Fleiss will run code eight, a startup that will develop personalized, one-to-one shopping experiences. Fleiss is the co-founder and former head of business development of Rent the Runway, a designer fashion rental company. (http://bit.ly/2pcJ3Xd) Silicon Valley-based Store No 8, launched in March to expand Wal-Mart's e-commerce business, plans to work with startups that specialize in areas such as robotics, virtual and augmented reality, machine learning and artificial intelligence. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players ‘Recession-proof’ student housing attracts Singapore investors Yahoo's first-quarter revenue jumps 22 percent World Bank's Kim says Trump likes lender's private capital plans World Bank Group, China-led AIIB agree to deepen cooperation White House's Cohn says 'fair trade' means reciprocal tariffs Western Digital would consider Japan partners for Toshiba chip unit bid Wells Fargo tests Facebook chatbot Wells Fargo has satisfactory 'living will' plan: Fed Wells Fargo expands settlement to include more customer accounts Wells Fargo board pays price for letting whistleblowers whistle in the wind Inside Today World Hungarian ruling party lawmaker charged with graft: prosecutors Roadside bomb kills at least 10 people in minibus, Pakistan official says North Korea marks military anniversary with firing drill Reports of North Korea artillery drill as U.S. submarine docks in South Kenya bus, tanker crash kills 24: police Business Mitsubishi and Nissan full merger is not an option: chairman Credit Suisse investors prepare to grill chairman Rohner over pay LVMH, Arnault to simplify Christian Dior business structure Asia stocks near two-year high, euro steady as French vote lifts mood Toshiba to start taking bids in June for its Swiss unit Landis+Gyr: Kyodo Sports Roberta Vinci disagrees with Maria Sharapova’s wildcard return to tennis FAS has no control over how NFL clubs run jackpot operations FAS’ financial practices ‘are sound, but donation policy needed’ Pacquaio: title fight against Jeff Horn will show I’m still a global force Sharapova’s ready for hostile reception when she returns from ban this week Entertainment OneRepublic and Duran Duran among headliners to perform at 2017 Singapore Grand Prix Weird clouds may have inspired The Scream, say scientists Rui En explains herself to elderly couple Pop singers, award-winning filmmakers contribute to opening of the Singapore Chinese Cultural Centre Musicians in aquariums make sounds in a silent world About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
newsnet5 Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + Daily Forecast Hourly Forecast Live Storm Tracking Radar School Closings and Delays Live Cameras Tornado Safety Severe Weather Alerts Weather Videos Traffic + Gas Prices Traffic News Consumer + Contests Business Don’t Waste Your Money Consumer Reports Financial Fitness Zone ShopSmart News + Cleveland Metro Local News Akron-Canton Democracy 2016 Ohio Investigative National Health Decode DC Education PolitiFact E-Team Conquering Addiction Steve Stephens Coverage Entertainment + Celebrity Cle Rocks TV Guide The List My Ohio Community Calendar Crossword Sudoku Life + Mark's Garden My Ohio Tech Water Cooler Food & Dining Horoscope Pets Religion Sports + Browns Cavaliers OSU Indians HS Football Student Athlete Video + Live Video Video Vault 5 Live video 2 Best of the Class Right This Minute Photo Gallery Marketplace + Spotlight 5 Ohio Lottery Cleveland Auto News About Us + Staff Seen On 5 Our History Jobs Station Info Contact Us Advertising Blogs Support Current 59 Cloudy 3-Day Forecast HI: -° LO: 54° HI: -° LO: 54° HI: -° LO: 54° More Weather Traffic current alerts 6 More Traffic Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences Lorain woman's Samsung cell phone explodes and sets fire to her pocket Megan Hickey 6:08 AM, Apr 24, 2017 4:54 PM, Apr 24, 2017 Share Article Previous Next Lorain woman’s Samsung cell phone sets fire to her pocket Dorthiea Preston, 72,  bought the Samsung Gusto 3 phone on March 24 from a Medina Walmart.  Jeff Barnhill Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next LORAIN, Ohio - A Lorain woman said her Samsung cell phone “exploded” in her pocket, setting fire to her pants and pressing melted plastic against her leg.  Receipts show Dorthiea Preston, 72,  bought the Samsung Gusto 3 phone on March 24 from a Medina Walmart.  The phone was not included in last year's recall of more than 2.5 million Samsung Galaxy Note 7 phones.  Preston said she was sitting in a chair Saturday afternoon when she heard a loud bang.  “Like a bomb,” she said.  News 5 received a statement from Samsung at about 4:30 p.m. on Monday: "We stand behind the quality and safety of the many Gusto 3 phones in the U.S., and there are no known issues with these devices. We have reached out to Ms. Preston to learn more about what happened and offer our support. Mobile phones are complex devices and there are many factors that could contribute to their malfunction. Until we examine the device it is impossible to tie this to overheating. Any customer who has questions or experiences an issue with a Samsung product should contact us directly at 1-800-SAMSUNG." She felt something burning against her leg as smoke filled her living room. Preston, who has difficulty walking, said she struggled to make it to the sink to put out the burning plastic that was pressing against her leg.  “It was terrifying,” said Preston, who also said she was lucky that her burns were minor.  Preston said she has only ever used the charger that came with the phone.  When she reached out to Walmart about the incident, she was told that her warranty had expired.  Preston said she’d heard about the fire issues with the Galaxy Note 7, but thought her model was safe.  “That’s when I starting thinking boy, somebody needs to know about this,” she said.  In September, News 5 spoke to a Painesville woman whose Samsung S-7 Edge also caught fire, burning her mattress and nightstand. Luckily, she was not sleeping at the time.  Preston said she’s spent the last two days trying to report the problem to Samsung but has had trouble getting through.    Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story TrafficNews Consumer Sports Entertainment Life Video Photo GalleryMarketplaceSupport News 5 Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Staff Lottery Video Vault 5 Teacher of the Week Contests Community Calendar Academic Challenge Mark's Garden Student Athlete Grit TV 5.2 Laff TV 5.3 Mobile Apps News 5 iPhone iPad Kindle Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Newsy iPhoneAndroid RokuAmazon Fire TV Stay Connected facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube Scripps TV Station Group © 2017 The E.W. Scripps Co Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
/ Integration Zone Over a million developers have joined DZone. Log In / Sign Up {{node.title}} {{node.type}} · {{ node.urlSource.name }} · by {{node.authors[0].realName }} DOWNLOAD {{node.downloads}} {{totalResults}} search results Refcardz Guides Zones | Agile Big Data Cloud Database DevOps Integration IoT Java Mobile Performance Security Web Dev {{announcement.body}}{{announcement.title}} Let's be friends: Benefits of Microservices Architecture Implementation DZone's Guide to Benefits of Microservices Architecture Implementation With microservices, modules within software can be independently deployable. See why this decentralized approach to development is working worldwide. by Ekaterina Novoseltseva · Apr. 24, 17 · Integration Zone Free Resource Like (2) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Join the DZone community and get the full member experience. Join For Free Discover how Microservices are a type of software architecture where large applications are made up of small, self-contained units working together through APIs that are not dependent on a specific language. Brought to you in partnership with AppDynamics. Today we will discuss microservices architecture: it’s essence, benefits, and successful case studies. What's So Good About Microservices Architecture?  Microservices are also known as the microservices architecture. It is an architectural style, an approach to software development in which a large application is built as a suite of modular services; small, independently versioned, and scalable customer-focused services with specific business goals, which communicate with each other over standard protocols with well-defined interfaces. As they are independently deployable and scalable, each service also provides a firm module boundary, even allowing for different services to be written in different programming languages and can also be managed by different teams. In microservices architecture, large software projects are broken down into smaller, more independent modules. Responsible for highly defined and discrete tasks, these individual modules communicate with each other through simple, universally accessible APIs. It is a distinctive method of developing software systems that has grown in popularity in recent years. Thanks to its scalability, this architectural method is considered particularly ideal when you have to enable support for a range of platforms and devices, for example: web, mobile, Internet of Things, wearables, or simply when you’re not sure what kind of devices you’ll need to support in a cloudy future. The main idea behind microservices architecture is that some types of applications become easier to build and maintain when they are broken down into smaller, composable pieces which work together. In other words, each component is developed separately, and the application is then simply the sum of its constituent components. In a microservices architecture, each service runs a unique process and usually manages its own database. This not only provides development teams with a more decentralized approach to building software, it also allows each service to be deployed, rebuilt, redeployed and managed independently.  The philosophy of the microservices architecture is: “Do one thing and do it well." Services might run within the same process, but they should be independently deployable and easy to replace. They can be implemented using different programming languages, databases, and software environment. The services are small and fine-grained to perform a single function. They embrace automation of testing and deployment, continuous delivery software development process, failure and faults, similar to anti-fragile systems. Each service is elastic, resilient, composable, minimal, and complete. Also, probably you have heard about Docker if you are interested in microservices architecture. And you have heard that Docker or other container technologies are kind of enablers of microservice architecture. Containers are designed to be pared down to the minimal viable pieces needed to run whatever the one thing the container is designed to do, rather than packing multiple functions into the same machine. The ease of development that Docker provides helps make possible rapid development and testing. Using containers and microservices together enhances cloud capabilities. Microservices are scalable and reusable, while containers supply efficient resources. Both microservices and containers can work independently, but it has become clear that merging them has improved runtime frequency, cloud-hosting policies and cloud tools. Microservices Architecture Benefits  Software built as microservices can be broken down into multiple component services, so that each of these services can be deployed and then redeployed independently without compromising the integrity of an application. That means that microservice architecture gives developers the freedom to independently develop and deploy services. Better fault isolation; if one microservice fails, the others will continue to work. Code for different services can be written in different languages. Easy integration and automatic deployment; using open-source continuous integration tools such as Jenkins, etc. The microservice architecture enables continuous delivery. Easy to understand since they represent a small piece of functionality, and easy to modify for developers, thus they can help a new team member become productive quickly. The code is organized around business capabilities. Scalability and reusability, as well as efficiency. Easy to scale and integrate with third-party services. Components can be spread across multiple servers or even multiple data centers. Work very well with containers, such as Docker. Complement cloud activities. Microservices simplify security monitoring because the various parts of an app are isolated. A security problem could happen in one section without affecting other areas of the project. Increase the autonomy of individual development teams within an organization, as ideas can be implemented and deployed without having to coordinate with a wider IT delivery function. Successful Case Studies and Examples of Microservices Architecture Implementation Netflix, eBay, Amazon, the UK Government Digital Service, Twitter, PayPal, The Guardian, and many other large-scale websites and applications have all evolved from monolithic to microservices architecture. Let’s look at some of the success stories to see the results:  Walmart Successfully Revitalized Its Failing Architecture With Microservices This is a good example of what should be done when aging architecture begins to negatively affect business. This is the multi-million dollar question which the IT Department of Walmart Canada had to address after they were failing on Black Fridays for two years in a row The problem was that It couldn’t handle 6 million pageviews per minute and made it impossible to keep any kind of positive user experience anymore. Before embracing microservices, Walmart had an architecture for the internet of 2005, designed around desktops, laptops and monoliths. The company decided to replatform its old legacy system in 2012 since it was unable to scale for 6 million pageviews per minute and was down for most of the day during peak events. They wanted to prepare for the world by 2020, with 4 billion people connected and 25+ million apps available. So Walmart replatformed to a microservices architecture with the intention of achieving close to 100% availability with reasonable costs. Migrating to microservices actually brought notable results: Conversions were up by 20% literally overnight Mobile orders were up by 98% instantly No downtime on Black Friday or Boxing Day The operational savings were significant as well since the company moved off of its expensive hardware onto commodity hardware They saved 40% of the computing power and experienced 20-50% cost savings overall  Spotify Builds Outstanding User Experience With Microservices Kevin Goldsmith, VP of Engineering at Spotify, knows from his experience that an enterprise which intends to move fast and stay innovative in a highly competitive market requires an architecture that can scale. Spotify serves more than 75 million active users per month, with an average session length of 23 minutes, while running incredibly complex business roles behind the scenes. So, Spotify came to the conclusion that if you’re worried about scaling to hundreds of millions of users, you build your system in a way that you scale components independently. And Spotify built a microservice architecture with autonomous full-stack teams in charge in order to avoid synchronization hell within the organization. These teams are autonomous, and their mission does not overlap with other teams mission. Now, Spotify has around 90 teams, 600 developers, and 5 development offices on two continents building the same product, so they needed to minimize these dependencies as much as possible. What Spotify really likes about microservices is that they don’t have large failures; big services fail big, small services fail small. Building a microservices architecture allows Spotify to have a large number of services down at the same time without the users even noticing it. They’ve built their system assuming that services can fail all the time, so individual services that could be failing are not doing too much, so they can’t ruin the experience of using Spotify. Amazon Embraced The DevOps Philosophy With Microservices Amazon has also migrated to microservices.They get countless calls from a variety of applications, including applications that manage the web service API as well as the website itself, which would have been simply impossible for their old, two-tiered architecture to handle. In 2001, the Amazon.com retail website was a large architectural monolith. It was architected in multiple tiers, and those tiers had many components in them, but they were coupled together very tightly, and behaved like one big monolith. They had a large number of developers working on one big monolithic website, and even though each one of these developers only worked on a very small piece of that application, they still needed to deal with the overhead of coordinating their changes with everyone else who was also working on the same project. When they were adding a new feature or making a bugfix, they needed to make sure that the change was not going to break something else on that project. If they wanted to update a shared library to take advantage of a new feature, they needed to convince everyone else on that project to upgrade to the new shared library at the same time. If they wanted to make a quick fix – to push out to their customers quickly – they couldn’t just do it on their own schedule, they had to coordinate that with all the other developers who have been processed changes at the same time. In the early 2000’s Amazon even had an engineering group whose sole job was to take new versions of the application and manually push it across Amazon’s production environment.  It was a very long and complex process, it was hell. It was frustrating for the software engineers, and most importantly, it was slowing down the software development lifecycle, the ability to innovate, so they made architectural and organizational changes. These big changes began on an architectural level: Amazon went through its monolithic application into a Service Oriented Architecture. Amazon also implemented changes in how their organization operated. They broke down their one, central, hierarchical product development team into small, “two-pizza teams." They wanted teams so small that they could feed them with just two pizzas. Each of these teams was given full ownership of one or a few microservices. So they were defining their own feature roadmap, designing their features, implementing their features, then testing, deploying and operating them. After all these changes were made, Amazon dramatically improved its front-end development lifecycle. Now the product teams can quickly make decisions and crank out new features for their microservices. Now the company makes 50 million deployments a year, thanks to the microservice architecture and their continuous delivery processes. Discover the six challenges and best practices in managing microservice performance, brought to you in partnership with AppDynamics. Like This Article? Read More From DZone Wait! Don’t Write Your Microservice…Yet Diagramming Microservices With the C4 Model Need Help Delivering Microservices And Container-Based Apps? Free DZone Refcard RESTful API Lifecycle Management DOWNLOAD Topics: microservices ,software development ,microarchitecture ,integration ,containers Like (2) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Published at DZone with permission of Ekaterina Novoseltseva. See the original article here. Opinions expressed by DZone contributors are their own. Integration Partner Resources iPaaS vs. iPaaS+: The High Cost of the Wrong Choice Liaison Technologies API Strategy & Architecture eBook CA Technologies Don't Let ESB Slow You Down Liaison Technologies Creating REST APIs to Enable Your Connected World White Paper CA Technologies Microservices Sprawl: How Not To Be Overun AppDynamics Tutorial: Deploying the Dockerized 3scale API Gateway on Red Hat OpenShift 3Scale O'Reilly Microservice Architecture Book: Aligning Principles, Practices and Culture CA Technologies Delivering Security Through Modern API Architecture 3Scale Top 6 Performance Challenges in Managing Microservices AppDynamics How to Build (and Scale) with Microservices AppDynamics Achieving Enterprise Agility with Microservices and API Management 3Scale The Definitive Guide to API Integrations: Explore API Integrations Below the Surface [eBook] Cloud Elements THE DZONE NEWSLETTER Dev Resources & Solutions Straight to Your Inbox Submit Thanks for subscribing! Awesome! Check your inbox to verify your email so you can start receiving the latest in tech news and resources. X {{ editionName }} {{ node.blurb }} Free {{node.type}} {{ ::node.title }} {{ parent.title || parent.header.title}} {{ parent.tldr }} {{ parent.linkDescription }} {{ parent.urlSource.name }} by {{ parent.authors[0].realName || parent.author}} · {{ parent.articleDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} {{ parent.linkDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} · {{ parent.portal.name }} Zone Tweet {{ parent.views }} ViewsClicks Edit Delete {{ parent.isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ parent.isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }}
MetroNews Canada MetroNews Canada Sorry, MetroNews.ca requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and refresh the page for an optimal experience. Home News Calgary Edmonton Halifax Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Canada World Views Entertainment Life Food Money Health Travel Technology Careers Wheels.ca Business Sports Your Home Horoscopes Games Features Special Features Contests Flyers News / Canada Fort McMurray One Year Later: 'We had nothing' One family on rebuilding life post-fire The Hanifan family lost everything when wildfires devastated Fort McMurray. Despite that, they are committed to rebuilding their lives and their community. Share on Facebook A A Report an Error Share via Email Print Jennifer Friesen / Metro Order this photo Rodney and Gail Hanifan lost everything in the wildfires of Fort McMurray, Alta. But they count themselves among the lucky ones. By: Alex Boyd Metro Published on Sitting in the parking lot of an Edmonton Wal-Mart, her family’s home in flames 400 km away down a jammed highway, it all caught up with Gail Hanifan. Her sister went in to grab supplies, but Gail was frozen. “I just said, ‘What am I going to get?’” she recalled, before pausing, her voice quiet. “I knew in my heart that we had nothing.”  So began the Hanifans journey to rebuilding their life in Fort McMurray. It’s been almost a year since a runaway wildfire changed course and smashed into the northern Alberta city, forcing the rushed evacuation of almost 90,000 people and causing more damage than any other disaster in Canadian history. While stories abound of people choosing not to go back, the Hanifan family remains committed to the town they say is unlike anywhere else. Gail and Rodney Hanifan, with their children Gail and Rodney Jr., pictured in Waterways, their former Fort McMurray neighbourhood. Originally from New Brunswick, Gail and her husband Rodney first moved west for the jobs almost 20 years ago. They went back east once, but returned for good because of what they say is an unusually hardworking, family-oriented community. “I have so much love for this place, it changed my life like no other,” Gail said, recounting the events of last May from their new rental home in the city they were once forced to flee. Their two kids, aged 15 and 12, were born in Fort McMurray, and she credits the boomtown with making them a family. Waiting out the evacuation first in an Edmonton hotel, then in a borrowed camper, Rodney says they never talked about whether or not they’d come back. It was just a fact. They stress they are among the lucky ones. Their kids were safe, and they were able to grab their two small dogs before running out the door. But they lost almost everything in their house. Gail’s hunch that it was all gone was confirmed when a pilot friend snapped pictures of where their house once stood in the Waterways neighbourhood. The only things visible were iron skeletons of their cars sticking out of a pile of ash. After a month the family could head back north, but undamaged rental properties were few and far between. They were always renters in Fort Mac, and in hindsight consider themselves lucky they aren’t fighting with insurance companies like so many of their neighbours. Though they're looking now to buy a house, they found a rental in the meantime and got to work replacing what they could, from the plates and dishes in the kitchen to the leafy houseplant in the living room. But the irreplaceable things — their wedding video, the letter Gail wrote for her daughter when she was a baby, or the video diary she made for her son — are gone. “Those things I grieved the most for,” she said. Jennifer Friesen/For Metro Gail Hanifan reflects on some of the irreplaceable things lost in the Fort McMurray fire. Luck has given them a hand, though. When they were first married Rodney bought a painting for Gail, of a view of the beach, looking out a window. It was one of the lost things that made her sad, so one day she did a quick Kijiji search — and an identical print popped up. She tracked down the seller, and now it hangs in their kitchen. “There's not many days that you don't think about what happened, but it doesn't rule your life, it doesn’t shape who you are,” Rodney said. He tires of the negative stereotypes of Fort McMurray, that it’s just a soulless industry town, and says they’re dedicated to rebuilding the place they know, the one that made them a family. One of the first steps: marking almost one year since the fires broke out by hosting 20 friends for an Easter feast. “We've had bigger events here than the fire.” Related The rebuild of Alberta's boomtown has 'a long way to go' Evacuation: What rescuers learned from facing a 'worst case scenario' About this series: Every day this week Metro is going back to Fort McMurray, one year after the costliest disaster Canada has ever seen, to check in on the successes, challenges and future of rebuilding. Editors' Picks Power of female surgeons unmasked thanks to a magazine cover Great Barrier Grief: Australia's treasure is dying Video: Rare drone footage shows why blue whales can be such picky eaters 'Operation Vandelay Industries' nabs fake architect named Newman More on Metronews.ca Most Popular How San Francisco fixed parking for everyone Seven warning signs of a bad debt customer Trump takes first swing in lumber war: tariff of 20 per cent on Canadian lumber Military helicopters to fly low across Nova Scotia this week, including American Black Hawk Back to Mobile About About Us Contact Careers RSS Feeds Terms Advertising Terms Terms and Conditions Privacy Code Metronews.ca My Metro Store Contests Metro Panel Special Features FAQ © Copyright Free Daily News Group Inc. 2001-2017 Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds AP Prosecutor sues Florida governor over death penalty cases By Tina Burnside and Darran Simon, CNN 1 hr ago A Florida prosecutor sued Gov. Rick Scott on Tuesday for stripping her office of nearly two dozen first-degree murder cases because she refused to consider the death penalty. In the lawsuit filed in federal court, Aramis Ayala challenges Scott's decision to reassign 23 homicide cases to another prosecutor. Ayala, state attorney for the 9th Judicial Circuit, argues the move violated her constitutional rights, harmed her reputation and deprived those who elected her "of the benefit of their votes." "The governor did not take this drastic step because of any misconduct on Ayala's part, but simply because he disagreed with her reasoned prosecutorial determination not to seek the death penalty under current circumstances," the lawsuit says. Scott signed executive orders on March 16, April 3 and April 6 that reassigned the cases to 5th Judicial Circuit State Attorney Brad King, also named as a defendant in the suit. Dispute started with Markeith Loyd case The showdown between Scott and Ayala started when Ayala announced her decision not to seek the death penalty in the high-profile case of Markeith Loyd, accused of killing a police officer, or future cases her office prosecutes. Loyd was captured on January 17 after a nationwide manhunt. He was indicted about a month later in the December 13 shooting death of his ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon, 24, and in the January 9 death of Orlando police Lt. Debra Clayton, 42, outside a Walmart. "The moment I heard that she had decided not to prosecute Markeith Loyd to the full extent of the law, it bothered me personally," the governor said Tuesday, CNN affiliate WFTV reported. "(Loyd) is accused of murdering a pregnant girlfriend. He's accused of shooting officer Debra Clayton, and when she's down walking up to her and pummeling her with bullets so she died," the governor said in remarks to reporters posted on the Orlando Sentinel website. Scott said he asked Ayala to recuse herself from the Loyd case in March. When she wouldn't, he said he reassigned it to King. King could not be reached on Tuesday. The governor cited the Dixon and Clayton families and that of Orange County Sheriff's Deputy Norman Lewis, who died in a crash during the manhunt for Loyd. "These families deserve a state attorney who will aggressively prosecute Loyd to the fullest extent of the law and justice must be served," he said in a statement Tuesday. Ayala argues that state law gives her "absolute" discretion in deciding whether and how to prosecute cases. The defendants violated her rights "when they assumed the authority to veto the prosecutorial discretion of an independent elected official," the suit says. The lawsuit claims Scott chose King as Ayala's replacement because of his "well-known" public support for the death penalty. Scott's decision was "motivated by a specific desire to influence the course of capital prosecutions in Ayala's circuit," the suit says. Ayala seeks an injunction ordering Scott to reinstate her as prosecutor on the pending cases and barring him from replacing her with any other state official. She also seeks an injunction prohibiting King from assuming her duties. "State Attorney Aramis Ayala has the right to use her discretion to determine how and to what extent she's going to prosecute cases in her district. That is the right that the voters gave her," said her attorney, Roy Austin of Washington, D.C. Ayala says in her suit that she, not King, was elected by voters in her circuit. She became Florida's first African-American state attorney when she was elected in November 2016. Her term began in January. Governor, prosecutor say they prioritize victims Scott and Ayala have cast their positions as a fight for justice, and said their stances consider the families of victims. "State Attorney Ayala's complete refusal to consider capital punishment for the entirety of her term sends an unacceptable message that she is not interested in considering every available option in the fight for justice," Scott said in a statement earlier this month. Scott said Tuesday he would continue to review cases "because I'm going to think about the victim and I'm going to think about the victim's family." In her lawsuit, Ayala says she was willing to seek a death sentence in "appropriate" cases earlier in her career and held that belief throughout her campaign for state attorney. Ayala says she came her decision to seek life without parole in Loyd's case after researching the law and the facts the case. She says she also met with victims' families, reviewed files from other cases and spoke with other individuals involved in the criminal justice system, the lawsuit said. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. In her March 16 public announcement not to seek the death penalty, Ayala said capital punishment in Florida had led to "chaos, uncertainty, and turmoil." Ayala argued then that evidence has shown the death penalty is overly expensive, slow, inhumane and does not increase public safety. She said after "extensive and painstaking thought and consideration," she determined that pursing the death penalty "is not in the best interest of this community or the best interest of justice." "Some victims will support and some will surely oppose my decision," Ayala said then. "But I have learned that the death penalty traps many victims, families in a decades-long cycle of uncertainty, court hearings, appeals and waiting." Her lawsuit claims she "was not categorically refusing to ever seek a death sentence" during the Lloyd press conference. There may be cases in which "I think the death penalty may be appropriate because of the egregiousness of the offense," she said then, according to the suit. Ayala: Scott 'mischaracterized' her stance Ayala's suit said the governor asked her to recuse herself when she called him before her March announcement. "She refused and asked him for the opportunity to explain her position. He declined and ended the call after less than 30 seconds," the lawsuit says. The governor issued his March 16 executive order soon after removing her from the Loyd case. The order "mischaracterized Ayala's careful weighing of the circumstances," the lawsuit says. Civil rights groups applauded Ayala's decision, but Orlando police Chief John Mina and victims' families criticized it and urged her to recuse herself from Loyd case. This month, King filed a notice that he intends to seek the death penalty against Loyd. Capital punishment was recently in limbo in Florida for a brief period. The US Supreme Court ruled in January 2016 that Florida's death penalty process was unconstitutional because it let judges have the final say, even when a jury's decision was not unanimous. The governor signed a bill into law in March abolishing non-unanimous jury recommendations for death and requiring unanimous jury recommendations before a trial judge may impose a death sentence. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Cnn Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses ROBERT D BLEZA M.D. 115 EAST 113TH AVENUE, CROWN POINT, IN 46307 Edward Jones - Kevin Kaminski 19870 Kedzie Avenue, Flssmoor, IL 60422 Angelo's Prime Market 1542 US Highway 41, Schererville, IN 46375 JOURNEY SENIOR LIVING OF MERRILLVILLE 7900 RHODE ISLAND STREET, MERRILLVILLE, IN 46410 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 53° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy skies with gusty winds developing during the afternoon. High 81F. Winds SSE at 20 to 30 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy with an isolated thunderstorm possible after midnight. Low 64F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 30%. Updated: April 25, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Multimedia AP Prosecutor sues Florida governor over death penalty cases By Tina Burnside and Darran Simon, CNN 1 hr ago (…) A Florida prosecutor sued Gov. Rick Scott on Tuesday for stripping her office of nearly two dozen first-degree murder cases because she refused to consider the death penalty. In the lawsuit filed in federal court, Aramis Ayala challenges Scott's decision to reassign 23 homicide cases to another prosecutor. Ayala, state attorney for the 9th Judicial Circuit, argues the move violated her constitutional rights, harmed her reputation and deprived those who elected her "of the benefit of their votes." "The governor did not take this drastic step because of any misconduct on Ayala's part, but simply because he disagreed with her reasoned prosecutorial determination not to seek the death penalty under current circumstances," the lawsuit says. Scott signed executive orders on March 16, April 3 and April 6 that reassigned the cases to 5th Judicial Circuit State Attorney Brad King, also named as a defendant in the suit. Dispute started with Markeith Loyd case The showdown between Scott and Ayala started when Ayala announced her decision not to seek the death penalty in the high-profile case of Markeith Loyd, accused of killing a police officer, or future cases her office prosecutes. Loyd was captured on January 17 after a nationwide manhunt. He was indicted about a month later in the December 13 shooting death of his ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon, 24, and in the January 9 death of Orlando police Lt. Debra Clayton, 42, outside a Walmart. "The moment I heard that she had decided not to prosecute Markeith Loyd to the full extent of the law, it bothered me personally," the governor said Tuesday, CNN affiliate WFTV reported. "(Loyd) is accused of murdering a pregnant girlfriend. He's accused of shooting officer Debra Clayton, and when she's down walking up to her and pummeling her with bullets so she died," the governor said in remarks to reporters posted on the Orlando Sentinel website. Scott said he asked Ayala to recuse herself from the Loyd case in March. When she wouldn't, he said he reassigned it to King. King could not be reached on Tuesday. The governor cited the Dixon and Clayton families and that of Orange County Sheriff's Deputy Norman Lewis, who died in a crash during the manhunt for Loyd. "These families deserve a state attorney who will aggressively prosecute Loyd to the fullest extent of the law and justice must be served," he said in a statement Tuesday. Ayala argues that state law gives her "absolute" discretion in deciding whether and how to prosecute cases. The defendants violated her rights "when they assumed the authority to veto the prosecutorial discretion of an independent elected official," the suit says. The lawsuit claims Scott chose King as Ayala's replacement because of his "well-known" public support for the death penalty. Scott's decision was "motivated by a specific desire to influence the course of capital prosecutions in Ayala's circuit," the suit says. Ayala seeks an injunction ordering Scott to reinstate her as prosecutor on the pending cases and barring him from replacing her with any other state official. She also seeks an injunction prohibiting King from assuming her duties. "State Attorney Aramis Ayala has the right to use her discretion to determine how and to what extent she's going to prosecute cases in her district. That is the right that the voters gave her," said her attorney, Roy Austin of Washington, D.C. Ayala says in her suit that she, not King, was elected by voters in her circuit. She became Florida's first African-American state attorney when she was elected in November 2016. Her term began in January. Governor, prosecutor say they prioritize victims Scott and Ayala have cast their positions as a fight for justice, and said their stances consider the families of victims. "State Attorney Ayala's complete refusal to consider capital punishment for the entirety of her term sends an unacceptable message that she is not interested in considering every available option in the fight for justice," Scott said in a statement earlier this month. Scott said Tuesday he would continue to review cases "because I'm going to think about the victim and I'm going to think about the victim's family." In her lawsuit, Ayala says she was willing to seek a death sentence in "appropriate" cases earlier in her career and held that belief throughout her campaign for state attorney. Ayala says she came her decision to seek life without parole in Loyd's case after researching the law and the facts the case. She says she also met with victims' families, reviewed files from other cases and spoke with other individuals involved in the criminal justice system, the lawsuit said. In her March 16 public announcement not to seek the death penalty, Ayala said capital punishment in Florida had led to "chaos, uncertainty, and turmoil." Ayala argued then that evidence has shown the death penalty is overly expensive, slow, inhumane and does not increase public safety. She said after "extensive and painstaking thought and consideration," she determined that pursing the death penalty "is not in the best interest of this community or the best interest of justice." "Some victims will support and some will surely oppose my decision," Ayala said then. "But I have learned that the death penalty traps many victims, families in a decades-long cycle of uncertainty, court hearings, appeals and waiting." Her lawsuit claims she "was not categorically refusing to ever seek a death sentence" during the Lloyd press conference. There may be cases in which "I think the death penalty may be appropriate because of the egregiousness of the offense," she said then, according to the suit. Ayala: Scott 'mischaracterized' her stance Ayala's suit said the governor asked her to recuse herself when she called him before her March announcement. "She refused and asked him for the opportunity to explain her position. He declined and ended the call after less than 30 seconds," the lawsuit says. The governor issued his March 16 executive order soon after removing her from the Loyd case. The order "mischaracterized Ayala's careful weighing of the circumstances," the lawsuit says. Civil rights groups applauded Ayala's decision, but Orlando police Chief John Mina and victims' families criticized it and urged her to recuse herself from Loyd case. This month, King filed a notice that he intends to seek the death penalty against Loyd. Capital punishment was recently in limbo in Florida for a brief period. The US Supreme Court ruled in January 2016 that Florida's death penalty process was unconstitutional because it let judges have the final say, even when a jury's decision was not unanimous. The governor signed a bill into law in March abolishing non-unanimous jury recommendations for death and requiring unanimous jury recommendations before a trial judge may impose a death sentence. View (…) comments Most popular 7-Eleven worker on smoke break kills would-be robber in shootout at St. Louis store Married couple in their 80s found dead in apparent murder-suicide in West County home Woman killed in multi-vehicle crash on I-270 in Maryland Heights, police say New St. Louis mayor on her to-do list, political foes and getting 'remarried' to the county Erin Moran, Joanie Cunningham in "Happy Days," dies at 56 For more photography and videos Latest in section iParty: The Beach Boys and The Temptations play the Family Arena iParty: A Perfect Circle plays Chaifetz Arena Messenger: Was pushing out Chief Dotson rash or bold? Next steps will tell. 2 Bens in a Benz: Jake 'The Ssssnake' Allen leads the way Photos: Blues fall 2-0 to Wild in Game 4 Quick links Historic pages Interactive quizzes Page reprints Photo reprints Winning submissions will be featured in a special section in the Post-Dispatch on May 7. Help a Variety kid Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
MENU Home Login Subscription Options CREATE NEW – Home Delivery Subscription MAKE HOME DELIVERY PAYMENT HERE CREATE NEW – Online Only Subscription Contact UFO Store PUZZLES Crosswords Sudoku How to Clear Cache MENU Newspaper E-Newpaper Sunday Comics NEWS Local News Local News Local News Dining Guide Dining Guide Local Business Review Local Business Review Positively Roswell Positively Roswell Vistas Sports Local Sports AP Auto Racing AP Baseball AP Basketball AP Football AP Golf AP Soccer AP Tennis Obituaries In Memory Records Public/Police Public Record Police Blotter Classifieds Listings Local Classifieds Listings Legal Notice Ads Opinion Editorial Editorial Dear Editor Magazines Lifestyles Travel & Dining Guide Screens Magazine Vision Magazine Special Sections AP News News Feed Business Entertainment National News State News World News 1 Username: 1 Sidewalk benefits walkers, handicapped April 24, 2017 • Dear Editor I would like to take exception to the apparent views expressed by one of your readers regarding the sidewalk and handicapped ramps being installed on the northwest side of Main Street. 1. It is disturbing that someone would take issue with handicapped accessibility (note the earlier author’s reference to using electric chairs to go to Wal-Mart). Some folks do not have easily accessible means of transportation. Sidewalks seem like a wonderful [auth] way for folks to have additional shopping/community access; 2. Walking facing traffic is much safer since it is easier to see the occasional hurried driver turning into a business in front of you while you are in a crossing area in front of said business. 3. How many times has the writer of the earlier letter walked in many of the neighborhoods? There are tree roots uplifting many of the stones making for uneven footing, especially during early morning and late evening when the light is dim. An article in the RDR within the last year noted that it was an owner’s responsibility to maintain a sidewalk in front of his/her residence, but failure to do so was not enforced. I have found walking in the street facing traffic a much safer alternative to using many of the neighborhood sidewalks. 4. Some areas have no sidewalks or sidewalks end abruptly. These are just a few reasons that I am happy to see the installation of the sidewalk on the northwest side of Main Street. Not only is there disabled access but many of the visitors (as well as residents) who enjoy walking can go from the north part of town to the south safely. Margaret Johnson Roswell Related Posts About the Author: - RDR Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Corruption seen in hourly workers Civic clubs make community better » Business Review Roswell Federal Credit Union – A Financial Cooperative Dining Guide El Toro Bravo Positively Roswell Mildred Swenson celebrates 102 years 69-year-old accused of ramming truck in road rage incident April 24, 2017 Judge sides with New Mexico in dispute over gaming compact April 24, 2017 Federal law prompts spike in New Mexico name change requests April 24, 2017 New Mexico senator criticized for stalling Latino appointee April 24, 2017 New Mexico Supreme Court agrees to hear state budget dispute April 24, 2017 Officials: Woman accused of DWI after crashing car 3 times April 22, 2017 Police trying to ID suspect in store incident before crash April 22, 2017 Police: Woman killed by own car in apparent accident April 22, 2017 Teenagers arrested in beating death of Torrance County woman April 22, 2017 Young entrepreneurs launch their own startups in Las Cruces April 22, 2017 © 2017 Roswell Daily Record | Roswell Area News | Proudly sponsoring The Roswell Incident Project since 2016! Web directory script
Classifieds Careers Autos Rentals Submit An Ad Obituaries Our Partners My Local Flyers Vitamin Daily Classifieds Classifieds Careers Autos Rentals Submit An Ad Obituaries My Local Flyers Vitamin Daily Digital Edition Our Partners My Local Flyers Vitamin Daily Home News Local News Lakeland Mills Disaster Legebokoff Trial Author bios Opinion Editorial Columnists Letters Send us a letter Sports Hockey Catch of the Day Entertainment Local A & E Events Submit Event Alphabet Project Kid Scoop Links Raise a Reader Horoscopes Washington Post Profiles of Excellence Photos Contests Circulation Vacation Stop Delivery Problem Carrier Application Raise a Reader Flyers X The Friday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories The Canadian Press February 10, 2017 01:50 PM Highlights from the news file for Friday, Feb. 10. ——— TRUDEAU SETS STAGE FOR MEETING WITH TRUMP: Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says areas where he disagrees with U.S. President Donald Trump will be addressed in a respectful way when the two men meet Monday. Trudeau has been walking a communications tightrope in recent days, refusing to speak directly to the president's executive order banning immigrants from seven majority-Muslim countries. Trudeau, who was in Yellowknife Friday, says there are many areas where he sees eye-to-eye with Trump, including jobs for the middle class and economic growth. ——— TRUDEAU DEFENDS HANDLING OF ELECTORAL REFORM: Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says he abandoned a promise to overhaul Canada's electoral system because he was afraid the result would be political discord and instability. He told a town hall in Yellowknife that he knows people are disappointed but suggests he's prepared to accept the political consequences, whatever they may be. He explained that the idea of a ranked ballot was abandoned because too many people believed it would be a system that would favour the governing Liberals. ——— QUEBEC STUDENT BLOCKED FROM ENTERING U.S.: A Quebec student athlete is mystified as to why he was barred from entering the U.S. this week. Yassine Aber underwent a five-hour interrogation in which he was asked about religion and his Moroccan roots. The track and field athlete with the Universite de Sherbrooke said he was travelling to a weekend competition in Boston on Thursday when he ran into trouble at the Stanstead crossing on the Quebec-Vermont border. Aber was told he did not have a valid passport or visa to enter the country. Aber, who was born and raised in Sherbrooke, Que., says his Canadian passport is valid and does not expire until 2026. ——— TRUMP SAYS HE'LL PREVAIL ON TRAVEL BAN: U.S. President Donald Trump says his administration will do whatever is necessary to keep the country safe. And he says he has "no doubt" that he will win the court fight over his travel ban. His comments at a news conference came hours after Trump tweeted that Wednesday's appeals court decision on the ban was "disgraceful." The court ruled against reinstating the refugee and immigration order. Speaking at a White House news conference with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Trump says the administration will continue to work the case through the court process ——— PAYPAL FREEZES MEDIA ORGANIZATION'S ACCOUNT: A community newspaper's payment to enter a feel-good story about a family of Syrian refugees in an awards competition prompted PayPal to freeze the account of a national media organization as a suspicious transaction. The weekly Flin Flon Reminder entered the article as part of its submissions to the annual Canadian Community Newspaper Awards. Flin Flon publisher, Valerie Durnin, said when she tried to pay the $242.95 for the paper's entries, PayPal flagged the payment as possibly not in compliance with its "acceptable use policy." In an email, PayPal promised to follow up within 72 hours of its investigation, which it never did. Instead it reversed the payment. ——— CLASS ACTION SUIT FILED AGAINST WALMART CANADA: A Calgary-based law firm has launched a class-action suit against Walmart Canada, alleging the retailer sold potentially contaminated food after the Fort McMurray wildfire. The lawsuit seeks damages for anyone who was not refunded for food that had to be thrown out — whether or not it was contaminated — as well as anyone who got sick. The Alberta government has charged Walmart with 174 violations of the province's Public Health Act. Some of the charges include failing to dispose of food items, including candy, potato chips, beans and condiments. Walmart did not comment on the allegations, which have not been proven in court. ——— JOBLESS RATE FALLS MARGINALLY: Canada's jobless rate dropped marginally in January to 6.8 per cent from 6.9 per cent. Statistics Canada says there was an increase in part-time jobs and a lesser gain in full time work. Economists described the overall job growth as "very impressive" and "remarkably strong." ——— CANADA'S EAST AND WEST COASTS GET BLAST OF WINTER: Snow storms caused havoc in both the Atlantic provinces and British Columbia's south coast Friday. Drivers in parts of the Maritimes faced snow squalls and blinding whiteouts as a fast-moving winter storm blew into Atlantic Canada. Parts of southwestern New Brunswick ended up with more than 30 centimetres of snow. The storm in British Columbia tied traffic in knots between the south coast and the interior. ——— POLICE TO SKIP CANADA'S LARGEST PRIDE PARADE: Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders says his force won't participate in the city's annual pride parade. Saunders pointed to divisions within the LGBTQ community as the primary reason for his decision, but emphasized it "will have no impact" on the force's outreach efforts. The presence of police in the parade emerged as a contentious issue when the parade was interrupted last summer by a protest from the local chapter of Black Lives Matter. ——— BC PREMIER APOLOGIZES FOR HACKING CLAIM: British Columbia Premier Christy Clark has apologized to New Democrat Leader John Horgan over her accusations that the Opposition was involved in criminal hacking of her Liberal party's website. Clark said she made a mistake and jumped to conclusions. The apology came as an Independent member of the legislature came forward to say her staff had access to the private information — without any attempt at hacking. Vicki Huntington says her staff uncovered the private information on the B.C. Liberals website while looking for 2016 donations to the party. ——— © Copyright 2017 Prince George Citizen Email to a Friend Your Email Address: * Your Name: * To Email Address: * Message: * * Please separate multiple email addresses with the semi-colon character. Close next Murder trial begins › next Sign Up For Our e-Newsletter! City Matters Your City Matters - City of Prince George Popular Citizen You Might Like Most Read Most Recent Murder trial begins April 24, 2017 Court docket for April 17 to 20 April 24, 2017 One killed in four-vehicle pileup April 21, 2017 Search continues for possible bridge jumper April 24, 2017 Cause of McBride mill fire determined April 24, 2017 Collision count drops by half at high-risk intersections April 24, 2017 There's no good way to deal with trolls, so you might as well tattle to their moms January 2, 2017 Auction mall open for bids April 21, 2017 Store offering Free Shoe Day today April 21, 2017 Food trends of 2015: veggies as the main, fermented foods, mangoes, local grains January 7, 2015 Palfy bounces to nationals berth April 24, 2017 Kelowna player tops table tennis tourney April 24, 2017 Mining sector shines for province April 24, 2017 Even the lawn signs are bored April 24, 2017 Please, please watch the leadership debate April 24, 2017 Ellis keeps Islanders afloat in win April 24, 2017 Hot goalie too much for Cariboo Cats April 24, 2017 Spruce Kings Show Home draw approaching April 24, 2017 Park, trail upgrades planned this year April 24, 2017 Vancouver man engaging voters one sandwich at a time April 24, 2017 Assisting the homeless POLL What do you believe is the most important way to assist homeless citizens of Prince George? Employment More Shelters Outreach workers Affordable housing · Treatment and/or mental health or  view results Community Event Calendar Find out what's happening in your community and submit your own local events. Add an event See all community events Sign Up For Our Newsletter! Have the Prince George Citizen delivered to your inbox every day! You can unsubscribe any time, or contact us with any questions. Email:* Close Glacier Papers Alaska Highway News Pipeline News North Times Colonist Burnaby Now The Tri-Cities Now Delta-Optimist Royal City Record North Shore News Richmond News Vancouver Courier Other Sections About Us Advertising Circulation Contact Us Privacy Policy & User Agreement PG Pics Scene Sweetheart Bridal Newspapers in Education Real Estate Weekly Special Sections TV Listings Connect Back to top © Copyright 2017 Glacier Community Media Sponsored content is content which is paid for and has been written by or on behalf of an advertiser. For more information on sponsored content, contact us at tshoults@glaciermedia.ca.
My account Change My Password Logout Search Autos Homes Careers Classified Obituaries Postmedia Tuesday, April 25, 2017 North Bay, ON 3° Mainly clear Sponsored by: Canadore College Home News Sports Entertainment Life Money Opinion Events UR Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Photos Videos Contests Polls Weather My Flyers Playoff Pool Frugal Fridays More Local Ontario Canada World News Ontario Family pleads for location of body from murderer during sentencing in Peterborough   By Jessica Nyznik, Postmedia Monday, April 24, 2017 11:01:55 EDT PM Andrew Watson leaves Peterborough Superior Court of Justice on Monday after getting a life sentence for the first-degree murder of Lise Fredette in 2014. JESSICA NYZNIK/Postmedia Tweet Change text size for the story Print Report an error Lise Fredette's children pleaded with their mother's killer to tell them where her body is. "If you ever loved my mom, like you said you did, the only decent thing to do would be to tell us where my mom is so we can put an end to all this," said Nathalie Leclerc, Ms. Fredette's daughter. Leclerc read her victim impact statement in court Monday during Andrew Watson's sentencing. He was convicted of the first-degree murder of Ms. Fredette on Thursday. Ms. Fredette's daughter cried as she addressed the man who killed her mom. Watson sat with his head down in the prisoner's box. He opted out of wearing the court's headset to help him hear. "I'm not interested," Watson told his lawyer when he tried to give him the headset. Leclerc went to her mother's house Nov. 13, 2014 after receiving a phone call from Walmart saying her mom hadn't shown up to work. "That day in November when I walked into my mom's driveway - the day that changed our life forever - I could not ever imagine...that someone had killed my mother," said Leclerc. Ms. Fredette was last seen the night before by the co-worker she dropped off on her way home. Despite numerous police and community searches, her body has never been found. Watson, 79, stalked his ex-girlfriend before eventually attacking her in her driveway, killing her and hiding the body. "I used to love going to my mom's place. It was such a happy and comforting place...now it has become a scary place, because I know that's where my mom was killed," Leclerc said. A mother of two, Leclerc said her mother didn't deserve what happened to her and Ms. Fredette's family didn't deserve what Watson was continuing to do by not letting them lay her to rest. "I hope that some day, Andy, you can find it in your heart to please tell us where my mom is," she said. The courtroom was filled with friends of Ms. Fredette's. Five of the 12 jurors in the trial also sat in on the sentencing. Watson received a life sentence with no chance of parole for 25 years. His Subaru was also confiscated by the Crown. Ms. Fredette's son also read a statement he'd written. "What happened, Andy? You told me and promised me you'd never hurt my mom," said Stéphane Leclerc. Watson and Fredette, 74, dated off and on for a few years, ending the relationship for good in April 2014. Stéphane said he used to think of Watson as a gentlemen, as someone he respected. They'd shared drinks together and family dinners. "Little did I know, you'd be the demise of my family," he said. Ms. Fredette's son told Watson he was denying the family the most basic and the last act of respect and decency they could offer Ms. Fredette. "Be a man and do the right thing by allowing us to give our mother the respect and dignity as she so rightly deserves," he said. Stéphane asked for a moment to recognize his mother, Lorraine Roach and her children and Joanne MacKenzie and her daughter - all women who've disappeared. Unlike Ms. Fredette and Ms. MacKenzie, whose former boyfriend's were convicted of their murders, Roach's disappearance has not led to any criminal charges. "Their sudden disappearances...have left gaping holes where there was once a family unit," Stéphane said.   Featured Businesses Contact us to Advertise » Insurance Nancy Kirkham - Certified Financial Planner Education International Baccalaureate Program Services DOMES ELECTRIC Go to the Marketplace » Local Businesses Advertise with us Contribute Send Your Scoop! Share your story, photo or video about something you've seen. Send your story Subscription Start your day with North Bay Nugget Choose among a variety of subscription packages and stay up to date with convenient home delivery and our on the go digital e-edition. View my options North Bay View, submit, participate! Advertise Advertise online Announce your business Reach potential customers Contribute Send us news, photos or videos Add an event to the calendar Follow North Bay Nugget Search News Local Ontario Canada World Sports High School Sports Local Hockey Hockey Basketball Baseball Football Soccer Lacrosse Curling Other Sports Playoff Pool Entertainment Local Movies Music Television Celebrities Life Health Food Travel Opinion Editorial Letters Column UR Entertainment Life Money News Opinion Sports Money Events Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Photos Videos Contests Polls Weather My Flyers Playoff Pool Frugal Fridays Subscribe Print E-Edition Advertise Online Print North Bay Nugget Feedback Letters to the editor Postmedia Publications Where to buy Services Autos Canoe Careers Classifieds Homes Obituaries Sitemap Privacy Terms Research Contact-us © 2017 North Bay Nugget. All rights reserved. A member of Sun Media Community Newspapers part of Postmedia Network. Powered by Fatwire
Home Weather 49° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Your Pics Video Blazers Prep Sports Contests More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Your Pics Video Blazers Prep Sports Contests Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Breaking News Warriors sweep Trail Blazers with 128-103 win Close Apple makes big environmental investment in Oregon Apple launches Oregon solar/wind farms Nina Mehlhaf, KGW 9:27 PM. PDT April 24, 2017 A wind farm in Gilliam County, Oregon. (Photo: KGW) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST PORTLAND, Ore. -- One of the world's biggest brands is making an environmental investment in Oregon. Apple has announced it's financing two solar panel and wind farms in Central Oregon. The electricity they'll generate will power Apple's three data centers near Bend. It's going to save enough fossil fuels to power 65,000 homes every year. Experts are hoping a company as big as Apple is enough to push others like Walmart and Facebook, which has also data centers in Oregon, into the same mindset. From Portland, if you fly over the Cascades and zoom in on Southwest Millican Road in Prineville, Google Earth shows nothing but juniper and sagebrush. But under construction there right now, is a huge solar panel farm, commissioned for Apple. It will be completed next year. In their environmental report released on Earth Day, the company says 100 percent of the solar energy harnessed at the farm will go to power the company's three data centers a few miles away. Farther north in Gilliam County, Apple says it's also backing construction of a new wind turbine farm to funnel power back to Prineville. Apple's goal is to have all it's facilities worldwide on renewable energy. "You need to have leaders in this kind of thing," said Rachel Shimshak, executive director of Renewable Northwest. Shimshak says not only is it great public relations for Apple to stop using fossil fuels, it's obviously good for the environment, it's getting comparable in price to regular electricity and it helps local counties with jobs and subsidies. "Customers really value companies who want to do well by the environment and I think Apple has stepped to the front of the line, along with others, to recognize what customers want from them and show they're going to give it to them." Facebook also has three data centers in Prineville, but hasn't delved into renewable energy yet in our state. It's because Oregon's Public Utility Commission doesn't make the "transition charge" cheap to switch from regular fossil fuels to solar or wind. Walmart agrees, saying it's not cost effective yet in Oregon. The legislature is working on it, but Apple didn't seem to mind. Shimsahk says you'll see more households and companies moving that way as more of these farms get built. "Over the next several years, the utilities are going to transfer out of coal resources and grow the amount of renewable resources that meet their needs," she said. Nike is another company that has made the transition to buying renewable energy in Oregon. According to research by the Portland Business Journal, Nike buys wind power from a plant in the Gorge. It's also beneficial for household customers. Right now, if you're a Portland General Electric or Pacific Power customer, you can call them and ask to switch to renewable energy. It might cost a few cents more a month, but Shimshak says it's getting closer to the same price every year. And instead of installing solar panels on your own roof, thanks to a new bill passed in 2016, soon you'll be able to invest in a community solar panel farm to share the electricity with your neighbors. © 2017 KGW-TV CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Boat hits whale near Whidbey Island Car of missing Camas teen found, body inside Ilani casino grand opening draws thousands American Airlines suspends flight attendant George Fox University student is missing Child molester assaults girl in her bedroom George Fox University student missing Raw video: Boat hits whale in Puget Sound Northeast Portland church hit with hateful graffiti Recycling is in trouble and you may be part of the problem More Stories Apple makes big environmental investment in Oregon Apr 24, 2017, 6:47 p.m. Warriors sweep Trail Blazers with 128-103 win Apr 24, 2017, 10:26 p.m. Man arrested after attack at Iraqi restaurant caught… Apr 24, 2017, 10:35 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather 7 Day Forecast Closings Weather Alerts Radars Live Cameras hyperlocal-radars More... Weather Blog Ski Reports Earthquakes Oregon River Levels Health Detail Location Search Local It's Portland KGW Investigates Business Crime Consumer Politics More... News Links Technology Live at 7 More Roseburg School Shootings Blogs Community Calendar Breaking Newsletters National Politics Vancouver News Clackamas County Willamette Valley Marion County North Coast News Eastern Oregon News Washington County Central Coast News Southern Oregon News Gresham News Central Oregon Western Washington Black Friday Community News Education Headlines On Demand Papal Visit Special Reports Oregon News Robotics /shred Homeless Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Ways to Save History Makers Pearl Harbor Year in Review If My Parents Only Knew Verify Nation Now /nation-now-old Traffic Alerts Cameras Gas Prices @KGWTraffic Maps TripCheck More... PDX Flight Updates Sports Olympics Blazers Timbers Mariners Ducks Beavers More... High School Sports Super Bowl More Vikings Winterhawks Seahawks Thorns NCAA Basketball Tournament Sports Sunday World Cup Features Entertainment Health Straight Talk Grants Getaways Drew Carney Portland Today More... Travel Cassidy Quinn Contests Magnify Money Gold Buyers More KGW Archive ACM Awards Actively Northwest Animals Crossword Cup of Joe Going Green Holidays Greater Portland Today Live @ 7 Mad About Movies Making a Difference Oscars Grammys Pets of the Day Rachel's Challenge redirect-contests Shot of the Day Redirect - Stepping Up Trending Today /getahead Sunrise Santa Tracker TD Jakes Station Break Growth Thankful Norad Santa Tracker Heart Month Redirect About Meet The Team Jobs Contact TV Listings Advertise with Us Closed Captioning More... Viewer Technical FAQs jobs redirect Quick Links Newslinks Community Calendar NBC Shows Contests Justice Network Connect With Us RSS E-mail Newsletters FAQ Terms Privacy FCC Public Inspection File Ad Choices Community Rules Conversation Guidelines Roku Cobrand Header Whats On NBC Cobrand Footer Survey © 2017 KGW-TV Services Advertise With Us KGW Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners NBC Cars.com Portland Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Search About Us Advertise Connect with Us facebook twitter youtube Menu News Weather People Celebrations Schools Edgewood Shades Cahaba Hall-Kent HMS HHS Private Schools Sports Businesses Restaurants Women of Homewood Columns Mayor's Minute Lauren Denton Editor's Perspective Letters to the Editor Calendar Videos About Us Our Staff Advertise News and Awards Weather Home News Council approves Wildwood development incentives, school demographer Council approves Wildwood development incentives, school demographer by SYDNEY CROMWELL April 24, 2017 9:31 PM Back to Search Results RSS Print × 1 of 2 Expand Sydney Cromwell Battalion Chief Brian Bonner Fire Chief John Bresnan, retiring Battalion Chief Brian Bonner and Mayor Scott McBrayer. × 2 of 2 Expand Sydney Cromwell Battalion Chief Brian Bonner Fire Chief John Bresnan recognizes retiring Battalion Chief Brian Bonner. Prev Next At tonight's meeting, the city council approved an incentive package for Oldacre McDonald, the firm that has purchased and plans to renovate the Wildwood South shopping center. The plans were first introduced last summer, and include two roundabouts, an inter-parking lot road, the construction of several new retail spaces, new monument signs, additional lighting, new paint, landscaping and metal awnings to replace the current fabric ones. Some work has already been in progress, including a new freestanding Starbucks building that the tenant will take possession of this Wednesday. The incentive plan approved tonight will split any increase in sales tax revenue on the property equally between the city and Oldacre McDonald. This does not include the percent of the tax allotted to schools, nor sales tax revenue from Walmart and Sam's Club. This agreement will last for 10 years and earnings are capped at up to $5 million in revenue during that time. Bill Oldacre, who was present tonight, said he remembers the shopping center's "glory days" of the 1990s and believes with renovation and new tenants, it can return to that success. However, he said recent years have given the center something of a reputation problem to overcome. "I saw that center at its heights, and I saw it on its way down," Oldacre said. "There's no reason it can't be successful." Since part of the shopping center is in Birmingham city limits, Oldacre McDonald has negotiated a separate incentive package for that area of the property. Birmingham council member Jay Roberson also spoke tonight in support of the incentive agreement. The council approved the agreement unanimously. They also voted to spend $30,000 from the proceeds of the city's $110 million bond for Homewood City Schools to hire a demographer. The chosen demographer, Cooperative Strategies, will work for two to three months to determine enrollment projections based on current enrollment, growth rate, economic developments, live birth and population data and housing trends. The demographic results will help the school system determine its plans for expanding its facilities to accommodate student population growth. Cooperative Strategies has recently worked on similar projects in school systems in Auburn and Huntsville. The school board is also interviewing project management firms Friday at 9 a.m. for the expansion project. Superintendent Bill Cleveland said they hope to have a decision for the council to approve in early May. The council also took time out of its meeting to recognize Homewood Fire Department's retiring battalion chief, Brian Bonner. Bonner has served the city for 22 years, rising from a firefighter and paramedic to the battalion chief position. "He's done an awful lot for the city of Homewood," Mayor Scott McBrayer said. "We love you, we're going to miss you. Fire Chief John Bresnan said Bonner didn't want "fanfare" for his retirement, so Bresnan took the council meeting as an opportunity to publicly thank him. "There is not a finer individual who's ever worked in the fire service," Bresnan said. The council also: Approved funding to create schematics for plans to add parking, sidewalks and crosswalks on Central Avenue. Approved new streetlights in Rosedale on 17th Place South at 25th Court and on Central Avenue between 27th Avenue South and 27th Court South. Additionally, Ward 1 Representative Britt Thames said members of the Rosedale community have sent letters to owners of properties that could be considered public nuisances due to unsafe or neglected structures. Thames said they're waiting to see the response to these letters before deciding whether to pursue legal abatement proceedings in a month or so. Approved a sign variance for McDonald's at 124 State Farm Parkway. The McDonald's is replacing its signs and wants to add two more attached signs than the city ordinance allows. Approved three residents to work in the city right-of-way in the alley adjacent to 1504-1508 Melrose Place for better vehicle access. Approved declaration of 2827 and 2831 16th Place South public nuisances due to excessive growth and litter. Approved Creative Montessori School to work in the city right-of-way at 2800 Montessori Way during the construction of a retaining wall, which will not be in the right-of-way. Authorized a voting delegate from the council to attend the Alabama League of Municipalities annual convention in May. Approved a contract with Sprint Solutions for communication services. Approved the mayor to sign an agreement reassigning the American Tower Lease to Allcom Radio. Set a May 8 public hearing to consider a driveway ordinance violation. Set a May 8 public hearing to consider a request to rezone 285 Palisades Boulevard from Office Building District to Green Springs Urban Renewal District. Tags City Council Rosedale demographer Homewood Fire Department Homewood City Schools wildwood shopping center Wildwood newsletter 1 by SYDNEY CROMWELL April 24, 2017 9:31 PM Upcoming Events IGNITE Awards Ceremony Apr 25, 2017 10:30 AM - 1:00 PM The Club Not Just Another Pop Up for Spain Rehab Center Apr 25, 2017 5:15 PM - 7:00 PM UAB Student Hill Center “He Named Me Malala” documentary Apr 25, 2017 6:30 PM Homewood Public Library Mural Madness Apr 27, 2017 3:30 PM Homewood Public Library Annie Moses Band to Entertain Guests at Samford Legacy League's Ninth Annual Scholarship Celebration Apr 27, 2017 5:30 PM - 9:00 PM Mountain Brook Community Church UAB Neuroscience Café - Concussion in Football Apr 27, 2017 6:30 PM Homewood Public Library Alabama Symphony Orchestra Concertmaster & Friends Series Apr 27, 2017 7:30 PM Samford University Move & Groove Storytime Apr 28, 2017 10:30 AM Homewood Public Library "Dancing Bells and Pixie Dust" Embellishments Concert Apr 30, 2017 3:00 PM - 5:00 PM Indian Springs School Slow Your Roll Apr 30, 2017 3:45 PM - 6:00 PM Seeds Coffee Co. Submit Yours View Past Issues News Weather People Celebrations Schools Edgewood Shades Cahaba Hall-Kent HMS HHS Private Schools Sports Businesses Restaurants Women of Homewood Columns Mayor's Minute Lauren Denton Editor's Perspective Letters to the Editor Calendar Videos About Us Our Staff Advertise News and Awards Weather About Us Advertise The Homewood Star LLC Built with Metro Publisher™  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handicrafts, Watches & Houseware Fair opens today SHENZHEN, China, April 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handcrafts, Watches & Housewares Fair opens today at Shenzhen Convention & Exhibition Center. The show showcases a wide selection of creative and eco-friendly gifts, premiums and home products from China and across Asia. Bellwether of Gifts & Home industry in China As the largest Gifts & Home show in Asia, it assembles reliable suppliers from mainland China, India, Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Russia, Singapore, Indonesia and across Asia. Buyers will be able to touch, experience, feel, compare and purchase directly for all ranges of gifts product from business, corporate, promotional, original design, personal to seasonal gifts. Among the thousands of top buyers pre-registered to attend the shows are Metro Group, Shiseido, Walmart, P&G, HUAWEI, BYD, Citroen, Four Seasons Hotel, Bank of China, China Resources, China Citic Bank, CPIC etc.  Other highlights of the show are: Maker Gallery Pavilion to help buyers spot unique, creative products. Various innovative intelligent products with great design and high performance will be displayed at the show. G20 Summit state banquet dinnerware which favorite with the First Ladies, will be shown at 2nd Floor. "Golden Phoenix " Awards which are chosen by China Arts and Crafts Association will be displayed at 2nd Floor. The shows are supported by more than 20 local and industry associations and manufacturing bases including Gaoyang Towel Association, Fujian Tea Delegation, Yixing purple clay Association etc. Leading the industry development Mr. Jiang, President of Reed Huabo, said: "we are dedicate to build the largest Gifts & Home show in the world and facilitate more trading opportunity." After 25 years development, the show is the biggest in Asia. It goes with the times to keep advantage, working with e-commerce platform and creating more opportunities to traditional manufacturer.  Opening hours for the show are:      Apr. 25-27 from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.     Apr. 28 from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. About Reed Huabo Reed Huabo - the most influential exhibition company in China, is a member company of Reed Exhibitions - the world's leading event organizer, based in the UK. It committed to leading the industry development and continuously creating values for customers from all over the world. For more info, please visit us at: www.chinagiftsfair.com Media Contact: Lisa Li +85-755-3398-9311 lisa.li@reedhuabo.com  http://www.chinagiftsfair.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsHousehold Products, Household/Consumer/Cosmetics, Jewelry, Tradeshow News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Azacitidine (CAS 320-67-2) Market Report 2017 Next PostNext EXPRESS SCRIPTS ALERT: J&W Announces Investigation of Express Scripts; Expects to Lose Biggest Customer, Investors Encouraged to Contact Firm Search Recent Posts United States Brass Hydraulic Fitting Market Report 2017 Threat Intelligence As A Service From John Snow Labs Delivers Live, Corroborated, Ranked & Automatically Actionable Cyber Security Threats From 80+ Sources Australia Wide IT Offers IT Services Throughout Australia Eversolo White Noise Generator – A Brand New Generation of Sleep Aid Machine Will Be Available in May on Amazon Davinci Stones releases real time kitchen simulator Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handicrafts, Watches & Houseware Fair opens today SHENZHEN, China, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handcrafts, Watches & Housewares Fair opens today at Shenzhen Convention & Exhibition Center. The show showcases a wide selection of creative and eco-friendly gifts, premiums and home products from China and across Asia. Bellwether of Gifts & Home industry in China As the largest Gifts & Home show in Asia, it assembles reliable suppliers from mainland China, India, Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Russia, Singapore, Indonesia and across Asia. Buyers will be able to touch, experience, feel, compare and purchase directly for all ranges of gifts product from business, corporate, promotional, original design, personal to seasonal gifts. Among the thousands of top buyers pre-registered to attend the shows are Metro Group, Shiseido, Walmart, P&G, HUAWEI, BYD, Citroen, Four Seasons Hotel, Bank of China, China Resources, China Citic Bank, CPIC etc.  Other highlights of the show are: Maker Gallery Pavilion to help buyers spot unique, creative products. Various innovative intelligent products with great design and high performance will be displayed at the show. G20 Summit state banquet dinnerware which favorite with the First Ladies, will be shown at 2nd Floor. "Golden Phoenix " Awards which are chosen by China Arts and Crafts Association will be displayed at 2nd Floor. The shows are supported by more than 20 local and industry associations and manufacturing bases including Gaoyang Towel Association, Fujian Tea Delegation, Yixing purple clay Association etc. Leading the industry development Mr. Jiang, President of Reed Huabo, said: "we are dedicate to build the largest Gifts & Home show in the world and facilitate more trading opportunity." After 25 years development, the show is the biggest in Asia. It goes with the times to keep advantage, working with e-commerce platform and creating more opportunities to traditional manufacturer.  Opening hours for the show are:      Apr. 25-27 from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.     Apr. 28 from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. About Reed Huabo Reed Huabo - the most influential exhibition company in China, is a member company of Reed Exhibitions - the world's leading event organizer, based in the UK. It committed to leading the industry development and continuously creating values for customers from all over the world. For more info, please visit us at: www.chinagiftsfair.com Media Contact: Lisa Li +85-755-3398-9311 lisa.li@reedhuabo.com  http://www.chinagiftsfair.com SOURCE Reed Huabo Exhibitions CategoriesUncategorized TagsHousehold Products, Household/Consumer/Cosmetics, Jewelry, Tradeshow News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Azacitidine (CAS 320-67-2) Market Report 2017 Next PostNext EXPRESS SCRIPTS ALERT: J&W Announces Investigation of Express Scripts; Expects to Lose Biggest Customer, Investors Encouraged to Contact Firm Search Recent Posts United States Brass Hydraulic Fitting Market Report 2017 Threat Intelligence As A Service From John Snow Labs Delivers Live, Corroborated, Ranked & Automatically Actionable Cyber Security Threats From 80+ Sources Australia Wide IT Offers IT Services Throughout Australia Eversolo White Noise Generator – A Brand New Generation of Sleep Aid Machine Will Be Available in May on Amazon Davinci Stones releases real time kitchen simulator Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handicrafts, Watches & Houseware Fair opens today SHENZHEN, China, April 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handcrafts, Watches & Housewares Fair opens today at Shenzhen Convention & Exhibition Center. The show showcases a wide selection of creative and eco-friendly gifts, premiums and home products from China and across Asia. Bellwether of Gifts & Home industry in China As the largest Gifts & Home show in Asia, it assembles reliable suppliers from mainland China, India, Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Russia, Singapore, Indonesia and across Asia. Buyers will be able to touch, experience, feel, compare and purchase directly for all ranges of gifts product from business, corporate, promotional, original design, personal to seasonal gifts. Among the thousands of top buyers pre-registered to attend the shows are Metro Group, Shiseido, Walmart, P&G, HUAWEI, BYD, Citroen, Four Seasons Hotel, Bank of China, China Resources, China Citic Bank, CPIC etc.  Other highlights of the show are: Maker Gallery Pavilion to help buyers spot unique, creative products. Various innovative intelligent products with great design and high performance will be displayed at the show. G20 Summit state banquet dinnerware which favorite with the First Ladies, will be shown at 2nd Floor. "Golden Phoenix " Awards which are chosen by China Arts and Crafts Association will be displayed at 2nd Floor. The shows are supported by more than 20 local and industry associations and manufacturing bases including Gaoyang Towel Association, Fujian Tea Delegation, Yixing purple clay Association etc. Leading the industry development Mr. Jiang, President of Reed Huabo, said: "we are dedicate to build the largest Gifts & Home show in the world and facilitate more trading opportunity." After 25 years development, the show is the biggest in Asia. It goes with the times to keep advantage, working with e-commerce platform and creating more opportunities to traditional manufacturer.  Opening hours for the show are:      Apr. 25-27 from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.     Apr. 28 from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. About Reed Huabo Reed Huabo - the most influential exhibition company in China, is a member company of Reed Exhibitions - the world's leading event organizer, based in the UK. It committed to leading the industry development and continuously creating values for customers from all over the world. For more info, please visit us at: www.chinagiftsfair.com Media Contact: Lisa Li +85-755-3398-9311 lisa.li@reedhuabo.com  http://www.chinagiftsfair.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsHousehold Products, Household/Consumer/Cosmetics, Jewelry, Tradeshow News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Azacitidine (CAS 320-67-2) Market Report 2017 Next PostNext EXPRESS SCRIPTS ALERT: J&W Announces Investigation of Express Scripts; Expects to Lose Biggest Customer, Investors Encouraged to Contact Firm Search Recent Posts United States Brass Hydraulic Fitting Market Report 2017 Threat Intelligence As A Service From John Snow Labs Delivers Live, Corroborated, Ranked & Automatically Actionable Cyber Security Threats From 80+ Sources Australia Wide IT Offers IT Services Throughout Australia Eversolo White Noise Generator – A Brand New Generation of Sleep Aid Machine Will Be Available in May on Amazon Davinci Stones releases real time kitchen simulator Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Why Whole Foods Market, Inc. Shareholders Have Something to Worry About The past few weeks have seen shares of Whole Foods (NASDAQ: WFM) advance over 25% on speculation that the company might sell itself. Jana Partners took an 8.8% position in the company, and there are rumors that Amazon and Kroger (NYSE: KR) could be potential suitors. It wouldn’t be shocking to see such a move. Over the past decade, the industry has seen massive consolidation: Harris Teeter, Roundy’s, Safeway, and Supervalu ‚s grocery stores have all gone private or been acquired. And they all went for premium prices. Image source: Pixabay But an acquisition is far from a sure thing. And potential acquirers and shareholders alike have a host of issues to worry about. These are the three biggest. What makes you so special? Let’s go back 10 years. In 2007, some chains were dipping their toes in the organic pool, but tepidly. Then, the Great Recession hit and all the interest in the niche went out the window. While Whole Foods had its own struggles, it was a huge benefactor: it had the entire organic sandbox to itself. That was critical, because it meant booming business once the economy started recovering. Grocery stores are normally pleased to see comparable store sales (comps) grow slightly ahead of inflation, but from 2010 to 2013 Whole Foods crushed these expectations. Data source: Annual Reports That success, however, didn’t go unnoticed. Competition soon followed: Costco , Wal-Mart and — most importantly with its private label — Kroger all became huge vendors of organic fare. Just as importantly, they were doing it cheaper than Whole Foods. Back in 2011, while Whole Foods had a reputation for high prices, it still offered organic goods for less  than the competition. But just two years later, that advantage had vanished into thin air. The problem was simple: commoditization. There’s nothing Whole Foods does that other grocers can’t. As demand for organic goods has grown, more and more farmers around the world have signed on. But they aren’t all beholden to Whole Foods, and if the Krogers of the world can offer the same thing for less money — and they have far more convenient locations to shop at — then Whole Foods is plumb out of luck. That’s exactly what’s happened at the company. Data source: Annual Reports In the fact, one recent analyst estimated that Whole Foods had lost 14 million customers over the past 18 months, mostly to Krogers. On profit margins, balance sheets, and management overhaul Whole Foods rightly earned the „Whole Paycheck” moniker. For a long time, that wasn’t a bad thing: the company enjoyed profit margins other grocers could only dream of. After the cost of goods, employee salaries, real estate, electricity, and everything else involved in running a store are factored in, the average grocer will be lucky if it can pocket $0.02 for every dollar spent as profit — a 2% margin. But Whole Foods routinely doubled that mark. Once competition came in, however, the company got serious about „investments in price.” That’s Wall Street talk for simply lowering the prices of your goods. When you combine that dip with slower traffic, this is what happens to your profit margins. Data source: Annual and quarterly reports. MRQ=Most Recent Quarter In essence, this means that the amount of cash Whole Foods gets to keep as profit has dipped over 50% since 2013! At the same time, management has made odd long-term financial decisions. After eschewing debt following the Great Recession, the company decided to take on $1 billion in low-interest loans. Obviously, that could help expand the pace of store openings, and perhaps be used for nationwide marketing. Instead, it was used for dividends and share buybacks. Even as a former shareholder, that was a real head-scratcher. It seemed the company was more focused on propping up the stock for the short-term than in creating long-term value. Perhaps there was dissent in the C-Suite over this, because shortly thereafter co-CEO Walter Robb stepped down. That left founder John Mackey (who is also on The Motley Fool’s board of directors) as the lone CEO. Since then, he has signaled that instead of trying to gain market share at all costs, Whole Foods would return to focusing on high-end clients. That’s probably a good move, as it’s the one area where Whole Foods’ brand name can function as a moat and differentiator from the competition. But it’s awfully expensive Under normal circumstances, I might even consider buying shares. I like the new focus, and the fact that Mackey is calling the shots. However, shares are simply too expensive: they trade for 27 times future earnings, and 29 times trailing free cash flow. For a company with negative comps, that’s far too much. Shareholders might luck out if potential suitors see the situation differently, but if that doesn’t happen, there’s still a host of problems to worry about as the company undergoes its transition to Whole Foods 2.0. 10 stocks we like better than Whole Foods Market When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Whole Foods Market wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017 John Mackey, CEO of Whole Foods Market, is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. Brian Stoffel owns shares of Amazon. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon, Costco Wholesale, and Whole Foods Market. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Azacitidine (CAS 320-67-2) Market Report 2017 Next PostNext Is This Tech Company the Future of Cold Storage for Food? Search Recent Posts Is Wal-Mart’s New E-Commerce Acquisition Strategy Any Better Than Its Old One? Is Bass Pro Shops Still Paying Too Much for Cabela’s? 2 Reasons Bank of America’s Stock Surged on Monday Why Ford Expects Its First-Quarter Profits to Fall Apple, Inc. Earnings: Will Growth Continue? Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Want a Nintendo Switch Now? Expect to Pay Up Nintendo (NASDAQOTH: NTDOY) has made a big splash with its new Switch console, but production can’t keep up with demand. You can get a Switch now if you buy it from a third-party seller, but expect to pay a hefty premium. In this segment of the Industry Focus: Consumer Goods  podcast, analyst Vincent Shen and contributor Seth McNew discuss new games for Switch and other news for the growing video game industry. A full transcript follows the video. 10 stocks we like better than Nintendo When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Nintendo wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017 This video was recorded on April 13, 2017. Vincent Shen: This is the newest video game console from Nintendo that was originally unveiled last October, and made its official debut on March 3. In its six weeks on the market, the Switch continues to fly off store shelves. If you go to the official Nintendo Switch product page online, they have links to retail partners where you should technically be able to buy one of these consoles. I actually checked all six of them — Best Buy , GameStop , Target , Wal-Mart , and Toys „R” Us. Can you guess, Seth, whether or not I was able to find a Switch available at those retail partners? Seth McNew: I would say probably not. If you’re looking places like eBay , you can definitely get one if you’re willing to pay a little bit of a premium. Shen: Yes, exactly. Amazon was also one of the partners. It’s available only from third-party sellers, not from Amazon themselves. They’re charging a premium, like you said, in the face of such high demand. So, buyers can expect to pay at least $360, when the Switch’s official MSRP is $299. I got curious, I did go to eBay to see what people had been willing to pony up to get their hands on one of these consoles, and more recent listings are similarly going for around $400. In the initial weeks after the release, when the frenzy was really building up and people had to get their hands on one, there were some listing for the Switch console being sold for well over $1,000. McNew: That’s absurd. Shen: Pretty incredible. All of this incredible hype bears out in sales for the console in numbers that we’ve seen. There’s a report from DIGITIMES that said, based on estimates from Nintendo’s supply chain partners, the company could end up shipping as many as 20 million units in its first year. Looking out further, the president of Nintendo sees a lifetime total for the console of potentially 110 million units, which would far eclipse the previous generation, Wii U. McNew: 110 million units, but we don’t know how long it’s going to take for them to actually produce that many. At this rate, it could be a few years before they’re able to get that out. Shen: Yeah. It’ll take several years for them to even get that number. Recently, they doubled their shipping estimates from 8 [million] to 16 million. I think that’s going up again to potentially this 20 million number that we’re seeing. But our biggest concern last episode, in addition to their inability to meet some of this demand, every store being sold out, there was also a concern about a relative lack of top-tier game titles. But with these kinds of forecasts, I have to imagine at this point the developers are getting pretty excited about tapping into this corner of the console market. What do you think? Is that something, with these kinds of numbers, that people, especially third-party developers, are perking up their ears and thinking to themselves, „It’s time to get in on this.” McNew: Yeah, I think so. You’re right that when the Switch came out it had such a lean amount of titles that came with it. They have already announced some pretty interesting new titles. Mario Kart is coming out this month, which is going to be a hit, I’m sure. Then, other games like Minecraft , Ubisoft has talked about Monopoly is coming out soon. So, you’re having these very classic games like Pac-Man that you would expect for this kind of console, but you have some new franchises as well that are coming out as well, some different sports games. And then, I think it lends itself well to some competition. They talk about a Mario Kart competition. But, as we talked about last time I was here, with e-sports, this mobile gaming, it seems like such an easy way to get into that online competitive space. So, I would imagine a lot of third-party developers are pretty interested in that aspect. Shen: I think Nintendo has also done its part with this specific console, a better job than they did with the Wii U, and that is making the platform more attractive to third-party developers. They’re supporting common game engines that make it easier to create the games and the titles for the console. Something that might be more important, you mentioned e-sports, but there’s also this online gaming element. The company has announced that there will be an online gaming platform for the Switch that will launch later this year. Initial testing has already started. Like its biggest competitors, Nintendo will actually start charging players for access to this service. That adds another income stream on one hand. On the other hand, I think game developers will be attracted, because you want a robust online player base for additional opportunities to monetize their titles. You look at Activision Blizzard , Electronic Arts , they’re making 60% to 75% of their sales digitally, and it becomes very clear how important getting this online platform right will be for Nintendo. Moving on, also making waves in the space recently was Microsoft . The tech giant released some additional details for its Project Scorpio. The official reveal will happen at the Electronic Entertainment Expo in June. But, the gist of it is, you get more powerful hardware, better graphics, 4K compatibility, and support for virtual reality headsets. As we discussed a little bit on the last show, titles will be compatible across Xbox One, the Xbox One S, and Scorpio, so game developers will be a very favorable position where they can work on one title and tap into bigger player basis than they have in the past. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Seth McNew has no position in any stocks mentioned. Vincent Shen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends ATVI, AMZN, and EBAY. The Motley Fool has the following options: short April 2017 $28 puts on GME. The Motley Fool recommends EA. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 5 Things You Didn’t Know About PayPal Holdings Inc. Next PostNext Surprise! You Work Nearly 4 Months Every Year Just to Pay Taxes Search Recent Posts North America Piezo Ceramic Technology Market Outlook,Research,Trends and Forecast to 2022 Workflow Management System Market Research Report- Forecast 2022 Stick Pouches Packaging Market Research Report – Global Forecast to 2022 Asia-Pacific Heavy Construction Equipment Market Research Report – Forecast to 2027 North America Cell Culture Market Outlook,Research,Trends and Forecast to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handicrafts, Watches & Houseware Fair opens today SHENZHEN, China, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handcrafts, Watches & Housewares Fair opens today at Shenzhen Convention & Exhibition Center. The show showcases a wide selection of creative and eco-friendly gifts, premiums and home products from China and across Asia. Bellwether of Gifts & Home industry in China As the largest Gifts & Home show in Asia, it assembles reliable suppliers from mainland China, India, Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Russia, Singapore, Indonesia and across Asia. Buyers will be able to touch, experience, feel, compare and purchase directly for all ranges of gifts product from business, corporate, promotional, original design, personal to seasonal gifts. Among the thousands of top buyers pre-registered to attend the shows are Metro Group, Shiseido, Walmart, P&G, HUAWEI, BYD, Citroen, Four Seasons Hotel, Bank of China, China Resources, China Citic Bank, CPIC etc.  Other highlights of the show are: Maker Gallery Pavilion to help buyers spot unique, creative products. Various innovative intelligent products with great design and high performance will be displayed at the show. G20 Summit state banquet dinnerware which favorite with the First Ladies, will be shown at 2nd Floor. „Golden Phoenix ” Awards which are chosen by China Arts and Crafts Association will be displayed at 2nd Floor. The shows are supported by more than 20 local and industry associations and manufacturing bases including Gaoyang Towel Association, Fujian Tea Delegation, Yixing purple clay Association etc. Leading the industry development Mr. Jiang, President of Reed Huabo, said: „we are dedicate to build the largest Gifts & Home show in the world and facilitate more trading opportunity.” After 25 years development, the show is the biggest in Asia. It goes with the times to keep advantage, working with e-commerce platform and creating more opportunities to traditional manufacturer.  Opening hours for the show are:      Apr. 25-27 from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.     Apr. 28 from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. About Reed Huabo Reed Huabo – the most influential exhibition company in China, is a member company of Reed Exhibitions – the world’s leading event organizer, based in the UK. It committed to leading the industry development and continuously creating values for customers from all over the world. For more info, please visit us at: www.chinagiftsfair.com Media Contact: Lisa Li +85-755-3398-9311 lisa.li@reedhuabo.com  http://www.chinagiftsfair.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-25th-china-shenzhen-international-gifts-handicrafts-watches–houseware-fair-opens-today-300444084.html SOURCE Reed Huabo Exhibitions CategoriesUncategorized TagsTrade Show News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Infortrend Launches Cloud-integrated Unified Storage EonStor GSe Pro 2000 Supporting Multi-OS File Sharing for SMB Next PostNext Global Food and Beverages Industry – Digital Transformation and Technology Landscape, 2016 Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handicrafts, Watches & Houseware Fair opens today SHENZHEN, China, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handcrafts, Watches & Housewares Fair opens today at Shenzhen Convention & Exhibition Center. The show showcases a wide selection of creative and eco-friendly gifts, premiums and home products from China and across Asia. Bellwether of Gifts & Home industry in China As the largest Gifts & Home show in Asia, it assembles reliable suppliers from mainland China, India, Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Russia, Singapore, Indonesia and across Asia. Buyers will be able to touch, experience, feel, compare and purchase directly for all ranges of gifts product from business, corporate, promotional, original design, personal to seasonal gifts. Among the thousands of top buyers pre-registered to attend the shows are Metro Group, Shiseido, Walmart, P&G, HUAWEI, BYD, Citroen, Four Seasons Hotel, Bank of China, China Resources, China Citic Bank, CPIC etc.  Other highlights of the show are: Maker Gallery Pavilion to help buyers spot unique, creative products. Various innovative intelligent products with great design and high performance will be displayed at the show. G20 Summit state banquet dinnerware which favorite with the First Ladies, will be shown at 2nd Floor. „Golden Phoenix ” Awards which are chosen by China Arts and Crafts Association will be displayed at 2nd Floor. The shows are supported by more than 20 local and industry associations and manufacturing bases including Gaoyang Towel Association, Fujian Tea Delegation, Yixing purple clay Association etc. Leading the industry development Mr. Jiang, President of Reed Huabo, said: „we are dedicate to build the largest Gifts & Home show in the world and facilitate more trading opportunity.” After 25 years development, the show is the biggest in Asia. It goes with the times to keep advantage, working with e-commerce platform and creating more opportunities to traditional manufacturer.  Opening hours for the show are:      Apr. 25-27 from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.     Apr. 28 from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. About Reed Huabo Reed Huabo – the most influential exhibition company in China, is a member company of Reed Exhibitions – the world’s leading event organizer, based in the UK. It committed to leading the industry development and continuously creating values for customers from all over the world. For more info, please visit us at: www.chinagiftsfair.com Media Contact: Lisa Li +85-755-3398-9311 lisa.li@reedhuabo.com  http://www.chinagiftsfair.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-25th-china-shenzhen-international-gifts-handicrafts-watches–houseware-fair-opens-today-300444084.html SOURCE Reed Huabo Exhibitions CategoriesUncategorized TagsTrade Show News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Infortrend Launches Cloud-integrated Unified Storage EonStor GSe Pro 2000 Supporting Multi-OS File Sharing for SMB Next PostNext Global Food and Beverages Industry – Digital Transformation and Technology Landscape, 2016 Search Recent Posts Pentagon Spokesman Updates Iraq, Syria, Yemen Operations U.S. Stands by Afghan People After Taliban’s Heinous Acts, Mattis Says Agencies announce Wells Fargo has remediated resolution plan deficiencies Ocean Rig UDW Inc. Announces the Results of Its 2017 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders Savanna Announces Change of Control Offer for Outstanding Senior Notes and Temporary Waiver from Syndicated Credit Facility Lenders Proudly powered by WordPress
GoSearch WTTV TV Schedule Search Contact Us CBS 4 – Indianapolis News, Weather, Traffic and Sports | WTTV Menu News Problem Solvers 4 Our Veterans Local Hot Spots Community Traffic Sports Weather 57° 57° Low 46° High 74° Tue 58° 78° Wed 65° 83° Thu 47° 68° See complete forecast Man finds owner of locket found in Anderson parking lot Posted 8:41 pm, April 24, 2017, by CBS4 Web, Updated at 10:38PM, April 24, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest × Man finds owner of locket found in Anderson parking lot Update: The man who found a locket in an Anderson parking lot Monday says he has found its owner. Owner found!! Thank you!! https://t.co/IFAACdSobl — Dylan (@SnellsonMandela) April 25, 2017 Original story below: ANDERSON, Ind. – A man is searching for the owner of a locket that may contain someone’s ashes. The trinket was reportedly found in a Walmart parking lot in Anderson at approximately 5 p.m. Tuesday. The heart-shaped locket reads “Rick 1958-2016” with the inscription “always in my heart on the back.” The person who found it, Dylan or @SnellsonMandela on Twitter, is asking for help to find the rightful owner. yo, found this locket in the Anderson Walmart parking lot. Pretty sure it has someone's ashes in it… Help me get this back to the owner RT pic.twitter.com/8pCrGiCb02 — Dylan (@SnellsonMandela) April 24, 2017 If you know who lost this potentially precious locket, you’re asked to contact him. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Popular Assessing Colts’ needs in NFL draft: Inside linebacker Man facing murder charge following fatal shooting at Bedford McDonald’s Johnson County Sheriff’s Office warns of ‘FLG’ theft network operating in central Indiana Two children die in Jennings County house fire Latest News Neighbors concerned about drivers blowing intersection stop signs Clark-Pleasant Community Schools discusses grading system Dozens of historic headstones damaged in Lawrence County cemetery Pre-k teacher says she was fired after telling employer she needed brain surgery Crime News Police locate $500,000 worth of stolen construction equipment in Anderson News Avon police find owner of urn left in Menards parking lot News Man mauled by pit bull, neighbors and responding officers credited for saving his life News Driver loses car in parking garage for six months News Anderson University looks to hook young entrepreneurs by offering to pay student debt Crime News Victims lose thousands of dollars to rental scams in Indianapolis News State police work to return $500k in stolen equipment after major theft ring busted in Anderson Crime News Man arrested after allegedly bragging about stealing over $220,000 from Anderson home Crime News Police: Anderson boy brought cocaine to elementary school, told teacher his dad sells it News Friends planning large fundraiser to honor man credited with saving sister’s life News Police: Man slashed tires on 10 cars in airport parking lot Crime News Homicide investigation underway in Delaware County after body found in field Crime News Jury finds Franklin man guilty in death of his 7-month-old daughter Mobile Apps iOS App Android App Android Weather Authority App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 6910 Network Place Indianapolis, IN 46278 • Copyright © 2017, WTTV • CBS Indianapolis - A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Why Whole Foods Market, Inc. Shareholders Have Something to Worry About Talk of a possible buyout doesn't eliminate these obvious threats. Brian Stoffel (TMFCheesehead) Apr 24, 2017 at 7:14PM The past few weeks have seen shares of Whole Foods (NASDAQ:WFM) advance over 25% on speculation that the company might sell itself. Jana Partners took an 8.8% position in the company, and there are rumors that Amazon and Kroger (NYSE:KR) could be potential suitors. It wouldn't be shocking to see such a move. Over the past decade, the industry has seen massive consolidation: Harris Teeter, Roundy's, Safeway, and Supervalu's grocery stores have all gone private or been acquired. And they all went for premium prices. Image source: Pixabay But an acquisition is far from a sure thing. And potential acquirers and shareholders alike have a host of issues to worry about. These are the three biggest. What makes you so special? Let's go back 10 years. In 2007, some chains were dipping their toes in the organic pool, but tepidly. Then, the Great Recession hit and all the interest in the niche went out the window. While Whole Foods had its own struggles, it was a huge benefactor: it had the entire organic sandbox to itself. That was critical, because it meant booming business once the economy started recovering. Grocery stores are normally pleased to see comparable store sales (comps) grow slightly ahead of inflation, but from 2010 to 2013 Whole Foods crushed these expectations. Data source: Annual Reports That success, however, didn't go unnoticed. Competition soon followed: Costco, Wal-Mart and -- most importantly with its private label -- Kroger all became huge vendors of organic fare. Just as importantly, they were doing it cheaper than Whole Foods. Back in 2011, while Whole Foods had a reputation for high prices, it still offered organic goods for less than the competition. But just two years later, that advantage had vanished into thin air. The problem was simple: commoditization. There's nothing Whole Foods does that other grocers can't. As demand for organic goods has grown, more and more farmers around the world have signed on. But they aren't all beholden to Whole Foods, and if the Krogers of the world can offer the same thing for less money -- and they have far more convenient locations to shop at -- then Whole Foods is plumb out of luck. That's exactly what's happened at the company. Data source: Annual Reports   In the fact, one recent analyst estimated that Whole Foods had lost 14 million customers over the past 18 months, mostly to Krogers. On profit margins, balance sheets, and management overhaul Whole Foods rightly earned the "Whole Paycheck" moniker. For a long time, that wasn't a bad thing: the company enjoyed profit margins other grocers could only dream of. After the cost of goods, employee salaries, real estate, electricity, and everything else involved in running a store are factored in, the average grocer will be lucky if it can pocket $0.02 for every dollar spent as profit -- a 2% margin. But Whole Foods routinely doubled that mark. Once competition came in, however, the company got serious about "investments in price." That's Wall Street talk for simply lowering the prices of your goods. When you combine that dip with slower traffic, this is what happens to your profit margins. Data source: Annual and quarterly reports. MRQ=Most Recent Quarter   In essence, this means that the amount of cash Whole Foods gets to keep as profit has dipped over 50% since 2013! At the same time, management has made odd long-term financial decisions. After eschewing debt following the Great Recession, the company decided to take on $1 billion in low-interest loans. Obviously, that could help expand the pace of store openings, and perhaps be used for nationwide marketing. Instead, it was used for dividends and share buybacks. Even as a former shareholder, that was a real head-scratcher. It seemed the company was more focused on propping up the stock for the short-term than in creating long-term value. Perhaps there was dissent in the C-Suite over this, because shortly thereafter co-CEO Walter Robb stepped down. That left founder John Mackey (who is also on The Motley Fool's board of directors) as the lone CEO. Since then, he has signaled that instead of trying to gain market share at all costs, Whole Foods would return to focusing on high-end clients. That's probably a good move, as it's the one area where Whole Foods' brand name can function as a moat and differentiator from the competition. But it's awfully expensive  Under normal circumstances, I might even consider buying shares. I like the new focus, and the fact that Mackey is calling the shots. However, shares are simply too expensive: they trade for 27 times future earnings, and 29 times trailing free cash flow. For a company with negative comps, that's far too much. Shareholders might luck out if potential suitors see the situation differently, but if that doesn't happen, there's still a host of problems to worry about as the company undergoes its transition to Whole Foods 2.0. John Mackey, CEO of Whole Foods Market, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Brian Stoffel owns shares of Amazon. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon, Costco Wholesale, and Whole Foods Market. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Brian Stoffel (TMFCheesehead) Brian Stoffel has been a Fool since 2008, and a financial journalist for the Motley Fool since 2010. He tends to follow the investment strategies of Fool-founder David Gardner, looking for the most innovative companies driving positive change for the future. Follow @TMFStoffel Article Info Apr 24, 2017 at 7:14PM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $74.78 down $0.16 (-0.21%) Kroger NYSE:KR $30.14 up $0.19 (0.63%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $172.33 up $1.56 (0.91%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $907.41 up $8.88 (0.99%) Whole Foods Market NASDAQ:WFM $36.46 up $0.75 (2.10%) SuperValu NYSE:SVU $3.85 up $0.01 (0.26%) Read More Can Whole Foods Stock Keep Going After Last Week's 9% Pop? Why Whole Foods' Future Is Smaller and Less Certain Than Ever Will Whole Foods Market's New Loyalty Program Make a Difference? Earnings-Palooza: Fewer Whole Paychecks Getting Spent at Whole Foods Better Buy: Whole Foods Market, Inc. vs. Sprouts Farmers Market Inc. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Why Whole Foods Market, Inc. Shareholders Have Something to Worry About @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT, $KR, $COST, $AMZN, $WFM, $SVU
Family seeks answers, arrest in shooting death of father of 3 - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News Amber Alert: Elizabeth Thomas My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Weather Road Show Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Family seeks answers, arrest in shooting death of father of 3 2017-04-24T23:06:54Z2017-04-25T02:13:43Z Reported by Forrest Sanders Email Connect Forrest.Sanders@wsmv.com Follow @WSMV_Forrest Jalen Johnson was shot to death on Sunday. (WSMV) CLARKSVILLE, TN (WSMV) - A Clarksville family is waiting to hear word of an arrest after a father of three was shot to death. One man claims he knows who is responsible for the shooting while police continue an effort to find more witnesses. "If I don't know anything else about my son, I know he was an excellent father," Diane Jenkins said. Jenkins said there is so much about her 2-year-old grandson, Kingston, that reminds her of her son, Jalen Johnson. "He looks just like him," she laughed. "He's kinda nosy. He goes through the house looking for things, and that's what Jalen did when he was his age." Jenkins said family and friends will make sure Kingston and his two young sisters grow up hearing about their father. "Sunday morning I lost my son, Jalen Johnson," she said. "He's going to be missed." According to Clarksville Police, two bail bond agents approached a vehicle carrying Johnson and others Sunday, looking to serve an arrest warrant in the Walmart parking lot on Whitfield Boulevard. Police said shots came from somewhere, Johnson and another man were hit, and the bail bond agents chased the vehicle across the city to Fort Campbell Boulevard. Johnson later died from those injuries. Police confirmed there was not a warrant out for the arrest of Johnson or the other man shot. "I got grazed on my shoulder twice," said Marquentius Gold, Johnson's cousin. Gold said he was also in the car when the shots were fired. He said it was the bail bond agent who fired the shots. "There should be more justice to it," Gold said. "Someone should get arrested for it, because there was no one in the car who had a warrant, and the situation was carried out cowardly." Clarksville police said they're still investigating where the shots came from and need to hear from more witnesses. Police have not released the name of the bail bond agents or for what company they worked. Waiting for developments in the investigation, Jenkins said her son's children will never be without family. "They won't want for anything," she said. "There's three of them. We got them. We got them. Jalen is their angel now, watching over them. He's their angel watching over them. My family, we're pulling together, so we can get through this. With God on our side, and my family behind me, we're going to get through this the best way I know how." Clarksville police said they're meeting with the district attorney's office soon regarding the case. They said interviews have been conducted over the past two days. Copyright 2017 WSMV (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved. More from WMCTV.COMMore>> Special Montgomery County news Click to read more headlines from Montgomery County.More >> Click to read more headlines from Montgomery County.More >> News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> College of Art students help decorate Methodist Hospital expansion College of Art students help decorate Methodist Hospital expansion Updated: Monday, April 24 2017 11:13 PM EDT2017-04-25 03:13:09 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) The Memphis College of Art students helped decorate the construction site at Methodist University Hospital. More >> The Memphis College of Art students helped decorate the construction site at Methodist University Hospital.More >> Additional safety measures put in place following college student's death Additional safety measures put in place following college student's death Updated: Monday, April 24 2017 11:06 PM EDT2017-04-25 03:06:21 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) Memphis is fast-tracking plans to improve safety just days after a Memphis College of Art student was killed crossing the street. More >> Memphis is fast-tracking plans to improve safety just days after a Memphis College of Art student was killed crossing the street. More >> Family Dollar clerk robbed, shot Family Dollar clerk robbed, shot Updated: Monday, April 24 2017 11:00 PM EDT2017-04-25 03:00:29 GMT Memphis police are searching for the two men responsible for robbing a Family Dollar and shooting an individual. More >> Memphis police are searching for the two men responsible for robbing a Family Dollar and shooting an individual. More >> Man killed in shootout at motel Man killed in shootout at motel Updated: Monday, April 24 2017 10:39 PM EDT2017-04-25 02:39:33 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5)  A man was killed Monday night during a shootout at a Memphis motel. More >>  A man was killed Monday night during a shootout at a Memphis motel. More >> Central High School English teacher arrested for hitting girlfriend Central High School English teacher arrested for hitting girlfriend Updated: Monday, April 24 2017 10:18 PM EDT2017-04-25 02:18:12 GMT Central High School (Source: Google Maps) A Shelby County Schools employee is on administrative leave after being arrested over the weekend.More >> A Shelby County Schools employee is on administrative leave after being arrested over the weekend.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Current Weather 55.0° Fair Forecast Subscriber Services Sections News News Home Local State Nation and World Community Lifestyle eEdition Sports Sports Home Preps Professional Bears Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest College Records Obituaries Births Police/Fire Birthdays Corrections Opinion Opinion Home Cartoons Editorials Letters Columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Home Books Deals Eat/Drink Events Movies Music Sauk Scene Technology Television The List Travel Share Submit an Event Contact Us About Us Advertise Deals Business Showcase Contact Contests Coupons e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Forms Get Newsletter Photos Planit Sauk Valley Public Notices Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads txtAlerts Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Video Weather More Pro Football Weekly Video News Video Live Video Cars815.com Public Notices Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Submit Your Event Market Place Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Digital Access Access saukvalley.com from all your digital devices and receive breaking news and updates from around the area. Sign InSubscribe Home Delivery Local news, prep sports, Chicago sports, local and regional entertainment, business, home and lifestyle, food, classified and more! News you use every day! Daily, Daily including the e-Edition or e-Edition only. Subscribe Text Alerts Choose your news! Select the text alerts you want to receive: breaking news, prep sports scores, school closings, weather, and more. Text alerts are a free service from SaukValley.com, but text rates may apply. Sign Up Email Newsletters We'll deliver news & updates to your inbox. Sign up for free e-newsletters today. Sign Up Online Newspaper Log In SectionsSubscribe Local Business Sbarro now open in Walmart By STAFF REPORT news@saukvalley.com 815-625-3600, ext. 5501 9:40 pm DIXON – A little slice of New York has come to the Petunia City – and sooner than expected. Sbarro opened for business at the Walmart Supercenter at 1640 S. Galena Ave. on April 19, about a month ahead of the mid-May opening the company was shooting for.  Located just inside the store’s market entrance, Sbarro is open 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. daily. “It’s awesome, we’re loving it,” general manager Doris Rose said of the new location. The store employs 15 people, but with business better than expected, Rose hopes to hire more soon. The fast-food chain serves New York- and Sicilian-style pizza, Stromboli, pastas, breads and salads. Its roots go back to 1956, when the first Sabre opened. Today, the chain has more than 800 locations in 33 countries. Related Links Sbarro now open in Walmart Highland Community College offers basic nursing assistant class Oregon hospice to have open house Where fashion meets fun – and family Plugging in to the Sauk Valley's job network Tweets from https://twitter.com/saukvalley/lists/svm-news-sports-staff Reader Poll Do you agree with President Trump ordering a missile attack against Syria in the aftermath of Syria’s apparent use of chemical weapons against its own people? Yes No Not sure No opinion Vote!Show results AboutContactSubscribe Privacy PolicyEditorial Principles Today's AdsCareersCopyright © 2017 SaukValley.com. All rights reserved. Published in Sterling, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. FacebookTwitterCommentsEmailPrintMore Google+RedditPinterestTumblr
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The retail apocalypse is accelerating Wolf Richter, Wolf Street Apr. 24, 2017, 5:18 PM 6,455 facebook linkedin twitter email print Business Insider/Hayley Peterson Mall traffic is sagging. Department store sales have been in decline since 2001. Most retailers are loaded up with debt. Many have been losing money. Now they’re running out of options. Store closings numbered in the thousands last year. This year they promise to get much worse. “Zombie malls” have become reality, their vast parking lots rented to car dealers to store their excess vehicle inventory. But ecommerce sales are booming, including online sales by some brick-and-mortar retailers, such as Walmart and Macy’s: Wolf Street Over-indebted retailers are notoriously difficult to restructure and many end up being liquidated. Unsecured creditors, such as suppliers and junior bond holders, are often left out in the cold. Even secured creditors can end up holding the bag. April so far is  huge for brick-and-mortar meltdown : April 21 – Bebe Stores, a fashion retailer, announced, after four years of losses, that it would close all its 180 stores by the end of May and liquidate all merchandise and fixtures in the stores. It might also file for bankruptcy to get out of the store leases. It will only sell online. Barely a month earlier, Bebe said it had hired a financial adviser to look at “strategic alternatives” and a real estate adviser “to assist with options related to its lease holdings,” at which point its shares plunged. April 19 – Neiman Marcus, the luxury retailer with 42 stores around the country and two Bergdorf Goodman stores in Manhattan, announced that, in order to preserve cash, it would not pay interest on a bond issue in cash, but “in kind.” The payment-in-kind (PIK) option had been written into the bond covenant. At the time, creditors didn’t care. Now they’ll get the coupon on these $600 million in 8.75% notes for the next six months in form of more bonds of uncertain value. The already beaten-down notes traded at 56.7 cents on the dollar. On March 3, sources told Reuters that Neiman Marcus has hired investment bank Lazard Ltd to help restructuring its nearly $5 billion in debt though it was, these sources insisted, in no immediate risk of bankruptcy. The company was acquired by private equity firms in a leveraged buyout before the Financial Crisis and is now owned by Ares Management and the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board. They were going to dump it into the public’s lap, but the IPO was scrapped when the problems could no longer be hidden. April 17 – Marsh Supermarkets was preparing to file for Bankruptcy, sources told the Wall Street Journal. Three weeks earlier, it stopped paying rent on six Indianapolis stores. Here too, there’s a private equity angle. Sun Capital Partners acquired Marsh in 2006 for $88 million in cash and the assumption of $237 million in debt. At the time it had 120 stores. Ten years of asset stripping later, the chain is down to 67 stores and going bankrupt. April 11 – Arhaus, a furniture retailer that designs its own furniture and contracts out manufacturing, with 67 stores in 25 states, has appointed a “chief restructuring officer, two sources close to the situation said,” according to Debtwire. “This complements the co-advisory roles of Piper Jaffray and Candlewood Partners to explore a refinancing.” In early March, Arhaus announced that CEO Adrian Mitchell, after just 13 months on the job, would be replaced by co-founder and Chairman John Reed. In 2014, private equity firm Freeman Spogli made a minority investment. April 4 – Rue21, a teen apparel chain with over 1,000 stores, missed principal and interest payments on its debt and is preparing to file for bankruptcy as soon as this month, said “people familiar with the matter,” according toDebtwire. Once again, there is a private equity angle: the company was acquired by PE firm Apax in 2013 for about $1 billion. Back in September 2013, problemswere already piling up when JPMorgan, Bank of America, and Goldman Sachs had trouble selling the junk debt they pledged to sell to fund the buyout. April 4 – Payless Inc., the discount shoe retailer with almost 22,000 employees and over 4,000 stores in 30 countries, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. It plans to slash its debt in half. It said its restructuring plan has the support of creditors holding two-thirds of its first-lien and second-lien term debt. It said it would immediately shutter about 400 stores in the US and Puerto Rico. CEO W. Paul Jones blamed “the continued challenges of the retail environment, which will only intensify.” Here too, a PE angle: Payless was acquired by PE firms Golden Gate Capital and Blum Capital Partners in 2012 when publicly traded Collective Brands was broken up. And this is the March meltdown: A Sears store is seen on February 28, 2014 in Coral Gables, Florida. Joe Raedle/Getty Images On March 20, Sears, the big whale that everyone is waiting for to wash up on the beach, came closer to washing up on the beach by acknowledging that it will likely wash up on the beach, when it said in its annual report that it had “substantial doubt” about its ability to keep operating as a “going concern.” It lost over $10 billion in recent years. When will Sears finally file for bankruptcy? Not before the second half of 2017. That was our verdict in December, and we’re sticking to it. If it files before July 8, 2017, it might run afoul of the bankruptcy code’s two-year look-back period governing “fraudulent conveyance,” concerning what happened to Sears’ real estate. On March 11, Gordmans Stores, with over 100 locations in 22 states, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy with plans to liquidate its inventory and assets. By the end of March, Stage Stores jumped in and offered to buy at least 50 of the stores. Gordman’s is another PE firm asset-stripping special. It was acquired by PE firm Sun Capital in 2008 at the end of the leveraged buyout boom for an undisclosed price. In 2010, Sun Capital sold 30% of this shares in an IPO. Gordman’s got nothing. In 2012, Sun Capital sold more shares, slashing its ownership to 50%. In 2013, Sun Capital forced Gordman’s to issue a $70 million special dividend, of which Sun Capital got half. Of that dividend, $25 million came from cash holdings; $45 million was borrowed money. In total, Sun Capital obtained $140 million, likely exceeding the purchase price by good margin. And the party may not be over yet. On March 10, Gander Mountain, after a failed expansion drive, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. It will shutter 32 of its 160 stores. It had been taken private in 2010 by Gratco, a holding company controlled by Gander Chairman and CEO David Pratt, and Holiday Station stores, a gas-station retail operation. On March 8, RadioShack, owned since 2015 by General Wireless, filed for bankruptcy for the second time. It will close about 200 stores and evaluate options on the remaining 1,300. On March 6, hhgregg, an appliance and electronics retailer, filed for bankruptcy, after announcing a few days earlier that it would close 88 of its 220 stores, shutter three distribution centers, and shed 1,500 jobs. On March 1: BCBG Max Azria filed for bankruptcy. The fashion retailer that once had more than 570 boutiques globally, including 175 in the US, started closing 120 of its stores in January. The January and February meltdown: Michigan Sporting Goods Distributors said it will liquidate its 68 stores and lay off its 1,300 workers. Eastern Outfitters, the parent of Bob’s Stores and Eastern Mountain Sports, owned by PE firm Versa Capital, filed for bankruptcy. Wet Seal filed for the second time in recent years. The teen retailer closed all its stores. Limited stores, another victory for PE firm Sun Capital, shuttered all its 250 stores. American Apparel, a manufacturer with 110 retail stores, which had filed for bankruptcy for the second time last November, said that it had started to lay off 2,400 workers and that everything would be shut down. Only the brand name was acquired by a Canadian firm. This thermometer for discretionary spending is the first to react when consumers hit their limits. Read…  Restaurants in Worst Tailspin since 2009/2010 Read the original article on Wolf Street. Copyright 2017. Follow Wolf Street on Twitter. More from Wolf Street: 4 Short Sellers Explain Why They Target Tesla – But Don’t Try this at Home I’m in Awe of How Fast Brick-and-Mortar Retail is Melting Down The French “Political Class” Gets Crushed – on the Surface Just How Safe is Spain’s Banking System? What’s Wrong with the American Craft-Beer Boom? SEE ALSO: Here are 3 red flags for spotting fake news about stocks NOW WATCH: The disturbing reason some people turn red when they drink alcohol Loading video... More: Wolf Street Retail Apocalypse facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The retail apocalypse is accelerating The retail apocalypse is accelerating Mall traffic is sagging. Department store sales... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured A Tesla bull makes his case: 'We think it's real .... it's a good car. That's not a fluke' More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Want a Nintendo Switch Now? Expect to Pay Up The video game industry has some big things happening. Here's what investors need to watch in 2017. Motley Fool Staff Apr 24, 2017 at 6:01PM Nintendo (NASDAQOTH:NTDOY) has made a big splash with its new Switch console, but production can't keep up with demand. You can get a Switch now if you buy it from a third-party seller, but expect to pay a hefty premium. In this segment of the Industry Focus: Consumer Goods podcast, analyst Vincent Shen and contributor Seth McNew discuss new games for Switch and other news for the growing video game industry. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on April 13, 2017. Vincent Shen: This is the newest video game console from Nintendo that was originally unveiled last October, and made its official debut on March 3. In its six weeks on the market, the Switch continues to fly off store shelves. If you go to the official Nintendo Switch product page online, they have links to retail partners where you should technically be able to buy one of these consoles. I actually checked all six of them -- Best Buy, GameStop, Target, Wal-Mart, and Toys "R" Us. Can you guess, Seth, whether or not I was able to find a Switch available at those retail partners? Seth McNew: I would say probably not. If you're looking places like eBay, you can definitely get one if you're willing to pay a little bit of a premium. Shen: Yes, exactly. Amazon was also one of the partners. It's available only from third-party sellers, not from Amazon themselves. They're charging a premium, like you said, in the face of such high demand. So, buyers can expect to pay at least $360, when the Switch's official MSRP is $299. I got curious, I did go to eBay to see what people had been willing to pony up to get their hands on one of these consoles, and more recent listings are similarly going for around $400. In the initial weeks after the release, when the frenzy was really building up and people had to get their hands on one, there were some listing for the Switch console being sold for well over $1,000. McNew: That's absurd. Shen: Pretty incredible. All of this incredible hype bears out in sales for the console in numbers that we've seen. There's a report from DIGITIMES that said, based on estimates from Nintendo's supply chain partners, the company could end up shipping as many as 20 million units in its first year. Looking out further, the president of Nintendo sees a lifetime total for the console of potentially 110 million units, which would far eclipse the previous generation, Wii U. McNew: 110 million units, but we don't know how long it's going to take for them to actually produce that many. At this rate, it could be a few years before they're able to get that out. Shen: Yeah. It'll take several years for them to even get that number. Recently, they doubled their shipping estimates from 8 [million] to 16 million. I think that's going up again to potentially this 20 million number that we're seeing. But our biggest concern last episode, in addition to their inability to meet some of this demand, every store being sold out, there was also a concern about a relative lack of top-tier game titles. But with these kinds of forecasts, I have to imagine at this point the developers are getting pretty excited about tapping into this corner of the console market. What do you think? Is that something, with these kinds of numbers, that people, especially third-party developers, are perking up their ears and thinking to themselves, "It's time to get in on this." McNew: Yeah, I think so. You're right that when the Switch came out it had such a lean amount of titles that came with it. They have already announced some pretty interesting new titles. Mario Kart is coming out this month, which is going to be a hit, I'm sure. Then, other games like Minecraft, Ubisoft has talked about Monopoly is coming out soon. So, you're having these very classic games like Pac-Man that you would expect for this kind of console, but you have some new franchises as well that are coming out as well, some different sports games. And then, I think it lends itself well to some competition. They talk about a Mario Kart competition. But, as we talked about last time I was here, with e-sports, this mobile gaming, it seems like such an easy way to get into that online competitive space. So, I would imagine a lot of third-party developers are pretty interested in that aspect. Shen: I think Nintendo has also done its part with this specific console, a better job than they did with the Wii U, and that is making the platform more attractive to third-party developers. They're supporting common game engines that make it easier to create the games and the titles for the console. Something that might be more important, you mentioned e-sports, but there's also this online gaming element. The company has announced that there will be an online gaming platform for the Switch that will launch later this year. Initial testing has already started. Like its biggest competitors, Nintendo will actually start charging players for access to this service. That adds another income stream on one hand. On the other hand, I think game developers will be attracted, because you want a robust online player base for additional opportunities to monetize their titles. You look at Activision Blizzard, Electronic Arts, they're making 60% to 75% of their sales digitally, and it becomes very clear how important getting this online platform right will be for Nintendo. Moving on, also making waves in the space recently was Microsoft. The tech giant released some additional details for its Project Scorpio. The official reveal will happen at the Electronic Entertainment Expo in June. But, the gist of it is, you get more powerful hardware, better graphics, 4K compatibility, and support for virtual reality headsets. As we discussed a little bit on the last show, titles will be compatible across Xbox One, the Xbox One S, and Scorpio, so game developers will be a very favorable position where they can work on one title and tap into bigger player basis than they have in the past. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Seth McNew has no position in any stocks mentioned. Vincent Shen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends ATVI, AMZN, and EBAY. The Motley Fool has the following options: short April 2017 $28 puts on GME. The Motley Fool recommends EA. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Article Info Apr 24, 2017 at 6:01PM Consumer Goods Stocks Nintendo NASDAQOTH:NTDOY $31.10 up $0.18 (0.58%) Read More Instant Analysis: Pokemon Go Will Unleash an Augmented-Reality Gold Rush Is Nintendo Giving Up on the Wii U Already? Nintendo's Curse Haunts Microsoft's Xbox and Sony's PlayStation Can the Mario Brothers Fix Nintendo's Wii U? Walt Disney Co and Nintendo Join Forces in E-Sports Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Want a Nintendo Switch Now? Expect to Pay Up @themotleyfool #stocks $NTDOY
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Albertsons explores bid for high-end grocer Whole Foods The Financial Times James Fontanella-Khan in New York 11 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL McDonald's new uniform: Did somebody say dystopia? Saudi Aramco's valuation reportedly off by $500 billion Click to expand Replay Video Trump trying to avoid government shutdown, strike tax deal Apr.24 -- Bloomberg's Kevin Cirilli discusses Washington’s possible government shutdown. He speaks on "Bloomberg Daybreak: Americas." Bloomberg What percentage of people pay after free Netflix trial ends? Almost one out of three people who use a free trial to try out a streaming video service end up subscribing, researcher Parks Associates said Monday. That "sizeable portion" of trial users dwarfs the amount of people who abuse free try-outs, Parks senior analyst Glenn Hower said. Wochit Business Blockbuster Video's unexpected sequel The first Blockbuster video rental store opened in 1985, and at its peak the company had 9,000 stores worldwide. But that was before Netflix. Blockbuster went bankrupt in 2010, but not every store closed their doors. In fact, there are 12 Blockbusters still open in the U.S., including several in the far reaches of Alaska. Conor Knighton checked them out. CBS News SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Whole Foods spikes in report Albertsons is exploring a bid CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump trying to avoid government shutdown, strike tax deal Bloomberg1:41 What percentage of people pay after free Netflix trial ends? Wochit Business0:33 Blockbuster Video's unexpected sequel CBS News4:15 Support for Trump continues in coal-dependent Wyoming The Wall Street Journal.2:40 See Google co-founder Larry Page's 'flying car' in action CNN Money1:02 Tesla is adopting a risky assembly line strategy for the Model 3 CNBC0:49 Legoland accused of human rights violation because of playground rules Veuer0:33 This airport has more than 80 restaurants, a butterfly garden and a rooftop pool Business Insider1:44 Will Americans see tax cuts this year? Fox Business3:49 Colorado pot shop opens nation's first drive-thru dispensary TODAY3:27 Tiny Oregon town for sale for $3.85 million Associated Press2:20 Fashion retailer Bebe closing all stores by end of May Veuer0:47 Rob Lowe is KFC's new Colonel Sanders Fortune0:54 Apple wants to make your iPhone a lot more eco-friendly Newsy1:05 Why streaming won't kill the music industry The Wall Street Journal.1:58 Here's why Google went to Burning Man to find their next CEO Business Insider1:46 UP NEXT Video by CNBC Albertsons, the U.S. supermarket operator controlled by buyout group Cerberus Capital Management, is exploring a takeover of high-end grocer Whole Foods, according to two people briefed about the matter. Quotes in the article Whole Foods Market Inc WFM ▲ 36.46 +0.75 +2.10% Evercore Partners Inc EVR ▲ 78.35 +1.45 +1.89% Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 74.78 -0.16 -0.21% Sprouts Farmers Market Inc SFM ▼ 21.98 -0.76 -3.34% The U.S. private equity group that backs Albertsons has had preliminary talks with bankers about making a bid for Whole Foods, said one person close to the buyout firm. No formal bid has yet been made, according to both people briefed on the situation. Albertsons’ interest comes two weeks after Jana Partners, the activist investor, revealed it had built a 9 percent stake in Whole Foods and raised the possibility of a sale of the grocer, which has a market value of $11.4 billion. A deal would be one of the largest take-privates in recent years, the people said. Whole Foods has hired Evercore to advise them on a strategic review of their business operations, which could include exploring a sale, said one person close to the company, based in Austin, Texas. Cerberus has been actively looking for deals to further expand its supermarket business. Bloomberg reported in March that Albertsons had held preliminary talks to merge with Sprouts Farmers Market, an organic food retailer. However, talks between Albertsons and Sprouts have not proceeded, according to two people briefed about the matter, prompting Cerberus to take a serious look at Whole Foods, which is significantly larger. Whole Foods shares rose 3 percent after the Financial Times reported Albertsons' interest. Sprouts shares fell nearly 4 percent. A bid for Whole Foods would come less than three years after Albertsons acquired Safeway for $9 billion in a deal that turned the Boise, Idaho-based group into the third-largest supermarket chain in revenue terms behind Walmart and Kroger. In 2015 Albertsons, which operates about 2,200 stores, shelved a plan for an initial public offering because of market jitters. Cerberus is likely to team up with other investors to carry out a successful deal given Whole Foods’ size. Albertsons, like Walmart and Kroger, has been under enormous pressure in recent years as a price war between grocers has negatively affected their top and bottom lines. Whole Foods has also felt the pressure from several fronts, including traditional supermarkets’ improved organic offerings, small retailers such as Trader Joe’s and Sprouts competing directly, and food retailers such as Amazon and Fresh Direct trading online. Jana told the Whole Foods management earlier this month that it wanted a “review of strategic alternatives, particularly in light of [Whole Foods’] apparent unwillingness to engage in discussions with third parties regarding such alternatives”. Some analysts said Albertsons’ interest in Whole Foods could spark a bidding war if other supermarket chains indicated they would also like to buy the high-end grocer. Evercore and Albertsons declined to comment. Cerberus and Whole Foods did not immediately return a request for comment. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from the FT Business leaders back transition to low-carbon energy system The Financial Times MBAs must grasp that business and politics are closely linked The Financial Times Emmanuel Macron will find that winning is the easy bit The Financial Times The Financial Times View the Full Site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Boot up fast with HP Wave (128GB SSD + 1TB HDD) Save $200 on Surface Book Intel i5 | Windows 10 The future is here! Use this phone as a full PC Only $479, perfect for travel! ( i5 & 1TB HDD ) Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
facebook twitter tumblr pinterest instagram rss Footwear News Subscribe Skip to content Toggle navigation Latest Influencers Fashion Business Runway FN Spy Focus Women’s Men’s Children Athletic & Outdoor Opinion & Analysis FN Home Business Retail With Stores Closing Down Everywhere, Here’s What the Future of Retail Looks Like By Sheena Butler-Young / 10 hours ago Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Amrita Marino. Ready or not, the future of retail is here. Accelerating expectations for convenience, faster delivery and engaging in-store experiences have sent many footwear and apparel retailers scrambling for a more effective real estate strategy. Related Kendall Jenner Styled a Very Edgy Outfit With These '90s Sneakers at Coachella “Retailers know [that brick-and- mortar] is still very relevant but are rethinking the number of stores, [their location], their purpose, how to reimagine them and how to integrate all the technologies that are driving new shopping patterns,” said Gene Spiegelman, vice chairman of North America retail services at Cushman & Wakefield Inc. But the biggest hurdle in creating a thriving marriage between real estate, retail and technology is that each component moves at its own pace. “When you’re making a real estate decision, you have to consider it, plan for it, then apply capital,” Spiegelman said. “Then — whether it’s a shopping center or a store — you have to build it and occupy it. By the time you’ve completed that whole process, technology has moved the dial again, making what you planned a year ago less relevant.” While retail executives have been touting their omnichannel efforts for years, few could have predicted the explosive growth of e-commerce pure plays such as Amazon and eBay and how much they would redefine consumer-shopping patterns. Amazon’s ability to lure shoppers to the web, coupled with its push to offer near immediate delivery, has taken market share from many retail giants, including Walmart, Macy’s, Sears and JCPenney. An uptick in retail bankruptcies, store closures and layoffs among traditional retailers is evidence of the shift, leading experts to conclude that the U.S. is generally overstored. (Macy’s, Sears and JCPenney are among the firms to shutter hundreds of doors in recent months.) Still, according to Antony Karabus, CEO of HRC Advisory, many retailers’ brick-and-mortar presence — if appropriately optimized — could be their ace in the hole. “Retailers are under immense pressure to keep up with Amazon,” explained Karabus. “But they do have one advantage over Amazon and that is that [many of them] have hundreds and thousands of stores.” Is Less More? “Just because a store might not be performing as well as another store, doesn’t mean that its presence should be eliminated from that local geography,” explained CL King & Associates analyst Steve Marotta. “Given that people like to pick up in store and return in store eliminating every underperforming store might be a net detriment.” In fact, Ron Offir, founder and CEO of Offir Consulting LLC and former president of retail and ecommerce for Jones Group, suggested that underperforming stores could be critical in helping retailers compete with ecommerce pure plays and maximize online fulfillment. “The industry has been doing a good job of evolving the algorithms that are being used to distribute orders to the right stores,” Offir said. “I’ve worked with planning and allocation teams to identify stores to do online fulfillment and we [would often choose] stores that were a bit slow [during the current] season.” Offir said using those stores for ecommerce fulfillment would help firms offload inventory early season and ahead of the markdown cycle. Many large and small retailers — DSW, Nordstrom and JCPenney, among others — have rolled out omnichannel and fulfillment capabilities that bridge the digital divide between online shopping and ultimately trying on and purchasing in store. Platforms such as buy online pickup in store (BOPIS) and buy online return in store (BORIS) allow firms to use their physical spaces as distribution centers and also circumvent expenses that come with offering free and fast delivery. Brandon Famous, retail leader for the Americas at commercial real estate firm CBRE, said that despite cautionary headlines suggesting that retailers’ saving grace is ditching a large number of stores, his firm has found a correlation between brick-and-mortar store closures and lower online sales. “[Traditional] retailers are often hesitant to close stores because when they do, they see a dip in their online sales in the general area where they have closed stores,” Famous said. Still, many experts said that in order to thrive in the digital age, companies will have to shed some doors — albeit strategically. “If you look at the number of stores JCPenney and Macy’s are closing — they’re closing 10 to 15 percent of their fleet — but that’s only amounting to 5 percent of their sales because those stores are loss-making stores,” Karabus said. “There’s no question: [most] retailers cannot have the same number of stores that they used to.” Why Size Matters Experts have suggested that one of the most effective ways footwear sellers can address consumer shifts toward experiential spending is by creating in-store experiences that cannot be matched online or elsewhere. “Today’s consumers are increasingly turning to the internet for convenience and turning to the store for experience [as well as] testing and interacting with products,” Melina Cordero, head of retail research in the Americas at CBRE, said. Despite what conventional wisdom has implied, Cordero said larger physical spaces are a prominent fixture in the future real estate plans of many retailers. “I can think of retailers — Anthropologie is one example — that are actually, as a result of ecommerce and online, going bigger because they want to expand certain aspects of their brick-and-mortar categories and try to create a unique experience in the stores,” Cordero noted. Similarly, Offir said he’s seeing some retailers shift toward large format stores in an attempt to delight customers with other services such as offering food and beverage. And, perhaps with good reason: recent data from the U.S. Census Bureau has shown that sales in retail and food services continuously outpace sales in other categories. (The Census Bureau’s latest report showed retail and food services sales up 5.7 percent year-over-year in February while sales at department stores tumbled 5.6 percent during the same period.) In other cases, Offir said smaller format stores can be a good idea, too. “We’re seeing new concepts where retailers are choosing a smaller footprint to cater to — for example — a guy who wants to shop the brand but is concerned about size and fit,” Offir said. “In that situation, retailers [lease or buy a small space] and [showcase] plenty of sample merchandise that he can come in and try on, and the merchandise is shipped to him after.” — Sign up for the FN Newsletter — Business, Retail, Asia Pacific, Europe, North America, DSW, Macy's, Nordstrom Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Post navigation ← Inside the New Collaboration Between Mara & Mine and Victoria’s Secret Angel Candice Swanepoel Why Red Is Fashion’s Hottest Hue Right Now → Featured Gallery Celebrity Statement Shoes: April 2017 ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Around The Web Latest Publication Footwear News 04/12/2017 Read Now Apple Music Delays Launch of 'Carpool Karaoke' Series Bates Motel Series Finale Recap: So, Were You Crazy About How It… Trevor Noah On Trump Ignoring First 100 Days: If Voters Chose… 'DWTS' [SPOILER] Devastated After Shocking Elimination: Voters… Hobbits were real, and they lived in Indonesia Contact Us About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Newsletters The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife Deadline TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD © 2017 Fairchild Publishing, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. FN and Footwear News are registered trademarks of Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP ad
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Wall Decor Global Market 2017 Key Players – Bed Bath & Beyond, Home Depot, IKEA, Kingfisher, Lowes, Target, Wal-Mart and more Wall Decor Market 2017 Report Details: Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Wall Decor Market -Market Size, Demand, Growth, Opportunities, Manufacturers, Analysis of Top Key Players and Forecast to 2022” To Its Research Database. This report studies Wall Decor in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Bed Bath & Beyond Home Depot IKEA Kingfisher Lowes Target Wal-Mart Art.com Costco OTTO Ethan Allen Franchise Concepts Havertys J.C. Penney Kirkland Kohls Macys Inc. Pier 1 Imports Restoration Hardware Sears West Elm Williams-Sonoma Wayfair Request for Sample report @  https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1206015-global-wall-decor-market-professional-survey-report-2017 By types, the market can be split into Wall Art Picture Frames Wall Clocks Tapestry, Posters, and Sculptures Wall Storage, Shelves, and Hanging Cabinets Decorative Wall Mirrors By Application, the market can be split into Supermarkets and Hypermarkets Specialist Retailers Online Retailers By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India Key Points in Table of Content: Global Wall Decor Market Professional Survey Report 2017 1 Industry Overview of Wall Decor 1.1 Definition and Specifications of Wall Decor 1.1.1 Definition of Wall Decor 1.1.2 Specifications of Wall Decor 1.2 Classification of Wall Decor 1.2.1 Wall Art 1.2.2 Picture Frames 1.2.3 Wall Clocks 1.2.4 Tapestry, Posters, and Sculptures 1.2.5 Wall Storage, Shelves, and Hanging Cabinets 1.2.6 Decorative Wall Mirrors 1.3 Applications of Wall Decor 1.3.1 Supermarkets and Hypermarkets 1.3.2 Specialist Retailers 1.3.3 Online Retailers 1.4 Market Segment by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India ……….. To get complete report visit@   https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1206015-global-wall-decor-market-professional-survey-report-2017   4 Global Wall Decor Overall Market Overview 4.1 2012-2017E Overall Market Analysis 4.2 Capacity Analysis 4.2.1 2012-2017E Global Wall Decor Capacity and Growth Rate Analysis 4.2.2 2016 Wall Decor Capacity Analysis (Company Segment) 4.3 Sales Analysis 4.3.1 2012-2017E Global Wall Decor Sales and Growth Rate Analysis 4.3.2 2016 Wall Decor Sales Analysis (Company Segment) 4.4 Sales Price Analysis 4.4.1 2012-2017E Global Wall Decor Sales Price 4.4.2 2016 Wall Decor Sales Price Analysis (Company Segment) …… 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Wall Decor 8.1 Bed Bath & Beyond 8.1.1 Company Profile 8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.1.2.1 Product A 8.1.2.2 Product B 8.1.3 Bed Bath & Beyond 2016 Wall Decor Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.1.4 Bed Bath & Beyond 2016 Wall Decor Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.2 Home Depot 8.2.1 Company Profile 8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.2.2.1 Product A 8.2.2.2 Product B 8.2.3 Home Depot 2016 Wall Decor Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.2.4 Home Depot 2016 Wall Decor Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.3 IKEA 8.3.1 Company Profile 8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.3.2.1 Product A 8.3.2.2 Product B 8.3.3 IKEA 2016 Wall Decor Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.3.4 IKEA 2016 Wall Decor Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.4 Kingfisher 8.4.1 Company Profile 8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.4.2.1 Product A 8.4.2.2 Product B 8.4.3 Kingfisher 2016 Wall Decor Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.4.4 Kingfisher 2016 Wall Decor Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.5 Lowes 8.5.1 Company Profile 8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.5.2.1 Product A 8.5.2.2 Product B 8.5.3 Lowes 2016 Wall Decor Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.5.4 Lowes 2016 Wall Decor Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.6 Target 8.6.1 Company Profile 8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.6.2.1 Product A 8.6.2.2 Product B 8.6.3 Target 2016 Wall Decor Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.6.4 Target 2016 Wall Decor Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.7 Wal-Mart 8.7.1 Company Profile 8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.7.2.1 Product A 8.7.2.2 Product B 8.7.3 Wal-Mart 2016 Wall Decor Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.7.4 Wal-Mart 2016 Wall Decor Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.8 Art.com 8.8.1 Company Profile 8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.8.2.1 Product A 8.8.2.2 Product B 8.8.3 Art.com 2016 Wall Decor Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.8.4 Art.com 2016 Wall Decor Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.9 Costco 8.9.1 Company Profile 8.9.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.9.2.1 Product A 8.9.2.2 Product B 8.9.3 Costco 2016 Wall Decor Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.9.4 Costco 2016 Wall Decor Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.10 OTTO 8.10.1 Company Profile 8.10.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.10.2.1 Product A 8.10.2.2 Product B 8.10.3 OTTO 2016 Wall Decor Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.10.4 OTTO 2016 Wall Decor Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.11 Ethan Allen 8.12 Franchise Concepts 8.13 Havertys 8.14 J.C. Penney 8.15 Kirkland 8.16 Kohls 8.17 Macys Inc. 8.18 Pier 1 Imports 8.19 Restoration Hardware 8.20 Sears 8.21 West Elm 8.22 Williams-Sonoma 8.23 Wayfair Continued…             Buy this report @   https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1206015 Contact Us: NORAH TRENT                Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com  Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Follow on LinkedIn @https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym     CategoriesUncategorized TagsConstruction Market, Google News, Home decorate, satPRnews, Technology, Wall Decor, Wall Decor Industry, Wall Decor Industry Trends, Wall Decor Manufacturers, Wall Decor Market, Wall Decor Market Growth, Wall Decor Market Sale, Wall Decor Market Share Post navigation Previous PostPrevious HCSB Financial Corp. (HCFB: OTCQB) | INVESTOR ALERT: Levi &amp; Korsinsky, LLP Announces an Investigation Into Whether the Sale of HCSB Financial Corp. to United Community Banks, Inc. is Fair to Shareholders – HCFB Next PostNext Lactose-free Foods Market Segmentation and Analysis by Recent Trends, Development and Growth by Regions by 2021 Search Recent Posts Endodontic Irrigators Market in United States Overview, Growth Forecast, Demand and Development Research Report to 2021 Zyno Medical Oncology Product Suite Featured At Community Oncology Conference Solid Oxide Fuel Cells (SOFCs) – Global Strategic Business Report 2017 – Research and Markets Global Biolubricants Strategic Business Report 2017 – Research and Markets Electrical System Cryotherapy Chambers Market in United States Report Research Analysis, Growth Opportunities and Recent Trends by Leading Regions, Types and Application from 2017 to 2021 Proudly powered by WordPress
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search You can still get an NES Classic Edition, but it’ll cost you Eric Abent - Apr 24, 2017 2 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Earlier today, the hard-to-find NES Classic Edition was briefly available at Best Buy. As is usually the case with the NES Classic Edition, it sold out quickly, but there’s one big difference this time around: this could very well be the final restock Best Buy gets. We might see other retailers get more consoles sometime this week, but once April is over, there won’t be anymore replenishment coming from Nintendo. So, where does that leave everyone who wants an NES Classic Edition but wasn’t able to beat the rush of buyers every time stock appeared? Sadly, it leaves them in a bad place. It’s still possible to find an NES Classic Edition, but picking one up is probably going to cost you a lot of cash. What should I reasonably expect to pay for an NES Classic Edition from a 3rd-party source? Obviously, the best case scenario is that you manage to find one for $60, the normal retail price for the NES Classic Edition. That most likely isn’t going to happen unless Nintendo does an about face and changes its mind on ending production. Instead, it looks like the minimum you’ll pay to resellers who operate on nationwide or global websites is around $200, with prices climbing as high as $400 in some cases. Taking a look around the internet paints a pretty grim picture for anyone looking to buy an NES Classic Edition. Three sites in particular allow sales from third-party sellers: Amazon, Walmart, and eBay. When the final shipments leave the warehouse, these sites are probably your best bet for finding a listing for the mini-console. For the moment, though, neither Walmart nor its retailers have any NES Classic Editions in stock. We may see third parties begin offering NES Classics once we’re into May, but for now, that leaves us with eBay and Amazon. Looking at Amazon, the price gouging has already moved into the realm of the absurd – listings from Amazon sellers begin at $265, around 4.5 times the retail price. Over on eBay, things don’t really change a whole lot. Many listings offer the NES Classic Edition for $200 to $300, with some being so bold as to ask $400 for one. If you have the patience, eBay is probably the better place to buy, as you might be able to find an NES Classic for less than the $265 starting price for Amazon retailers. Regardless of the site you go with, chances are you’ll pay well above retail price for an NES Classic. These prices are likely going to increase as we head into May – the knowledge that Nintendo has stopped shipping stock to retailers will likely embolden these sellers who know they’re the last resort for an in-box NES Classic. At this point, you may be better off just buying a real NES and the 30 games separately. Story Timeline NES Classic Edition first impressions: Feels like the first time Now you can use Nintendo Switch Joy-Cons with the NES Classic NES Classic Edition in stock? Not so fast… [WARNING] NES Classic Edition production ends in Europe Tags AmazoneBayGamingNESnintendoWalmart Must Read Bits & Bytes You can still get an NES Classic Edition, but it’ll cost you Spotify is working on “category defining” music hardware 2017 Chevrolet Bolt EV Review: Electric all-rounder Galaxy S8 vs iPhone 8: Do I buy Samsung now, or wait for Apple? The IoT will survive this Juicero scorn Latest Headlines Breathe of the NES pays tribute to Breath of the Wild 2D prototype Apr 25, 2017 Galaxy S8 owners complain about wireless charging issues Apr 24, 2017 OpenLara lets you play the first Tomb Raider in your browser Apr 24, 2017 Casio Pro Trek WSD-F20 Android Wear smartwatch now available Apr 24, 2017 Sling TV Cloud DVR feature arrives on Apple TV Apr 24, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Chevrolet Bolt EV Review: Electric all-rounder Apr 24, 2017 2017 Ford Flex Limited Review: Twin-turbo road trip king continues to deliver Apr 20, 2017 Lenovo IdeaCentre AIO 910 Review: a big, beautiful (and pricey) all-in-one PC Apr 18, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: On the shoulders of giants Apr 18, 2017 2017 BMW M760i Review: More than M7 Apr 17, 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Home News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military National Strange News International First 100 Days On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Entertainment News Obituaries Live Streaming Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Work for Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com 61° F Overcast Hi: 64° F Lo: 57° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog 7 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military National Strange News International First 100 Days On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Entertainment News Obituaries Live Streaming Featured: Virginia Tech Remembrance Latest Headlines AP Top News at 2:16 a.m. EDT Updated: 25 mins ago Arkansas executes 2 inmates on the same gurney, hours apart Last words haunt surviving teen’s sentencing in fatal fire 12:31 am LOCKPORT, N.Y. (AP) — In the last moments of his 14-year life, Joe Phillips dialed his friend’s cellphone, cursing in panic. He was trapped … AP Top U.S. News at 2:24 a.m. EDT Updated: 15 mins ago Norfolk police investigating shooting on Wilson Road 12:02 am Juvenile shot on Evergreen Place in Portsmouth 12:01 am Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Current Conditions 61° F Overcast Feels Like: 61° F Wind: ENE 9 Humidity: 90% Dewpoint: 58° F Sunrise: 6:18 AM Sunset: 7:48 PM Hampton Roads Weather Forecast Radar Sponsored by: Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides Latest Headlines Chiefs waive DT Jaye Howard with failed physical designation Updated: 10 mins ago KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — The Chiefs waived Jaye Howard with a failed physical designation Monday after the veteran defensive tackle was limit… Rutgers to dedicate College Ave court to Jim Valvano Updated: 10 mins ago PISCATAWAY, N.J. (AP) — Rutgers will dedicate its basketball court at the College Ave Gym on Saturday to former Scarlet Knights co-captain a… Cowboys honor Ware, ponder need with post-Romo future secure Updated: 10 mins ago College stars bolster draft stock through special teams April 24, 2017 Jimmie Johnson grabs rare Bristol win April 24, 2017 HR Show HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Latest Headlines Kid Friendly College April 24, 2017 Spring classes at Bryant & Stratton College begins Wednesday, May 3rd. In The Kitchen: Rosemary Cracked Pepper Lamb Chops with Arugula Mint Pesto and Roasted Mushrooms April 24, 2017 Fresh and tasty dinner from Mangia Qui Italina Bistro. Job Tips for the Class of 2017 April 24, 2017 Audience: 5th Annual Touch-A-Truck April 24, 2017 Movie Review: Born In China April 24, 2017 Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Work for Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com Search for: Search the site 61° F Overcast Hi: 64° F Lo: 57° F Authorities need help identifying three suspects in NC car break-ins By Emily Satchell Published: April 24, 2017, 4:57 pm Updated: April 24, 2017, 5:28 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Photos: Pasquotank County Sheriff’s Office) PASQUOTANK COUNTY, N.C. (WAVY) — The Pasquotank County Sheriff’s Office needs help to identify three suspects in several vehicle break-ins. The sheriff’s office says the break-ins happened in the Peartree subdivision in Elizabeth City, between the evening of April 17 and the morning of April 18. There were credit and debit cards taken from some vehicles. The stolen cards were used at the Wal-Mart in Elizabeth City between 3:00 and 4:00 a.m. on April 18. They were again used at 5:22 a.m. at the 7-Eleven located at 3404 N. Armistead Avenue, in Hampton. If you recognize these suspects, call the Crime Line at 252-335-5555 or the sheriff’s office at 252-338-2191. Car Break-In Suspects View as list View as gallery Open Gallery (Photo: Pasquotank County Sheriff’s Office) (Photo: Pasquotank County Sheriff’s Office) (Photo: Pasquotank County Sheriff’s Office) (Photo: Pasquotank County Sheriff’s Office) (Photo: Pasquotank County Sheriff’s Office) (Photo: Pasquotank County Sheriff’s Office) (Photo: Pasquotank County Sheriff’s Office) (Photo: Pasquotank County Sheriff’s Office) Car Break-In Suspects x Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Photo: Pasquotank County Sheriff’s Office) (Photo: Pasquotank County Sheriff’s Office) (Photo: Pasquotank County Sheriff’s Office) (Photo: Pasquotank County Sheriff’s Office) (Photo: Pasquotank County Sheriff’s Office) (Photo: Pasquotank County Sheriff’s Office) (Photo: Pasquotank County Sheriff’s Office) (Photo: Pasquotank County Sheriff’s Office)                 Latest Galleries Car Break-In Suspects Eastbound HRBT Backup Day Care Van Fire Boat fire in Virginia Beach Maple Avenue Shooting ODU Art Museum Groundbreaking Vehicle fire spreads to home in Gloucester County Smoke seen on George Washington Hwy. Vigil for Keith Moore Vigil for Keith Moore Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Six golden retriever puppies stolen from Elizabeth City Authorities: Man tries to break into vehicle in parking lot Authorities need help to identify man who used stolen credit card Inmate stabbed at state prison in Pasquotank County Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WAVY.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WAVY-TV © 1998-2017 WAVY.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Traffic Sports Experts HR Show More Advertise Advertise with Us Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report WVBT EEO Report Children’s TV Report FCC Public File Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Stay Connected WAVY Weather App WAVY News App Email Alerts Text Alerts ReportIt Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / Obituaries / Obituary Notice: William L. Rauch Obituary Notice: William L. Rauch Posted on Monday, April 24, 2017 by Gant Team in Obituaries Obituary Notice: William L. Rauch (Provided photo) William L. Rauch, 64, of Clearfield died Thursday, April 20, 2017 at his home. Born January 29, 1953, he was the son of the late William S. and Gloria V. (Aveni) Rauch.  He is survived by his former wife Cindy K. Rauch of Clearfield. Mr. Rauch was of the Christian faith. He was retired from the Wal-Mart Distribution Center in Woodland and was doing contracting work for Terry Briskar of Clearfield. He was a Clearfield High School graduate. In addition to his parents, he was preceded in death by one sister, Lorna McGovern and one brother, Brian Aveni. He is survived by two sons, Jody S. Rauch and his wife, Holly of Philipsburg and Justin M. Rauch and his wife, Kayla of Punxsutawney; three sisters, Linda Lope and her husband, Robert of Curwensville, Amy Dixon and her husband, Rodney of Virginia and Peggy Laird and her husband, Walter of West Decatur; one brother, Jeff Rauch and his wife, Lynda of West Decatur; two grandchildren, Andrew Mark Rauch and Ava Olivia Rauch; and a sister-in-law, Marcella Aveni of Woodland. A memorial service will be held at the convenience of the family. Heath Funeral Home & Cremation Services in Osceola Mills is in charge of the arrangements. Memorial contributions may be made to Heath Funeral Home & Cremation Services, P.O. Box 157, Osceola Mills, PA 16666. To sign the online guestbook, go to www.heathfuneral.com. Obituary Notice: Ann M. Bumbarger Obituary Notice: William Allan Demmick Related Posts Obituary Notice: Donald Melvin Brown Obituary Notice: John Paul Felix Obituary Notice: Leslie J. Boulton Obituary Notice: Emery Franklin Powers Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Retail LATEST NEWS The 30th ASEAN Summit and the South China Sea issue Italian Trade Mission explores investment opportunities riding on efforts to implement GST Malegaon case: HC grants bail to Sadhvi Pragya, rejects Purohit's plea Generals back to classrooms for tech update Statutory bodies coming under pressure to improve sewage treatment The idea that could have stopped Sukma Naxal attack Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance BankingFinance Cons. Products DurablesElectronicsFashion / Cosmetics / JewelleryFMCGFoodGarments / TextilesLiquorPaintsTobacco Energy PowerOil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs ConstructionEngineeringCementChem / FertilisersMetals & MiningPackagingPaper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ MarblesPetrochemSteel Healthcare/Biotech BiotechHealthcarePharmaceuticals Services More Media/EntertainmentEntertainmentMediaTransportationRailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / TransportTechTelecom AdvertisingConsultancy / AuditEducationHotels / RestaurantsProperty / C'structionRetailTravel ET Home›Industry›Services›Retail 12:22 PM | 25 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,875219.00 NIFTY 50 9,28465.60 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,977-154.00 USD/INR 64.27-0.17 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Amazon told to keep food items separate from others By Shambhavi Anand , ET Bureau | Updated: Apr 25, 2017, 01.19 AM IST Post a Comment The company is likely to comply with the government's advice and a formal response is expected soon, people familiar with the matter said. NEW DELHI: The government has asked Amazon to ensure a clear segregation between the food products it wants to sell directly to consumers and the other merchandise it lists online, a likely precursor to granting permission to the US-based ecommerce giant to commence food retailing in India. Amazon had sought approval to invest Rs 3,500 crore in India over five years to sell third-party and its own private-label food articles, sourced and packaged locally. The company is likely to comply with the government's advice and a formal response is expected soon, people familiar with the matter said. The products for direct retailing to consumers are likely to be stored in separate warehouses, they added. Amazon was the first global bigwig to seek the government's permission to invest after India last year allowed 100% foreign ownership in food retailing. Foreign-funded companies, however, still aren't permitted to directly retail other merchandise online —hence the need for the segregation of stocks. Amazon is likely to become a seller of food products on its own marketplace through one of its subsidiaries, the people said. Currently, third-party sellers offer food items through two Amazon platforms, Amazon Pantry and Amazon Now, and the company is likely to use these for direct retailing as well. Amazon Pantry allows customers to order up to 15 kg of products — bulk packs of monthly and weekly grocery and household essentials — which will be home-delivered the next day with a shipping charge of Rs 20. Amazon Now is an app from where consumers can order products of daily use from big outlets and malls for a guaranteed twohour delivery. "We have sought an approval to invest and partner with the government in achieving this vision," an Amazon spokesperson said, but didn't provide details. The Seattle-based company is investing billions of dollars in India, where it is entangled in a no-holds-barred battle with rival Flipkart for market share. It is showing interest in food retailing, a segment that has big revenue potential but where the margin is wafer-thin, when others like Wal-Mart Stores have cold-shouldered the idea saying selling food alone wouldn't make business sense. In its application to the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP), which facilitates investments, Amazon said it plans to retail "food products (produced or manufactured in India) to customers at any location through any channel, offline or online, including ecommerce, across India". The application was filed earlier this year by Amazon Corporate Holding Pvt Ltd, a Singapore-based subsidiary which will own 99% of the proposed entity. Amazon.com Inc, Mauritius will hold the rest. Amazon told DIPP that it would develop infrastructure, including warehouses and distribution facilities such as a temperature-controlled supply chain, to undertake farm-to-fork retailing of food items which could yield better returns for farmers by reducing waste and cutting legions of intermediaries generally involved in the food supply chain. The government's move to allow 100% foreign direct investment in food retailing was aimed at giving an impetus to the farm sector. It expects organised retail to source directly from farmers, thereby cutting down on the middlemen who eat into the earnings of the producers and often control market prices. However, the effort was met with a lukewarm response from global companies such as Wal-Mart, Nestle, Heinz and Thailand’s CP Foods to generate investments under the new category. Some positive response, though, started trickling in late last year, with applications from hyper-local delivery startups Grofers and Bigbasket. Comments(0)Add Comments Amazon told to keep food items separate from others To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Amazon India launches digital program for new sellers Amazon India head Amit Agarwal elevated to SVP Capital Float partners with Amazon India to disburse loans to e-sellers Amazon's India strategy: Focus on every geography to become 'everything for everyone’ NSDC, Amazon India team up for Nagaland women entrepreneurs READ MORE ONFood productsDIPPAmazon PantryAmazon IndiaAmazon Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers Hit big savings on insurance with State Farm® State Farm Insurance How NRIs make big property gains risk-free SmartOwnerMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Satyam case: Ramalinga Raju's lust for land tripped him Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Earn Online Degrees That Will Get You The Best Job Earn Degree Online - Sponsored Ads Have You Seen These Top Crossover SUVs? Crossover SUV - Sponsored Ads New Jersey Landlines Get Replaced (But Not With Cell Phones) Consumer Daily Ads Shop Now: The Jean That Flatters Every Body Chico's Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Defence's CSD suspends sale of Patanjali's Amla Juice Amazon told to keep food items separate from others How automakers are fast digging out the enormous sales opportunity New sourcing rules to ensure metro cars are made in India Kumar Mangalam Birla's secret idea could take the world of business by storm More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRERA|Bahubali 2 BSE Sensex|RPS vs MI Gold rate today|Sensex IPL 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Questions About Starter Homes, Online Shopping, Hiking Footwear, Pinterest, and More! Credit Cards Investing Banking Education Insurance Taxes Credit Cards Investing Banking Education Insurance Taxes × Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Rewards Credit Cards of 2017 Best Cash Back Credit Cards for 2017 Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards for 2017 Best IRA Accounts of 2017 Best Online Stock Trading Brokers for 2017 Roth IRA vs 401k? You May Not Have to Choose Best Money Market Accounts for 2017 The Best High-Interest Savings Accounts Online for 2017 The Best Free Checking Account in 2017 Best Savings Account in 2017 How to Find the Best CD Rates in 2017 Affordable Online Bachelor's Degree Programs in 2017 Affordable Online Master's Degree Programs in 2017 Affordable Online MBA Programs in 2017 Why You Should Consider Trade School Instead of College Best Car Insurance Companies of 2017 Best Life Insurance Companies for 2017 The Best Home Insurance for 2017 Affordable Health Insurance Options in 2017 Best Tax Software for 2017 The 5 Best Free Tax Software for 2017 Understanding Income Tax Brackets Income Tax Calculator Updated on 04.24.17 Questions About Starter Homes, Online Shopping, Hiking Footwear, Pinterest, and More! by Trent Hamm Reader Mailbag What’s inside? Here are the questions answered in today’s reader mailbag, boiled down to summaries of five or fewer words. Click on the number to jump straight down to the question. 1. Need a wake up call 2. Cheap cross country move 3. Starter homes for children 4. Online shopping is shopping us? 5. Work to live! 6. Inexpensive footwear for summer hiking 7. Government retroactively attack 401(k)s? 8. Thoughts on “bug out bag”? 9. Tax return question 10. Is something built to last? 11. Thoughts on Pinterest 12. Long term disasters This past weekend was absolutely beautiful weather-wise, and thus I spent most of it outside doing things like cleaning the yard or taking the kids to the park to play catch and/or soccer and picking asparagus and cleaning out the garden and fixing the rabbit hutch (we have a pet rabbit). Then, as is often the case with spring weather, the forecast for this week predicts temperatures falling off of a cliff and a significant risk of freezing multiple nights this week, making me glad that I didn’t decide to actually plant anything, even though I was really tempted. One of the most important things about gardening in Iowa is that you can’t just go throw plants in the ground on the first or second gorgeous weekend of the spring. It will freeze after that at some point. You need to wait for a while, and that usually means waiting until mid-May to plant (and even then, be prepared to do some emergency frost protection). On to some questions. Q1: Need a wake-up call When I look at our financial situation on paper I know it’s a disaster. We have a combined net worth of -$200,000. Yes, negative. We have an absolute ton of student loan debt and a company was willing to give us a mortgage on the back of our promising careers. Now my wife is pregnant and is adamant about wanting to stay at home until all kids are in school. Right now I should be freaking out. I can see that the numbers are going to have a hard time adding up starting in August but when it comes to actually changing anything I just don’t care. It’s not that I don’t know what to do, it’s that when push comes to shove I don’t feel enough motivation to change anything. This seems like psychology of course and I should probably go see a therapist. – Andrew I agree that this question is moving into psychology, but I consider psychology to be a significant part of personal finance. I really believe that personal finance success happens as a result of internal motivation, but internal motivation isn’t just something you can turn on and off like a switch. Everyone’s internal motivation works differently. At an earlier point in my life, in order to trigger change, I really had to reach some kind of low point where I was really disgusted with myself. Simply seeing bad data wasn’t enough. I had to be sick and tired of some aspect of my life, often to the point of being ashamed of it, to want to change. I have moved beyond that to an extent over the years, but it’s required a lot of self-reflection and constant self-review to get there, and even that I think is pushed by a sense of being unhappy with myself and the current state of my life. I don’t know what your “trigger” or “switch” is, but it’s well worth your time and effort to try and find it. Q2: Cheap cross-country move Moving from Sacramento to College Park this summer. Cheapest way to move? Moving truck? – Nolan For a cross-country move, I strongly encourage you to minimize your possessions before going. Sell off everything you reasonably can sell off and fit everything you own in your car. If you’re not taking a car across the country, then try to get things down to a carry-on bag and a large suitcase and then mail one large box across the country the day before you fly to your new residence. The thing is, cross-country moving in a truck is quite expensive, and it’s usually done just to carry possessions you can easily replace at your destination. Not only that, a move is a great time to downsize your possessions. So, my honest suggestion is to sell off everything you can easily replace in College Park, reduce your possessions down to the smallest space you can, and then move at minimal cost. Use the proceeds from that sale to buy stuff you actually need when you get to College Park. Q3: Starter homes for children Part of your answer in a reader mailbag question today struck me. You said, “For me, enough money to retire early means that I have enough money in the bank to match our current income at a 2% withdrawal rate, plus enough money to fully pay for our children’s college educations and a starter home for each of them without touching the money needed for the 2% withdrawal rate.” I’m pretty surprised that you’re aiming to provide each of your children with their own starter home considering your stated goal to raise fully independent people who are no longer dependent on you by age 18. Can you say more about your thoughts on this? Thanks! – Kelly The amount needed for a college education and a starter home is a thumbnail sketch of how much I want to have set aside for each of my children before I would feel comfortable retiring. Every situation is different, and I want to be prepared for all situations. To put it in simplest terms, I don’t assume that my children will have the health needed to be fully independent when they reach adulthood. The implicit assumption with my children having independence at age 18 is that they’re physically and mentally capable of independence. I do not see that as a guarantee for all of my children. I will do what I can to give them as much independence as possible, but I’m not going to throw my child out on the street at age 18 if they’re physically or mentally incapable of adult life. I would not retire early unless I felt I had the resources to support at least one of my children in adulthood in a state of partial or complete physical or mental incapability. My “rule of thumb” for that is to make sure that I would have enough extra resources to at least house them independently, and for that I would want to have enough resources for independent housing and educational tools. If each of my children were to be functionally independent of me upon graduation, that would be fantastic. I would take the extra money we had put aside for them and put it to some other use. It’s not enough to take care of every situation, but it’s enough to take care of almost all situations. Nothing is perfect. Q4: Online shopping is shopping us? Want to hear your thoughts on this Atlantic article: How Online Shopping Makes Suckers of Us All – Dana When I read that, my immediate thought is that this is the risk of buying online when you’re not shopping around at all for the best price. If you trust one retailer to always have the best price and never shop elsewhere for those items, then you’re putting yourself at the mercy of that retailer. No retailer is going to just give you the lowest prices out of the goodness of their heart. They’re businesses. Their goal is to make money, and low prices are a tool to get you to use their business instead of other businesses, nothing more. It’s only competition that causes a business to ever have lower prices. That’s why it’s always a good idea to shop around, especially if you’re not buying from a local store (and by “local” I don’t mean your local Wal-Mart or Target or other chain store). This article makes the case for shopping around and keeping competition alive and playing retailers off of each other. Q5: Work to live! The people who write into the mailbag have it backwards! You need to WORK TO LIVE not live to work! Most jobs have stuff that isn’t fun sure but the thing is that it doesn’t dictate your life. Walk out the door and DO YOUR OWN THING. If you hate your job focus on living life to the fullest outside of work! – Will I completely agree. Your job is not your life. If you happen to love your job and it gives you deep fulfillment, then by all means, pour your heart into it, but if you don’t have that abiding love, you don’t have to give your life up for your job. In fact, you shouldn’t. Instead, view your job as something you have to invest your time and effort into in order to live in other aspects of your life. Whenever I’ve been unhappy at work and unmotivated to do much to sustain my career, I usually step back and look at the big picture. The work I do – and the income I earn from it – sustains my happiest moments. All of the good things I have in life are supported by the income I earn from my work, and by doing my best work, I sustain that income and likely grow it over time. My job is not my purpose. There are aspects of my work that I really do love, and I do pour my heart into those specific aspects, but I do not live for it. I live for the truly great moments in my life. I work in order to sustain those great moments, and I try to do my best work in order to provide a stronger guarantee of support for those moments. I work to live, not live to work. You should, too. Q6: Inexpensive footwear for summer hiking My wife and I have decided to have a cheap summer vacation. We are packing up our tent and camping for several nights at state and national parks. Yay cheap vacation! A week with a full budget of food and lodging and everything under $700? Sign me up! The thing is that I know I need new shoes for hiking before then. My current ones are literally falling apart. They were gifted to me 3+ years ago. So I looked at some magazines and checked out their recommended shoes and they were incredibly pricy! Not really into paying $200+ for hiking shoes! What do you recommend that’s reasonable? – Brayden I have large feet. Depending on the specific brand of shoes, I wear size 15 or size 16. What this means is that buying shoes in many stores is… hit or miss. I’ve had to learn how to buy shoes online. What I do is identify some really good models for the purposes that I want, then I start watching prices on those models. I watch Amazon and eBay and Zappos and Overstock and a few other places, too. I do this patiently. I use tools like CamelCamelCamel to keep watch on those models and wait until a sale on them pops up. Because of this, I often wind up buying shoe models that retail for $100 or $200 or more for 50% off or, sometimes, even more than that off. My current pair of everyday walking sandals, for example, were purchased at 80% off. I actually bought three pairs of them, because they normally retail around $100 and I got them for $20 (they were Keen Newport H2‘s, by the way). I would never have paid $100 for them, but I was happy to pay $20. The thing is, I had to wait months to find a price that low. I had CamelCamelCamel watching the price and I regularly checked on prices on them in a few places until I found them at the price I wanted, then I bought three pairs. (I knew I liked them because I had been gifted a pair in the past). So, that’s my strategy. I know what models I like (or I use reviews that I trust). I start looking way in advance and keep searching until I find a price I’m willing to pay. When I do, I jump on it. Q7: Government retroactively attack 401(k)s? Can the government really retroactively tax the money in our 401(k)s if they want to? Been hearing about this a lot lately. – Carl I received a bunch of emails about an article that appeared in the Wall Street Journal, Grab Your Pitchforks, America, Your 401(K) May Need Defending from Congress, that makes the case that some in government want to change the laws concerning 401(k) taxation. Understandably, those with a lot of money in their 401(k)s are concerned. First of all, I didn’t get the sense that there would be any retroactive taxation of money currently in 401(k) accounts. If you have money in there, I think that money is perfectly safe. You’ll have to pay taxes when you withdraw it, but not before. Instead, the impression I got from the article is that they essentially want to make everything into a Roth. In other words, you pay taxes now on your retirement funds, then everything coming out of those funds later is tax free. Doing that increases government revenue now, but decreases it later on. Complete speculation here: I think this will end up somewhat being a “double tax” because I think the government is going to gradually move toward some kind of hybrid between income tax and VAT. For most of us, that means lower income taxes, but it means a national sales tax of some kind on all purchases (or most purchases). If they go with this in, say, 15 years, money coming out of a Roth IRA will essentially be double taxed, because you already paid income taxes on it but now you have to pay a high sales tax on everything you buy. When they start talking about changing 401(k) rules like this, I immediately start thinking about long term plans for a nationwide sales tax. Q8: Thoughts on “bug out bag”? Friend of mine keeps a “bug out bag” packed all the time. It’s kind of a general purpose bag that’s appropriate for any kind of trip he might take, with toiletries and casual clothes and a few other items in there that he knows he’d need on any trip. Idea seems cool but just having that stuff sitting there and not using it seems like a waste? Thoughts? – Daniel I keep a bag packed that I could just grab in a pinch to travel somewhere, such as a funeral. It has a bunch of basic toiletries in there, along with basic clothes for a few days (nothing too fancy) and a pair of dress shoes. I regularly rotate the clothes that are in that bag. I know that if I ever needed to suddenly leave for a funeral or something like that, I could just grab this bag, grab my suit, and go. I just need to go to the closet and grab those two things – that’s it. Basically, as long as you keep regularly rotating the stuff in that bag, it’s not the worst idea in the world. If you’ve bought a bunch of clothes just to keep in that bag, that seems fairly inefficient, but I look at the clothes stored in that bag as just an extension of my wardrobe. I guess you could call it a “bug out bag.” I keep it packed because I know that if I ever need it, I’m not going to be in the clearest of mindsets. Having it packed now means I can just trust it if things ever go wrong. Q9: Tax return question Just got tax return. Is it better to use it to pay off credit card debt now or to pay for vacation this summer? – Brian If those are your two options, you’re better off paying off your credit card debt now and then using the card to travel this summer. In that scenario, at least you’ll have a few months without any balance on the card. A better approach, I would think, would be to pay off the card, then have a modest summer vacation that you can cover out of pocket so that you’re avoiding the constant expense of carrying a balance on your card. That’s just a money vacuum. Without knowing your full financial picture, though, it’s really hard to give a perfect recommendation. However, given those two options, paying off your card is the best bet. Q10: Is something built to last? How do you tell if something is built to last or just overpriced? Lots of stuff talks about how great it is but it’s hard to tell what’s good and what is just marketing. – Brenda I usually rely on three things. First, I rely on the reviews of people I trust. I look at Consumer Reports, for example, or the word of people in my life who have a good eye for these things. Second, I rely on my own inspection of the item. The big thing I look for is construction quality and failure points. If I’m looking at clothes, for example, I look for the quality of stitching and whether there are any frayed ends anywhere and whether the cloth is well-made. Does it feel like it will easily rip? Are all of the seams well sewn? I also look at the number of potential failure points. For example, I tend to trust slow cookers with fewer modes and fewer electronic features than ones that have lots of modes and features, because the more features you have, the more failure points you have. Third, I look at the default manufacturer warranty. When a warranty is thorough and comes from a company with a long history of such warranties (and backing up their warranties), I tend to trust the item more. Those principles usually guide me pretty well. Q11: Thoughts on Pinterest I have been reading The Simple Dollar for a while, enjoy it and have learned a lot from it. I hadn’t been compelled to comment though, until I read Holly Johnson’s article on Pinterest. I found it really interesting her take on Pinterest as my experience has been exactly the opposite. I use Pinterest to look for frugal ideas, DIY, thrifty decoration and so forth. It has been a “gold mine” of ideas and beautiful pictures that provide ideas to unleash my creativity with things I’ve got at hand or that I can get from second hand shops. I am learning to crochet and knit and have found nice free patterns. Sure, there are lots of nice thing that are on sale, including patterns, but I just skip those. – Monica I think it comes down to how you use Pinterest – or how you use any kind of social media. Social media can definitely encourage spending, but it can also provide ideas on saving money, too. Holly’s article, I think, was more of an encouragement to be aware of how social media might be influencing you, which is something I think you’ve taken to heart with this email. You went away from the article and looked at your own social media use and concluded that it was saving you money. It’s that kind of self-reflection that is the value of a personal finance or a personal development article. Everyone’s different, and different people are going to walk away from such articles with different feelings. As long as you move toward self-reflection, even if you don’t line up with the article’s conclusion, then the article served its real purpose, which is to either push you to a better place or to get you to at least reflect on what you’re doing and conclude that it’s good. Q12: Long term disasters I just finished listening to the excellent new podcast S-Town. One of the topics that came up a few times was about how due to soil erosion, the practices used by the farming industry for mass production probably only have between 40 and 70 years left, at which point the farming industry will not be able to provide enough food to support the world population. I know you have fielded questions from people that feel the collapse of society is imminent, and what they should do to prepare for it. What are your thoughts on what people should do if such a collapse is many years off, but possibly still in one’s lifetime, or in one’s children’s lifetime? Leaving aside questions about how to survive in such a world, how does this affect the view one takes about retirement savings in the here and now? I have my own views on what humanity should to do avoid this dire future, but there are a disturbing number of people in this country that do not seem to care about living sustainably, and do not feel a responsibility to future generations to leave behind a world that can support human life. The movie Children of Men, also excellent, addresses a different problem but contains similar themes, that being that if people feel there is no future for the next generation, it drastically changes how society functions. I’m very curious about how this would affect people’s current and future behavior as these possible scenarios inch closer and closer with each passing year. – Chris First of all, I suspect that in 40 to 70 years, most of the food that people eat will be synthesized in laboratories rather than grown out of the ground. Lab-grown meat is already happening and it’s healthier than what you get from an animal, and we can already make everything needed to provide a balanced diet. As soil erosion makes growing more difficult, we’ll gradually shift to things like this. Does this mean that I think technology will dig us out of a lot of holes? No, but I don’t feel hopeless about the future, either. I feel like humankind is fairly complacent right now, but that’s because there isn’t any imminent pressure pushing us anywhere. Humankind has largely been under pressure from its basic needs for the entirety of civilization’s history and many of us are now at a point where we’re under less pressure from our basic needs than we ever have been. We don’t know what that means yet, but many of us can feel that it’s different than what has come before and that leaves us feeling uncertain. I think it’s that sense of uncertainty that leads people to feeling that doom is around the corner, because doom has been around the corner for the entirety of human existence. We don’t know what the consequences of this will be yet. If you’re asking me, my guess is that humans will adapt to climate change in their day-to-day living by throwing technology at the short-term problems rather than addressing the long-term problems and this will allow us to kick the can down the road until everyone currently reading this website has passed away. Got any questions? The best way to ask is to follow me on Facebook and ask questions directly there. I’ll attempt to answer them in a future mailbag (which, by way of full disclosure, may also get re-posted on other websites that pick up my blog). However, I do receive many, many questions per week, so I may not necessarily be able to answer yours. See Also: Get 2x Points on All Your Travel and Dining >> Recommended For You A Great Way To Pay Off Debt With A No Interest Credit Card Get rid of high interest debt with a 0% balance transfer credit card Get A Free Trip This Summer by using the Right Card Earn credit card points toward your favorite ways to travel Avoid Foreign Transaction Fees with These Top Picks Save money and expand your travel budget by packing any one of these cards on your trip 6 Credit Cards That Can't Be Beat in 2016 A comprehensive guide to maximizing rewards and getting paid back for everything you buy Loading Disqus Comments ... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Google+. Loading Facebook Comments ... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Facebook. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Advertiser Disclosure CLOSE Your Personal Financial Toolkit Manage your money IRA Accounts Online Brokers Free Checking Account Savings Accounts Tax Software Free Tax Software Plan for your future Mortgage Rates Auto loans Debt Payoff Calculator Protect your investments Home Insurance Renter’s Insurance Cheap Car Insurance Credit Monitoring Services Optimize your spending Credit Cards Rewards Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Hotel Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Balance Transfer Business Credit Cards Credit Cards for Students Credit Cards for Bad Credit Get the new e-book, 202 Ways to Save Money Now, for free! Just sign up to The Simple Dollar Daily and start saving today. Advertiser Disclosure CLOSE Your Personal Financial Toolkit Manage your money IRA Accounts Online Brokers Free Checking Account Savings Accounts Tax Software Free Tax Software Plan for your future Mortgage Rates Auto loans Debt Payoff Calculator Protect your investments Home Insurance Renter’s Insurance Cheap Car Insurance Credit Monitoring Services Optimize your spending Credit Cards Rewards Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Hotel Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Balance Transfer Business Credit Cards Credit Cards for Students Credit Cards for Bad Credit Get the new e-book, 202 Ways to Save Money Now, for free! Just sign up to The Simple Dollar Daily and start saving today. About The Simple Dollar Contact Careers © 2017 TheSimpleDollar.com Privacy Terms of Service Advertiser Disclosure Advertising Disclosure: TheSimpleDollar.com has an advertising relationship with some of the offers included on this page. However, the rankings and listings of our reviews, tools and all other content are based on objective analysis. For more information and a complete list of our advertising partners, please check out our full Advertising Disclosure. TheSimpleDollar.com strives to keep its information accurate and up to date. The information in our reviews could be different from what you find when visiting a financial institution, service provider or a specific product's website. All products are presented without warranty. Top
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias @NCCapitol Compromise could address concerns over class size law Local News No charges filed in fiery I-40 crash that killed 11-year-old Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip WRAL on Apple TV, Roku & Fire TV Now Streaming › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Heavy rain hangs around overnight; flood warning issued for Wake, Durham, Johnston counties Sponsor Weather Make your home safer in wicked weather DUALDoppler5000 WRAL on Apple TV, Roku & Fire TV Now Streaming › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell Ken Medlin NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Our Take Tudor: 49ers may opt to rebuild around Trubisky North Carolina UNC's Berry, Bradley, Pinson all enter NBA Draft without agents Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Win Tickets to Poison, Extreme & Jackyl Our Take Tudor: Early football signing period could be on the way Holliday: NCAA tournament gets the best refs, but what about chemistry? Manuel: UNC, NC State baseball rivalry returns to Chapel Hill Learn how to cut your grocery bill in half on May 11 Click here for tickets › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business GM appeal of ignition switch ruling rejected by high court Business Wegman's supermarket to anchor Cary's version of North Hills Sponsor Changing economy IBM confirms new layoffs as part of a talent 'remix' WRAL's 'State of Inequality' looks at economic differences across NC Learn how to cut your grocery bill in half on May 11 Click here for tickets › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons DRAUGHON DRAWS: Real 'cap' for N.C. class size Editorial: Running our state into the ground Editorial: How the 'family values legislature' is destroying families You don’t need the newspaper to get your Sunday Circulars Click & Save for Instant Savings › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings National News Tech tips: Go green and save money on Earth Day Business Holiday Inn parent company reports widespread information breach Business Before you invest in a startup, here's what you need to know 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel 5 On Your Side Dispose of old medications properly to reduce risk of accidental overdoses Lifestyles Serious Victorian-era disease making a comeback Sponsor Best of spring Day trips from Raleigh Find egg hunts, bunny visits Farmers Market guide Flu season Five new flu deaths reported in NC; season total now at 136 Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About Duke offering Moogfest photo documentary course Entertainment Officials: 'Happy Days' star Moran likely died from cancer Sponsor Holiday Guide Weekend best bets Family fun Shop local Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Health Team Woman says Fitbit exploded, caused 2nd degree burns @NCCapitol Heavy rain causes flooding concerns Live Video Schedule 4:30a WRAL Morning News 10a House panel looks at breaking up school districts Noon Immigration-related lawsuits before House panel 7p 2017 WRAL TechWire Awards Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › 59° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Weather 59° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather 68 NC counties and 1 VA county are under alert, including Wake, Durham, Johnston, Orange, and Wayne counties. Details Published: 2017-04-24 12:00:56 Updated: 2017-04-24 12:00:56 4 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Opinion Republicans face a quandary in enacting tax cuts without raising deficit Posted 12:00 p.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/17uYp Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters By Peter Morici, Deseret News Donald Trump won the presidency in significant measure on a promise to deliver more robust growth and better jobs. As things stand, his efforts and GOP prospects for the midterm elections will importantly hinge on accomplishing tax reforms that encourage more investment. Stronger growth could be greatly assisted by reducing health care costs, regulatory burdens and the trade deficit, but the failure of Speaker Paul Ryan’s Obamacare replacement, legal barriers to quickly deconstructing Obama-era regulations and complexity of renegotiating international trade arrangements leave cutting taxes as the most viable path for Republicans to accomplish progress quickly. Unfortunately, Mr. Trump and the Republicans are hung up by conflicting objectives and special interests that make the prospects for success difficult. U.S. corporate taxes are much higher than those imposed by rivals like the United Kingdom, Germany, Ireland and China, because other nations rely more on consumption than income taxes — usually, value added taxes (VATs). The U.S. code is riddled with special-interest credits and exemptions whose net effect is to impose very high taxes on some businesses while others pay not much at all. Finding the right K Street lobbyist is too often a better investment than developing a new or better product. Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady is pushing a plan to lower the top corporate tax rate from 35 to 20 percent by ripping away many special-interest provisions and shifting the basis for business taxation from where products are made to where those are consumed. To yield the same revenue as the current law and be consistent with the latter principle, it would not impose taxes on products made in the United States for export, and collect the 20 percent tax on imports. Retailers like Wal-Mart strongly oppose such border tax adjustments (BTAs) on imports because they allege it would raise prices on imported consumer goods by 20 percent. That may sound plausible but is unlikely, because retailers would also be paying lower taxes on their warehousing, distribution and merchandising activities. Nevertheless, retailers have found many allies among Republicans in the Senate to oppose the Brady plan. If a corporate reform bill — or the combination of corporate and personal tax changes — is not revenue neutral, it cannot be put into law for more than 10 years through budget reconciliation, which requires only a simple majority in the Senate and no votes from Democrats if Republicans maintain solidarity. Tax changes that automatically expire in 10 years or less would do little to instigate more long-term investments in manufacturing, research labs and the like. Republicans in the Senate are not likely to garner much support from Democrats to pass measures that cut corporate or top individual tax rates and increase deficits. Most U.S. businesses — even some large ones like Chrysler and Bechtel — are organized as limited liability corporations and pay taxes through the personal income tax code. Hence, lowering the top marginal tax rates of 39.6 and 35 percent is also essential to stimulating more investment in the United States. Lowering those rates significantly without losing revenue and increasing budget deficits will be tough, because Mr. Trump has promised a middle-class tax cut. And the latter necessarily involves shifting more of the tax burden onto the top quarter of taxpayers, who already pay more than 85 percent of personal income taxes collected. The only way out for Republicans is to impose a new tax to finance lower corporate and personal income taxes — notably, a VAT as applied by most other advanced industrialized countries. Those nations impose BTAs. Failing to do so with a U.S. VAT would permit foreign-made products to enter U.S. markets without paying a VAT abroad or here, while U.S.-made products would be subject to the new U.S. levy. That would woefully disadvantage the location of production in the United States and defeat the original purpose of tax reform — to boost U.S. investment and growth. The bottom line is that Mr. Trump and Republicans can only cut taxes to effectively boost growth by embracing a VAT with BTAs and disappointing Wal-Mart and other retailers. My bet is they won’t accomplish much more than marginal changes in the tax code, and 2018 will be a good year for the Democrats. Copyright 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers $1,000 off your project AND no interest, no payments for 12 months Myrtle Beach Spring Specials - Save Now Free Credit Score - No Card Required! UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel Custom home sites - thousands less than Wake Cty. 4 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Close Comments 4 Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Bryan Lenihan Apr 25, 12:39 a.m. WRAL, it is President Trump. I find it very distasteful and disrespectful that you refer to the President of the United Stars as Mr Trump. This not only shows your bias but shows your unprofessuonalism in representing the news. If you do not agree with his politics that is fine, but you should respect the office as a professional news organization. QUOTE Report as abuse Victor Cruz-Saez Apr 24, 6:52 p.m. Anyone remember the mid to late 90's, when then Rep Dick Armey came up with a flat tax proposal? I guess no politician wanted to do anything with it, because it called for eliminating all exemptions; and that meant that politicians will not be able to reward their donors with tax breaks and punish their enemies with tax hikes. QUOTE Report as abuse NC Tom Apr 24, 5:28 p.m. Cuts. You know. Like when you save for something you want? Cut out fast food, coffee, happy hour, etc. Where's the quandary? QUOTE Report as abuse Robert Dalton Apr 24, 4:51 p.m. It's all good, Mexico will pay for it and fix everything. QUOTE Report as abuse Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Brewgaloo 2017 Lifestyles Serious Victorian-era disease making a comeback Business Aviation officer gives his version of United flight removal Entertainment Officials: 'Happy Days' star Moran likely died from cancer Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News American Airlines apologizes after video shows mom in tears Out and About 'Empire' star goes incognito when visiting NC Documentaries Bitty & Beau's Coffee Go Ask Mom Are your kids addicted to fidget spinners? Lifestyles 10 things that could actually give you cancer Out and About Brewgaloo 2017 Venture/Innovation First WRAL TechWire Hall of Famers: Five pillars of NC's tech success Entertainment Steel Panther rocks The Ritz Pets Duke Lemur Center hosts Earth Day open house Business Want to own a town? Tiny Oregon community for sale for $3.5M Entertainment Who are the 100 most influential people in the world? It's 'more complicated' than you think Out and About Chefs talk: What made Durham the 'foodiest city' in the south? Baseball High school rivals play together for former player diagnosed with ALS WRAL TV Helpful tips when planning a trip to the WRAL Azalea Gardens @NCCapitol Bills fly through House as deadline looms Local News Charlotte's people ranked among least attractive in U.S. Out and About Have big plans for Raleigh? Now you can share them Political News Dems say Trump can avert shutdown risk if he relents on wall Opinion Republicans face a quandary in enacting tax cuts without raising deficit Local News Residents asks Durham City Council to buy back, develop abandoned land Local Politics Giant grasshopper allows Clinton to claim presidential library is 'bugged' 5 On Your Side Dispose of old medications properly to reduce risk of accidental overdoses SmartShopper Giveaway: FREE Hungry Howie's Pizzas SmartShopper Domino's gift card giveaway TODAY about 3 pm! @NCCapitol Plastic bags could soon return to OBX stores SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 4/24 SmartShopper Weekly meal plans and Monday menus SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Brewgaloo 2017 Lifestyles Serious Victorian-era disease making a comeback Business Aviation officer gives his version of United flight removal Entertainment Officials: 'Happy Days' star Moran likely died from cancer Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News American Airlines apologizes after video shows mom in tears Out and About 'Empire' star goes incognito when visiting NC Documentaries Bitty & Beau's Coffee Go Ask Mom Are your kids addicted to fidget spinners? Lifestyles 10 things that could actually give you cancer Out and About Brewgaloo 2017 Venture/Innovation First WRAL TechWire Hall of Famers: Five pillars of NC's tech success Entertainment Steel Panther rocks The Ritz Pets Duke Lemur Center hosts Earth Day open house Business Want to own a town? Tiny Oregon community for sale for $3.5M Entertainment Who are the 100 most influential people in the world? It's 'more complicated' than you think Out and About Chefs talk: What made Durham the 'foodiest city' in the south? Baseball High school rivals play together for former player diagnosed with ALS WRAL TV Helpful tips when planning a trip to the WRAL Azalea Gardens @NCCapitol Bills fly through House as deadline looms Local News Charlotte's people ranked among least attractive in U.S. Out and About Have big plans for Raleigh? Now you can share them Political News Dems say Trump can avert shutdown risk if he relents on wall Opinion Republicans face a quandary in enacting tax cuts without raising deficit Local News Residents asks Durham City Council to buy back, develop abandoned land Local Politics Giant grasshopper allows Clinton to claim presidential library is 'bugged' 5 On Your Side Dispose of old medications properly to reduce risk of accidental overdoses SmartShopper Giveaway: FREE Hungry Howie's Pizzas SmartShopper Domino's gift card giveaway TODAY about 3 pm! @NCCapitol Plastic bags could soon return to OBX stores SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 4/24 SmartShopper Weekly meal plans and Monday menus WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising CBC Digital Elements Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Inroads Realty’s Thad Beckner Sells Third Big-Box Grocery Store DALLAS, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Thad Beckner, vice president at Inroads Realty, has just brokered the sale of a 39,797-square-foot former Brookshire’s Grocery Store in Henderson, Texas. This sale represents the third major deal completed by Beckner in tertiary markets on behalf of Brandywine Financial involving a big-box retail space. Beckner has represented Brandywine for five years. Mike Cagle, founding partner of Inroads Realty, affirmed that Beckner’s track record with Brandywine is consistent with the Inroads Realty mission. Thad Beckner, Inroads Realty „Often in our industry, you see brokers who are focused only on an individual deal, while losing sight of the big picture,” Cagle said. „Beckner is an exceptional broker, and this is a perfect example of the Inroads Realty mentality, where we strive to nurture long-term relationships with our clients.” Beckner’s penchant for such client relationships has been a hallmark of his career as a real estate broker. In addition to Brandywine, Beckner has long represented the ownership group of a large portfolio of Wal-Mart shadow-anchored centers. John Mathes, one of the portfolio owners, elaborated on Beckner’s abilities. „We have been working with Thad for many years,” Mathes said. „He oversees a 22-property portfolio for us, spread out over 12 states. His work ethic, professionalism, deal sourcing, follow-up and organization are second to none, and we are lucky to be able work with him.” Ultimately, Beckner credits his success with hard work. „In this business, clients don’t stick around unless you are able to produce great results,” he said. „Behind the scenes, we spend a lot of time making sure we understand the market and are able to secure the best tenant opportunities for our property owners. We go after tenants that we believe will produce the best long-term viability for each particular project.” Beckner’s notable projects include several single-tenant opportunities in affluent areas of North Texas as well as many large shopping centers in high-growth sections of the Dallas-Fort Worth area, including Frisco, McKinney and Southlake. He currently manages leasing for about 40 retail properties, many of which are in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex. According to Beckner, North Texas represents a great opportunity for retail businesses looking for growth opportunities. „It’s such an exciting time to be living and working in North Texas,” he said. „The area offers such a great quality of life for a relatively low cost of living, and the region is so business-friendly. There’s no place I’d rather be.” If you have a retail project you would like to discuss, contact Thad Beckner at 972-764-5404. About Inroads Realty Inroads Realty is a retail real estate company based in Dallas, Texas. Inroads provides retail property owners and tenants with a portfolio of services designed to drive their business forward. Inroads specializes in landlord representation, tenant representation, property and asset management, and investment sales. For more information, visit https://inroadsrealty.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/inroads-realtys-thad-beckner-sells-third-big-box-grocery-store-300444447.html SOURCE Inroads Realty Related Links http://inroadsrealty.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsReal Estate Transactions Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cheap 2017 Kentucky Derby Tickets for the Race on May 6th at Churchill Downs are Available at CapitalCityTickets.com with Promo Code Next PostNext AMN Healthcare to Present at Two Conferences in the Month of May Search Recent Posts Wolters Kluwer to Explore Strategic Alternatives for Corsearch AdRoll Integrates with Marketo to Transform Account-Based Marketing with Exclusive Direct Integration Michael Baker International Promotes Michael J. Conaboy, P.E. to SVP and National Water Practice Lead Anuvia Plant Nutrients Receives National Award For Sustainability Innovation CorePro Launches Indiegogo Campaign to Introduce Patented Posture Solution For Athletes and Everyday Individuals Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Inroads Realty’s Thad Beckner Sells Third Big-Box Grocery Store DALLAS, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Thad Beckner, vice president at Inroads Realty, has just brokered the sale of a 39,797-square-foot former Brookshire's Grocery Store in Henderson, Texas. This sale represents the third major deal completed by Beckner in tertiary markets on behalf of Brandywine Financial involving a big-box retail space. Beckner has represented Brandywine for five years. Mike Cagle, founding partner of Inroads Realty, affirmed that Beckner's track record with Brandywine is consistent with the Inroads Realty mission. "Often in our industry, you see brokers who are focused only on an individual deal, while losing sight of the big picture," Cagle said. "Beckner is an exceptional broker, and this is a perfect example of the Inroads Realty mentality, where we strive to nurture long-term relationships with our clients." Beckner's penchant for such client relationships has been a hallmark of his career as a real estate broker. In addition to Brandywine, Beckner has long represented the ownership group of a large portfolio of Wal-Mart shadow-anchored centers. John Mathes, one of the portfolio owners, elaborated on Beckner's abilities. "We have been working with Thad for many years," Mathes said. "He oversees a 22-property portfolio for us, spread out over 12 states. His work ethic, professionalism, deal sourcing, follow-up and organization are second to none, and we are lucky to be able work with him." Ultimately, Beckner credits his success with hard work. "In this business, clients don't stick around unless you are able to produce great results," he said. "Behind the scenes, we spend a lot of time making sure we understand the market and are able to secure the best tenant opportunities for our property owners. We go after tenants that we believe will produce the best long-term viability for each particular project." Beckner's notable projects include several single-tenant opportunities in affluent areas of North Texas as well as many large shopping centers in high-growth sections of the Dallas-Fort Worth area, including Frisco, McKinney and Southlake. He currently manages leasing for about 40 retail properties, many of which are in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex. According to Beckner, North Texas represents a great opportunity for retail businesses looking for growth opportunities. "It's such an exciting time to be living and working in North Texas," he said. "The area offers such a great quality of life for a relatively low cost of living, and the region is so business-friendly. There's no place I'd rather be." If you have a retail project you would like to discuss, contact Thad Beckner at 972-764-5404. About Inroads Realty Inroads Realty is a retail real estate company based in Dallas, Texas. Inroads provides retail property owners and tenants with a portfolio of services designed to drive their business forward. Inroads specializes in landlord representation, tenant representation, property and asset management, and investment sales. For more information, visit https://inroadsrealty.com.   SOURCE Inroads Realty CategoriesUncategorized TagsBanking/Financial Services, Commercial Real Estate, Real Estate, Real Estate Transactions Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dana Anderson von Mondelēz wechselt als Chief Marketing Officer zu MediaLink Next PostNext FLAMINGO PHOTO REVIVES OLD VHS & AUDIO CASSETTES INTO DVDs & CDs Search Recent Posts Route 46 Now Open Tuberculosis Vaccine Market by product type, with sales, revenue, price, market share and growth rate by 2021 Tetanus Vaccine Market 2016 to 2021 Sales Report Research Analysis, Growth Opportunities and Recent Trends by Leading Regions, Types and Application Interstate 55 in Cape County Reduced for Bridge Repairs Ramp I-55 in Cape County Closed for Pavement Repairs Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content e-Paper Newsletter Advertisement Contact Newspaper Business Opinion Sports A & E Lifestyle Bytes Showbiz Shout Star Weekend Change Makers All Sections epaper Multimedia Video Stories World Spaces Shift Next Step In Focus Literature Book Reviews Health Science Law & Our Rights Wide Angle Environment Travel City Country Supplements Round Tables Home Front Page 12:00 AM, April 25, 2017 / LAST MODIFIED: 03:08 AM, April 25, 2017 Post-Rana Plaza RMG sector Fair price elusive while pressure on to improve safety from global buyers 0 Share this with Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn E-mail Viber Copy this link Refayet Ullah Mirdha A fair price for garment items is still a far cry for Bangladeshi manufacturers though they are in tremendous pressure from global buyers to improve conditions at workplace, notably after the Rana Plaza building collapse in 2013. According to local apparel makers, over $1 billion has been invested so far to renovate and retrofit their factories as per the demand of buyers, retailers and brands. Yet, the retailers and brands have shown no interest in offering a reasonable price of the products they source from Bangladesh. And a low profit margin is tying producers' hands from investing more in improving workplace conditions to avert disaster like Tazreen Fashion fire or Rana Plaza tragedy. Buyers are still paying the traditional low prices for the products and making super profit. A shirt costing between $3 and $5 is selling between $25 and $30. The same is true in the case of high-end value added products, which is 30 percent of the total volume of garment items exported in a year from Bangladesh. The global posh brands pay between $8 and $12 to the local manufacturers for purchasing a piece of value added high-end shirt and the retailers sell the same shirts at $100 and sometimes even at $150, garment makers said. For such a huge gap, the manufacturers and economists blame the faulty global supply chain, which needs a review. The sector operates in a highly unjust global value chain where a $5 shirt made in Bangladesh is sold at $25 at Wal-Mart stores or at much higher prices in countries such as Sweden, said noted economist Rehman Sobhan. “Where exactly does the $20 go? Is this a natural working of the market mechanism or a manifestation of an unjust global order?” He said the current business model forces suppliers to squeeze their workers as much as they can because they have to produce the shirt at $5. Unless there is a major investigation of a professional nature, a political nature and an international nature to rebuild the value chain and see how it can be made to work, “I personally don't believe discussions will yield any result,” he added.  A senior official of European brand, who works in Dhaka, said the brands and store owners also do not always make profit as they can sell the highest 60 percent of the items at tagged prices.  Of the remaining 40 percent, 20 percent are sold at discount prices and the rest 20 percent are sold at clearance outlets or donated, he said. “The retailers also make profit and have the operational costs,” the merchandiser added, asking not to be named. Mahmud Hasan Khan Babu, vice-president of Bangladesh Garment Manufacturers and Exporters Association, echoed the view of the merchandiser. The retailers have the target to sell 75 percent of the RMG items at tagged prices and the rest are sold at discount prices. Moreover, the companies annually pay millions of dollars to the high-ups, he said. After those expenses, the companies make a substantial amount of profit, he said. “Our internal unhealthy competition among the manufacturers is also responsible for low prices of garment items.” However, owners of some global brands and retailers, who sell basic garment items made in Bangladesh, have been named richest persons in the world.  For example, Spanish business tycoon Amancio Ortega is the richest man in Europe and the wealthiest retailer in the world having $79.5 billion, according to this year's Forbes list. A pioneer in fast fashion, Ortega cofounded Zara parent Inditex, which purchases nearly $2billion garment items from Bangladesh every year. “The low price of garment items will continue until we say no to it. The retailers are getting the products at lower prices because we supply those,” said Kutubuddin Ahmed, chairman of Envoy Group, which exports garment items worth a few hundred million dollars a year. The international unhealthy competition among the manufacturers is also responsible for the lower prices of garment items over the years, he said. Bangladesh should manufacture high-end items apart from basic items for receiving higher prices, he added. The demand for clothing items decreased worldwide over the last few years due to higher consumption of electronic gadgets like mobile phones. The low demand also affected the Bangladeshi garment prices further, he said. Mustafizur Rahman, distinguished fellow of Centre for Policy Dialogue and a noted trade analyst, said apparel export market is buyer-driven and global brands dictate the market. "If producers can come to an understanding that they will sell a certain product at certain price, they can get a fair price," he said. "But that doesn't happen due to an intense competition." He said there are efforts at the international level to bring the global brands under the fair trade system, but it is not working well. Also, some trade unions and NGOs are trying to set a standard on Asian wage level for apparel workers and if it can be set, producers will get higher prices, he said. The Daily Star Breaking news alert on your phone. Grameenphone and Robi: Type START <space> BR and send SMS it to 2222 Banglalink: Type START <space> BR and send SMS it to 2225 Find more information on SMS subscription Leave your comments Comment Policy Top News View More Most Popular Stories Popular In Front Page Uranium behind deaths in haors? Gun-toting man now DU teacher Hotter than the summer sun Rare fish found in Kaptai Lake ‘If not a great cricketer, I want to be remembered as a good human being’ Noted singer-composer Lucky Akhand no more Will accept my son, not Apu: Shakib Khan Suchitra Sen’s Pabna house now open for all Abandoned baby Anisha no more Michael Clarke wishes Jaya Ahsan Uranium behind deaths in haors? Bangladeshis on Forbes list I married Shakib Khan in 2008 Change Makers: UNSTOPPABLE Havoc in Haors: Fish dying further down Hakaluki Haor: Not only fish, ducks too dying Heart patients at high risk In TEARS they mourn Gulshan Attack: Tahmid acquitted Troubles within 0 Share this with Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn E-mail Viber Copy this link Top News View More Latest from Star Live More from Front Page Rainfall in Aprils: Highest in 30 years Too little help for flood-hit people Radiation not alarming Still lost in the depths of sorrow Struggle on in haors In case you missed it What next for our cricket? A boy extraordinaire No interest in Hollywood? The Wows and Woes of winter 2016 Warmest Year on Record Globally Multimedia you may like TODAY'S GALLERY (2017.04.25) TODAY'S GALLERY (2017.04.24) Today's Gallery (2017.04.23) Today's Gallery (2017.04.22) TODAY'S GALLERY (2017.04.21) Today's Gallery (2017.04.20) facebook twitter Instagram google plus youtube About Us Contact Us SMS Subscription Apps Comment Policy RSS Sitemap Advertisement Newsletter Conference Hall Archives © 2017 / thedailystar.net | Powered By: RSI LAB Copyright: Any unauthorized use or reproduction of The Daily Star content for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited and constitutes copyright infringement liable to legal action. Top
DVIDS DIRECT ADMIN REQUEST SUPPORT WELCOME REGISTER LOGIN LOGOUT MY DOWNLOADS OPTIONS Notifications See All Notifications (e.g. yourname@email.com) Remember me Forgot Password? Or login with Facebook Home Hometown Heroes Secretary Mattis Combatant Commands Holiday Greetings Map Features Content Images Video News Audio Graphics Publications Podcasts Webcasts Stories Storytellers Tell Your Story Awards Units Newswire Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit REGISTER LOGIN DVIDS DIRECT ADMIN OPTIONS MY DOWNLOADS LOGOUT Home Hometown Heroes Secretary Mattis Combatant Commands Holiday Greetings Map Features Content Images Video News Audio Graphics Publications Podcasts Webcasts Stories Storytellers Tell Your Story Awards Units Newswire Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit About DVIDS Personnel Bios. Contact Us Privacy & Security FAQs Copyright Information Accessibility Information Customer Service DVIDS Hub works best with JavaScript enabled Fate brought U.S. soldier to Poland KATY, TEXAS, BY, GERMANY 04.04.2017 Story by Staff Sgt. Jennifer Bunn  2nd Cavalry Regiment ✔ ✗ Subscribe 19 ROSE BARRACKS, Germany - "I believe in what we are doing, in what the 2d Cavalry Regiment is doing. I am actually really proud to work with our NATO Allies," exclaimed Staff Sgt. Nathan Joachim, his second day since arriving at Bemowo Piskie Training Area in Orzysz, Poland, March 31, 2017. As a Soldier assigned to Ghost Troop, 2d Squadron, 2CR, he will be part of Battle Group Poland during a six-month, April through September, rotation supporting NATO's enhanced Forward Presence. This first rotation in Orzysz for eFP will include Poland, Romania, United Kingdom and United States Soldiers who are all a part of an Alliance who are in a forward deployed defense and deterrence posture in Eastern Europe to protect and reassure NATO's Eastern member states of their security. It took Joachim a few years to get where he is now. Becoming a Soldier was a big step for him. A leap of fate. "I always wanted to join (the military), I was just scared to jump out of my comfort zone." That was his sentiment back in 2008 when he was caught with the life decisions all young people are faced with leaving high school. After the graduation ceremony, where do you go from there? The handshakes and congratulations diminish as the sun fades over the horizon. You are an adult now. Jump from the nest and see where you land. Joachim landed hard. When the reality of adulthood hit him square in the face a couple years later, he needed a change. He was having a hard time keeping up with five college classes and two jobs. At 21, prospects looked dim when he was laid off from Walmart and his job at Hollywood Video came to an end with the advent of Netflix. Joachim had a lot to think about, but it did not take him long to find the closest recruiting office. "Losing my job was like the biggest sign of fate," he exclaimed. "It was like 'wake up, join the Army'." The military is not prominent in the Joachim house hold in Katy, Texas. Outside of an uncle who worked in a combat support hospital during Vietnam, his grandfather who was a captain in the Air Force before he was born and with five younger siblings, he is the only one that joined. Since elementary school Joachim has held anyone in the U.S. military in high esteem. As a sophomore he thought about becoming a Marine, but of course he changed his mind and became a Soldier. "I have always looked up to those people and joining has been one of the best choices of my life because I always wanted to make a difference somehow in my life," he said. In March of 2010, he found himself on Sand Hill as a clean-shaven infantryman recruit. He completed both basic and advanced individual training at Fort Benning, Ga. and was shipped off to his first duty station at Fort Campbell, Ky. The new infantryman was proud to get his start in Dealer Company, 1st Battalion, 506th Infantry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team; a unit whose storied Red Currahee's fought in World War II and earned the reputation as a tactically proficient infantry unit. Joachim soon deployed to a combat zone himself in Regional Command East, Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. "We looked for bomb makers and for bad people," Joachim explained. "But, we also got to help out the villagers. That was the cool part. We had 10 medics with us and we got to give medicine to sick people. That is something I have always wanted to do; to make a difference." In February 2016, Joachim became a member of another storied unit; the 2d Cavalry Regiment, who can trace their lineage, back to 1836. He has continued to make a difference, now in Europe. The past year he participated in several multinational and bilateral training exercises within Eastern Europe countries, his involvement in these events will help him during this eFP mission as a Soldier and a leader. "I am going to use everything I have learned, my experiences and training to be the most useful asset I can to the unit," said Joachim, who recently received a promotion to staff sergeant. Joachim traveled in the weeklong tactical road march in a Stryker Combat Vehicle to Bemowo Piskie Training Area. Along the way, his Troop was selected to set up their vehicles during static displays in Weissenfels, Germany and Wesola, Poland. An experience he will never forget. "It is a welcoming experience," he said. "I like people. I like to see the good in people and that static display was very refreshing. A lot of people respect you; every single one of them was happy for us to be there." During the event in Wesola, he was presented a book made by local school children. The book, made of construction paper is filled with pictures and well wishes. "That was a humongous morale booster when they made us that book and they presented it to me," he said. The book will be taken back to the 2d Squadron headquarters to be placed with other mementos and historical items they have collected through the years. Joachim says he has had a great time in the Army so far and has no intention of getting out. "I believe in what I do. This is definitely going to be a career," he concluded. LEAVE A COMMENT NEWS INFO Date Taken: 04.04.2017 Date Posted: 04.24.2017 13:05 Story ID: 231328 Location: KATY, TEXAS, BY, DE Web Views: 35 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN   This work, Fate brought U.S. soldier to Poland, by SSG Jennifer Bunn, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law. MORE LIKE THIS TAGS Europe eFP Troopers Dragoons #2CR 2d Cavalry Regiment Battle Group Poland #NATO. #StrongEurope Add Tag OPTIONS   Validate Your Account to Download   Register/Login to Download   Download Story   Add to My Downloads   Create TinyURL   Connect to Placements   Add to Playlist   Add News & Images to Playlist   Distribute Story   Schedule Social Post   Edit Story   Printable Version LEAVE A COMMENT Features Content Images Video News Audio Graphics Publications Podcasts Webcasts Stories Storytellers Tell Your Story Awards Units Newswire Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit About DVIDS Personnel Bios. Contact Us Privacy & Security FAQs Copyright Information Accessibility Information Customer Service 24 Hour Media Hotline 678-421-6612
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu CONSCIOUS CONSUMERISM “We have one eye open and one eye closed”: The dirty labor secrets of fast fashion Written by Sarah Labowitz Co-founder, Center for Business and Human Rights, NYU Stern School of Business April 24, 2017 Let companies know that you care where your clothing comes from. (Reuters/Marcelo del Pozo) Share Written by Sarah Labowitz Co-founder, Center for Business and Human Rights, NYU Stern School of Business April 24, 2017 Four years ago today, 1,134 garment workers died when their factory building collapsed in a suburb outside Dhaka, Bangladesh. “Survivors described a sensation akin to being in an earthquake: hearing a loud and terrifying cracking sound; feeling the concrete factory floor roll beneath their feet; and watching concrete beams and pillars collapse as the eight-story building suddenly seemed to implode,” Jim Yardley wrote in the New York Times. Cracks had begun to appear in the building’s structural columns the day before, but factory bosses forced workers to enter the building. It was the biggest industrial accident the world had seen in 30 years—and global fast fashion retailers, including Benneton, The Children’s Place, and Mango were quick to say that they had no connections with the factory. But in subsequent weeks, reporters would uncover that Benetton, The Children’s Place, Mango, and a host of other brands, including Zara, Walmart, C&A, Carrefor, Joe Fresh, and KiK were, in fact, producing in the factories located in Rana Plaza. By April 30, the New York Times reported that New Wave, one of the factories in the complex, had made more than 120,000 pounds of clothing for The Children’s Place in the preceding eight months. This is the mystery at the center of the modern global supply chain: How can brand-name clothing companies, highly valued in the market for their ability to control all manner of production challenges, not know where their products are being made? To investigate this question, I made the first of what would become six trips to Bangladesh in July 2013. I met with factory owners, representatives of the fashion brands, trade unionists, government officials, the president of the trade association of garment manufacturers, lawyers, the World Bank, the International Labor Organization, and the US embassy. What quickly became clear was that the brands’ lack of visibility into their own supply chains was not an accident—or really a mystery at all. People described to me an “open secret” of subcontracting that made many factories invisible to the brands. In this system of garment production, the brands place orders with hub factories, which then farm out production to a series of spoke factories. The brands only see the hub factory, not the spokes—or the workers in them. The reason Benetton, Mango, and Joe Fresh denied they had production in Rana Plaza was because they likely had not placed orders with those factories directly. Rather, they worked through intermediary agents or had placed orders with a hub that had used one of the Rana Plaza factories as a spoke. When Benetton tweeted, “None of the companies involved are suppliers to Benetton Group or any of its brands,” it was probably right—insofar as the company was tracking only its hub factories. The problem is that a significant amount of production happens in spokes, where workers often labor in substandard conditions that help keep costs down. Some time after I had published a long report on subcontracting in the apparel supply chain, I gave a talk to a group of mid-level fashion buyers in New York. I asked the room of more than 100 buyers if the practices I described—large factories subcontracting to smaller, substandard factories outside any kind of inspection or safety regime—sounded familiar. The first two buyers to raise their hands protested, saying their companies had very strict codes of conduct and that this kind of thing would never happen in their supply chains. But the third buyer, a woman seated in the very back row, was clear: “Oh yes,” she said, “this is exactly how it works—we have one eye open and one eye closed.” Four years after Rana Plaza, the apparel industry in Bangladesh remains a long way from being safe and sustainable. All the effort and attention these last four years has been directed at reforming “bad” factories through inspections, public shaming, and threats of lost business. But this model isn’t delivering results. So maybe it’s time for a different tack: a focus on the brands themselves. Fast fashion is booming, and getting faster all the time. Consumers and investors really like companies that rely on the kind of low-wage, low-tech labor that Bangladesh has in such abundance. So how does a good fast fashion company treat its workers? I have a few recommendations. First, it has a stable supply chain that features long-term relationships with supplier factories. It knows where its products actually are made, which probably means that it doesn’t go through layers of intermediary agents to order those products. The price it pays its suppliers is sufficient to cover decent wages and safety standards for workers. If it has retail outlets in the US and Europe, it pays those workers fairly and doesn’t abuse their time with unfair scheduling practices. And on the runway, it promotes healthy body images for women and men and doesn’t harass its models. Fast fashion doesn’t have to hurt people. It can be good for workers, consumers, and investors. But it has a long way to go—and consumers can help push the industry in the right direction. When we shop, we already consider factors like convenience, style, and price. Paying attention to how companies treat workers also should be part of the mix. When you’re shopping this week, ask about where garments get made—not just the country on the tag, but the factory. Write to customer service pushing for a more transparent supply chain. (Fashion Revolution has some great templates.) Let companies know that you, as a consumer, are invested in the people behind the labels you love. Learn how to write for Quartz Ideas. We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com. Most Popular Scientists have discovered a worm that eats plastic bags and leaves behind antifreeze Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Kara Swisher On Jack Ma's Warnings: Even High Paying Jobs Aren't Immune To Robotics Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} April 24, 2017 1:44pm   Comments Share: Related BABA Jack Ma: Society Will See 'Much More Pain Than Happiness' Over The Next 30 Years Alibaba, Mosaic, Solaredge, Tesla: Fast Money Picks For April 24 Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE: BABA)'s chairman Jack Ma came out with a dire warning to society. During a speech to entrepreneurs, he said the rise of robotics and artificial intelligence technologies will create "much more pain than happiness" over the next three decades. Speaking as a guest on CNBC's "Squawk Alley" segment Monday, Recode's Kara Swisher reinforced the importance of keeping the conversation ongoing surrounding artificial intelligence and automation. Meanwhile, the conversation isn't being discussed — at least not at the federal level. Keeping The Conversation Open Swisher noted that the Trump administration is busy focusing on restoring American jobs in sectors like coal, but behind the scenes, automation improvements and artificial intelligence technologies are killing jobs. In fact, even retailer giant Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE: WMT) set up an incubator lab that focuses on investments in robotics, virtual reality, augmented reality and artificial intelligence to better compete against its rivals. "How many more [jobs] could be lost through AI and what do we do about it," Swisher hypothetically asked. "It's not just going to be the coal miners who are in trouble." Swisher even took Ma's comments one step further and suggested that high paying jobs like CEOs, accountants, journalists and lawyers could be impacted by the rise of artificial intelligence systems. Bottom line, Swisher highlighted Y Combinator's president Sam Altman who recently said in an interview that any repetitive job, which doesn't require any form of emotional connection to the product or customer will be eliminated. "That's a lot of jobs," she concluded. "So, you have to start thinking hard and who has the responsibility to deal with this." Related Links: Even Beer Companies Use AI And Machine Learning Technologies BlackRock's Fink: Robots Will Supplement Humans In Stock Picking ________ Image Credit: World Economic Forum [CC BY 3.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0)], via Wikimedia Commons Posted-In: artificial intelligence Jack MaCNBC Topics Economics Tech Media General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (WMT + BABA) Jack Ma: Society Will See 'Much More Pain Than Happiness' Over The Next 30 Years Alibaba, Mosaic, Solaredge, Tesla: Fast Money Picks For April 24 Analyst: Expect A Retail Bloodbath This Year, And Amazon Not Immune Alibaba, Anadarko, United Rentals, Gold Miners: Fast Money Picks For April 20 Watch These 5 Huge Put Purchases In Wednesday Trade Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From April 18 View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on BABA Trending Recent 1 LPG, CYOU: 25 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 AA, HAS: 8 Stocks To Watch For April 24, 2017 3 NRZ, OCN: Vetr Signals Buy on NRZ As Client Trouble Causes Price To Dip 4 SNE, AMZN: 11 Most Expensive Vinyl Records On The Market 5 EHTH, BAC: Barron's Picks And Pans: Bank Sto... 6 FMCC, NAVI: The Many Facets Of Mae And Mac 7 KNL, OI: Earnings Scheduled Fo... 1 FOXA: Now That Bill O'Reilly Is Gone, Who Is The Biggest Ratings Hog In Media? 2 JCAP, BDX: 12 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Monday 3 OPTT, NEE: Mid-Day Market Update: C R Bard Surges On Acquisition News... 4 OI, CRS: Materials Sector Earnings Outperform: 5 Stocks Read... 5 ILMN, TWTR: There's Something Wrong With Illumin... 6 TSLA, NSANY: Electric Vehicles Face Major T... 7 CMG: Chipotle Having Its Worst D... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Earnings: Caterpillar, Lockheed Martin, and Eli Lilly Report Tomorrow What Is Risk-Off Investing? Have International Tensions Made It The Strategy Du Jour Or Are We In A Risk-On Environment?
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars PC GAMING Elite: Dangerous and Planet Coaster parley digital success into retail game releases Mike Minotti@tolkoto April 24, 2017 9:40 AM Above: Planet Coaster. Image Credit: Frontier Boxes may seem quaint for PC gaming these days, but retail releases can still bring in new customers. That’s why Frontier Developments is bring two of its biggest games to old-fashioned stores. Frontier Developments announced today that two of its PC gaming hits are receiving physical releases. Sold Out Sales & Marketing Limited is partnering with the developer for the boxed releases. Most PC games sell on digital stores like Steam, but large retailers like Walmart still sell boxed PC games. Planet Coaster came out last November. The theme park simulator lets players design their own roller coasters and manage parks. It sold over 400,000 copies in its first month. The boxed version is coming out on May 23. Elite: Dangerous is a space simulator that came out for PC in 2014. An Xbox One version followed in 2015, and a PlayStation 4 version is coming later this year. All three are receiving boxed releases of the game, which are also coming out later this year. Frontier is branding the retail version as a Legendary Edition, which will include the Horizons content additions and give players 1000 Frontier Points (an in-game currency that you can use to buy things like outfits and ships). Elite: Dangerous has sold over 1.4 million copies as of January 2016, the last time Frontier revealed sales numbers for the game. Frontier did not state if anything special would be in the boxes besides the games. “We want Frontier’s great games to be enjoyed by as many players around the world as possible.” said David Walsh, chief operating officer of Frontier, in a press release sent to GamesBeat. “We’re therefore delighted to be working with Sold Out on our retail presence for Planet Coaster and Elite Dangerous.” This post is part of the PC Gaming channel, presented by the Intel® Game Dev program. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices How much puts you in the 1 percent? Depends on your city Investopedia Tim Parker 15 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 13 dying retailers taking the fashion industry with them The best places to retire in the US Click to expand Replay Video Trump trying to avoid government shutdown, strike tax deal Apr.24 -- Bloomberg's Kevin Cirilli discusses Washington’s possible government shutdown. He speaks on "Bloomberg Daybreak: Americas." Bloomberg What percentage of people pay after free Netflix trial ends? Almost one out of three people who use a free trial to try out a streaming video service end up subscribing, researcher Parks Associates said Monday. That "sizeable portion" of trial users dwarfs the amount of people who abuse free try-outs, Parks senior analyst Glenn Hower said. Wochit Business Blockbuster Video's unexpected sequel The first Blockbuster video rental store opened in 1985, and at its peak the company had 9,000 stores worldwide. But that was before Netflix. Blockbuster went bankrupt in 2010, but not every store closed their doors. In fact, there are 12 Blockbusters still open in the U.S., including several in the far reaches of Alaska. Conor Knighton checked them out. CBS News SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO These Are the Wealthiest Counties in America Veuer See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump trying to avoid government shutdown, strike tax deal Bloomberg1:41 What percentage of people pay after free Netflix trial ends? Wochit Business0:33 Blockbuster Video's unexpected sequel CBS News4:15 Support for Trump continues in coal-dependent Wyoming The Wall Street Journal.2:40 See Google co-founder Larry Page's 'flying car' in action CNN Money1:02 Tesla is adopting a risky assembly line strategy for the Model 3 CNBC0:49 Legoland accused of human rights violation because of playground rules Veuer0:33 This airport has more than 80 restaurants, a butterfly garden and a rooftop pool Business Insider1:44 Will Americans see tax cuts this year? Fox Business3:49 Colorado pot shop opens nation's first drive-thru dispensary TODAY3:27 Tiny Oregon town for sale for $3.85 million Associated Press2:20 Fashion retailer Bebe closing all stores by end of May Veuer0:47 Rob Lowe is KFC's new Colonel Sanders Fortune0:54 Apple wants to make your iPhone a lot more eco-friendly Newsy1:05 Why streaming won't kill the music industry The Wall Street Journal.1:58 Here's why Google went to Burning Man to find their next CEO Business Insider1:46 UP NEXT Video by Veuer Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 74.78 -0.16 -0.21% DOW $INDU ▲ 20,763.89 +216.13 +1.05% NASDAQ COMP ▲ 5,983.82 +73.30 +1.24% S&P 500 Index SPX ▲ 2,374.15 +25.46 +1.08% There's certainly been a lot of talk about the top 1% of earners, but do you know how much it takes to join that club? Depending on where you live, your magic number is different, sometimes stunningly different. Some families could join the 1% club simply by moving to a different city. (For more, see Average Net Worth of the 1%.) 5 Places Where It’s Hard to Join the 1% Club The Economic Policy Institute income inequality across United States cities and found the five cities where it will cost you the most to join the 1%. Only the richest need apply. --Jackson, Wyo. – Here, you have to earn $1.65 million to be part of the 1%. Christy Walton, heiress to the Walmart fortune worth an estimated $5.4 billion, is a Jackson resident.  --Bridgeport-Stamford-Norwalk, Conn.– In this region of the Northeast you must earn $1.39 million to be part of the 1%. With 18% of households earning enough to put them in the top 5% of wage earners in the country, it’s no wonder the area is known as the Gold Coast. --Summit Park, Utah – You’ve probably never heard of Summit Park, a city with only about 2,200 homes, where you need to earn $1.2 million to join the club. Even the median income is over $88,000.  --Williston, N.D.– You’ll need to bring in at least $1.06 million to be part of the club here. Williston is in the hotbed of the Bakken shale, where people are bringing in big money drilling for oil. However, lower oil prices have put a damper on the easy money in the area.  --San Jose-Sunnyvale-Santa Clara, Calif.– The good news is that in this region you can earn a mere six figures and be in the 1% club. The bad news is that it still takes just over $964,000 to get an invite to the lavish parties.  Below is a chart detailing the above plus an additional 20 cities where joining the club costs the most.. On the flip side, there are places where you could earn far less and still be considered high society. One of those is Fitzgerald, Ga., where you only need to earn $145,130. With a population of just over 9,000, you’re likely to know a lot of people in the town, and with your high income people will likely want to know you.  The Bottom Line If you’re looking to be part of the 1% club, you can do it with an income not far above $100,000. But doing it in the richest cities in America will cost more. A Lot more. (For more, see How Much Income Puts You in the Top 1%, 5%, 10%?) Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money AdChoices AdChoices More from Investopedia North Korea May Be Responsible for Recent Spate of Bitcoin Attacks Investopedia Hershey’s Pledges to Cut Calories in its Sweets Investopedia GoPro to Release VR Camera This Summer Investopedia Investopedia View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
StyleCaster StyleCaster Fashion Beauty Lifestyle Entertainment SCtv StyleCaster StyleCaster StyleCaster Fashion Beauty Lifestyle Entertainment SCtv StyleCaster StyleCaster Share Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr How To Fix Split Ends Without Cutting Them What's hot Barbed Wire Eyebrows Are a Thing Now, Too 9 of the Best Self-Tanners that Will Give You a Pretty... How to Contour and Highlight Your Face in Under 3... The 8 Foods You Should Definitely Eat for Longer Hair... 10 Pics That Prove Gigi Hadid Can Pull Off Literally... StyleCaster How To Fix Split Ends Without Cutting Them Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr 0 byLauren LeVine 55 Shares 23 hours ago Photo: Todor Tsvetkov/Getty Images There’s no hair enemy as fierce and unyielding as the much-dreaded split end—so when experts offer up advice on  how to get rid of split ends without cutting, you know we’re listening. “Split ends occur when the protective outer layer of the hair cuticle wears away because of external stressors such as heat styling and salon chemical services,” explains Amy Abramite, creative director and stylist at Chicago’s Maxine Salon. “Once the internal structure of the hair is exposed, it becomes weakened, dehydrated and damaged, causing split ends.” MORE: The Kardashians’ Hairstylist Says This Will Be 2017’s Most Popular Haircut The only proven split end treatment method is to have them snipped off, but we asked around and found several things you can do between salon appointments to improve the look of damage and prevent more splits from occurring. Use a wide-tooth comb After you apply conditioner in the shower, slowly run a wide-tooth comb through hair until all the tangles are out. This prevents the snaps and breakage you can incur when you try to brush out hair that is roughed up from a towel-dry, advises Jessie James, stylist at New York’s Marie Robinson salon. Mind your heat tools That bargain-bin blow-dryer may be a tempting purchase, but inexpensive tools tend to dangerously overheat over time and burn ends into splits, warns James. Instead, use a top-rated economical brand like Conair Infiniti Pro 259Y ($24.94; at Walmart), or invest in a professional-grade dryer like Babyliss Pro Volare V1 Dryer with Ferrari Designed Engine ($179.95; at Ulta). Go gentle “Imagine wearing a silk blouse every single day. It would get pretty beat up. Treat your hair like an expensive fabric, and it will last longer and look better,” says Natasha Sunshine, owner of Santa Monica’s Byu-Ti salon. Use only covered elastics with no metal piece, like those made by Goody to tie hair into a ponytail. If you’re looking for a sleek look, rely on products like a gel like Nexxus Exxtra Hold Defining Gel ($9.99; at, Target) and a finishing spray like Rene Furterer Vegetal Styling Finishing Spray ($29, Rene Furterer) to create a smooth finish, instead of pulling hair too tightly to achieve it alone. Take folic acid and biotin There’s a reason they say you are what you eat: Nutrients literally build the proteins that make up your hair strands. Two B vitamins in particular—folic acid and biotin—have been shown to supplement hair health, length, and thickness, says Sunshine. Folic acid helps the production of red blood cells, which powers the growth of hair. Foods rich in folic acid include green leafy veggies, oranges, soybeans, and wheat. Biotin strengthens both hair and nails through its metabolism of fats, carbs, and proteins. Brown rice, lentils, peas, sunflower seeds, walnuts, and soybeans are all rich in biotin. Use leave-in conditioner Conditioners that you rinse out in the shower will do little to nothing for split ends, but a leave-in conditioner will add extra protection that stays on strands as you heat-style and go about your day. Try Living Proof Perfect Hair Day Fresh Cut Split End Mender ($24; at Sephora), which can be applied to wet or dry hair for anytime use. Blow-dry the right way Always use a nozzle on your dryer to control and direct the flow of air, and dry hair in a downward direction before sectioning off and drying completely with a round brush. This way, you spend far less time with intense heat straight on the hair. “If possible, air drying 90 percent before picking up the blow-dryer is even better,” says Sunshine. And of course, if you can naturally dry all the way, that’s always your best option. Limit damaging services There’s unfortunately no way around it—treatments like hair color, highlights, straightening, and perms all cause trauma that can result in a bevy of split ends, says Abramite. Try to limit service to just one major hair concern and refrain from washing strands for at least 48 hours afterward, when they’re most porous and likely to break and split. Not only will hair health improve after you go on a chemical-service diet, but your wallet will thank you. Get regular cuts Although a haircut is the only way to get rid of split ends, regular trims are your best protection against them. The longer you wait to trim, the greater the chance you have of split ends worsening and traveling up the shaft. It may sound counter-intuitive, but this is why it’s actually best to get frequent trims if you’re trying to grow longer, healthier hair. Whatever your hair type or style, our experts recommend you get a cut or trim at least every six to eight weeks. MORE: 17 of the Coolest, Cutest Korean Beauty Products Inspired By Food Originally published March 2016. Updated April 2017.   0 GOT THOUGHTS? SHARE THEM! share pin tweet tumblr 0comments Tags: Beyonce Knowles hair care hairstyles split ends StyleList Promoted Stories About Us Advertise Contact Us Careers Press Signup Facebook Pinterest Tumblr Twitter Instagram Sheknows MediaBeauty and Style copyright 2017 © all rights reserved by stylecaster Privacy Policy Terms Of Use Agreement RSS Powered by WordPress.com VIP StyleCaster Fashion Fashion News Street Style Tips + Trends Shopping Celebrity Looks Beauty Makeup Hair + Nails Skin Care Health + Fitness Lifestyle Home Travel Food + Drink Love + Sex Entertainment Celebrity News TV + Movies Music Culture SCTV WANT MORE? Get STYLECASTER in your inbox STYLECASTER Daily STYLECASTER Beauty Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr Instagram About Us Advertise Contact Us Careers Press Best Deals Privacy Policy Terms Of Use RSS share Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr Facebook Pinterest Twitter
Home Today Today Culture Arts & Entertainment Health & Wellness Native Recipes Pow Wows Social Issues Sports Thing About Skins History Events Genealogy People Sacred Places Traditional Societies Education Native American Students Native Education Native Studies/Tribal Colleges News Business Cartoons Environment First Nations Indigenous Peoples Native News Opinions Politics Veterans Travel Casinos & Resorts Destinations Free Reports Article Archive Calendar Classifieds Directories Nations Education Books Magazine My Library About Us Account Advertising Authors Browse Topics Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Glossary Keyword Index Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Sign In Register Subscribe Home Today Culture Education History News Travel Calendar Classifieds Directories Nations Education Free Reports Books Magazine My Library Trading Post Sign In Register Subscribe Native News The Week That Was: The Big Stories in Indian Country, April 23, 2017 Police mine social media, a pundit compares Indian country to ISIS, and NIGA transpired during The Week That Was: April 23, 2017 ICMN Staff • April 24, 2017 DAPL fallout, Natives as ISIS and revoked liquor licenses characterized this past week in Indian country. Read on. DRYING OUT: The Nebraska state liquor board unanimously voted against renewing the licenses for four beer stores in Whiteclay, a decision hailed as a victory for Oglala Lakota people because of the prevalence of alcoholism on the dry reservation. BATTLING CORPORATE OPOIDS: Declaring an “opioid epidemic of unprecedented proportions” in Indian country, the Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma filed suit against CVS, Walmart and others alleging that the defendants knowingly created the conditions that amount to little more than legalized drug trafficking to citizens within its jurisdiction. ABOUT THOSE SOCIAL MEDIA POSTS: You might want to rethink them after reading this story on police mining activists’ social media posts in order to retroactively level charges against water protectors and other protesters. Tara Houska gives some dos and don’ts on posting about one’s activities. TRUMP TRICKS: Between pipeline approvals, a hiring freeze in the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) and other measure, President Donald Trump is instituting policies that directly threaten tribal sovereignty, reports Duane Champagne. Tribal colleges are pressing Trump to renew the federal relationship that President Barack Obama let lapse. Rep. Raul Grijalva, D-Tucson, and the Center for Biological Diversity filed suit challenging Trump’s proposed border wall on environmental grounds. THIS REALLY HAPPENED: Faced with an angry constituent who pointed out during a town hall in Oklahoma that constituents pay his congressional salary, Republican Congressman Markwayne Mullin said, “Bull crap.” The Cherokee Congresman went on to clarify. “I pay for myself,” he said. “I paid enough taxes before I ever got there and continue to through my company to pay my own salary … This is a service. No one here pays me to go. I do it as an honor and service. This is a service for me, not a career, and I thank God this is not how I make my living.” AND THEN THIS HAPPENED: After the United States dropped the “mother of all bombs” on an alleged Afghanistan terrorist stronghold, Pete Hegseth of Fox News somehow managed to equate Indian country with ISIS. “This is Indian country. This is enemy country,” he said of Afghanistan. “This is a place where if you are there you’re likely collaborating or working with ISIS.” NIGA: The National Indian Gaming Association’s annual conference went back to basics, refocusing on the gaming heart of economic development. Participants took time out to honor Seminole Leader Joel Frank Sr. for his determination to fight for Native rights. HISTORICAL ACCURACY: The new Museum of the American Revolution opened in Philadelphia after 16 years of planning and construction, which finally allowed the Oneida Indian Nation see the story of their contributions come to light. LUMMI 1, COAL TERMINAL 0—FILM TELLS ALL: Last year the Lummi Nation defeated the Gateway Pacific Terminal at Cherry Point (Woo-chee-ah-ken) using the 1855 Treaty of Point Elliott. Now a film is out detailing how that happened. SHOES TO FILL: Herman Agoyo, a member of the Ohkay Owingeh tribal council since 1992 and serving as governor, lieutenant governor and in several other offices, walked on this month. Besides being an author, cultural activist and Native education advocate, Agoyo presided over the placing of a statue of Pueblo Rebellion leader Po’pay in the National Statuary Hall Collection the renaming of the tribe to Ohkay Owingeh. Also being mourned in Indian country were the legal giants Charles Hobbs, 88, and S. Bobo Dean, 84, who walked on within days of each other earlier this year. Their achievements were monolithic, the very foundation upon which Indian sovereignty and self-determination rest today. Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain Download our free report, Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain, to understand this fascinating concept. Download Today! Related Articles Navajo Nation Seeks Sex Trafficking Law Indigenous Scholars Endorse D.C. March for Science HDIMT? Alvina Begay Represents in Boston Marathon; Ah-Tah-Thi-Ki Time in Seminole Country Cherokee Nation Sues Walmart, Drug Companies Over Opioids Liquor Licenses Denied for Whiteclay Beer Stores Near Pine Ridge Reservation Tags Barack Obama, border wall, Cherokee Nation, DAPL, Donald Trump, duane champagne, indian, indian country, indian gaming, Lummi, lummi nation, Markwayne Mullin, native, Native education, tara houska, tribal, tribal colleges, tribal sovereignty, tribe, Water Protectors. Comments are closed. Browse Topics Culture Arts & Entertainment Health & Wellness Native Recipes Pow Wows Social Issues Sports Thing About Skins History Events Genealogy People Sacred Places Traditional Societies Education Native American Students Native Education Native Studies/Tribal Colleges News Business Cartoons Environment First Nations Indigenous Peoples Native News Opinions Politics Veterans Travel Casinos & Resorts Destinations Free Reports 101 Tips for Landing Native American Scholarships and Grants for College 50 Must-See Modern Native American Movies and Performances Sitting Bull, Crazy Horse, Geronimo, Tecumseh and other Heroes of Native Resistance Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain Native Resorts, Spas and Casinos that Support and Reflect the Spirit of their Communities Interested in more information on Native Indian Nation? Visit Our Nations Directory Credit Card Identification Number This number is recorded as an additional security precaution. American Express 4 digit, non-embossed number printed above your account number on the front of your card. Visa 3-digit, non-embossed number printed on the signature panel on the of the card immediately following the card account number. MasterCard 3-digit, non-embossed number printed on the signature panel on the back of the card. × Enter Your Log In Credentials Email Password Remember Me Lost your password? Create New Password No password? Sign up × × Indian Country Media Network 5218 Patrick Road Verona, NY 13478 © 2017 Indian Country Today Media Network, all rights reserved. Today Culture Education History News Travel Free Reports Sitting Bull, Crazy Horse, Geronimo, Tecumseh and other Heroes of Native Resistance 101 Tips for Landing Native American Scholarships and Grants for College Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain More Free Reports Calendar Classifieds Directories Books Magazine My Library Browse Topics Article Archive Keyword Index Glossary Contact Us Advertising About Us Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Account Authors Today Culture History Education News Travel Indian Country Media Network 5218 Patrick Road Verona, NY 13478 © 2017 Indian Country Today Media Network, all rights reserved. Total: 1 2 1 0 0 0 0 1 Share Tweet +1 Pin LinkedIn Digg Del StumbleUpon Tumblr VKontakte Print Email Flattr Reddit Share Love Weibo Pocket Xing Odnoklassniki ManageWP.org WhatsApp Meneame Blogger Amazon Yahoo Mail Gmail AOL Newsvine HackerNews Evernote MySpace Mail.ru Viadeo Line Flipboard Comments Yummly SMS Viber Telegram Subscribe Skype Facebook Messenger Kakao LiveJournal x Send this to friendYour emailRecipient emailYour message Hi, I thought you might find this interesting: The Week That Was: The Big Stories in Indian Country, April 23, 2017 URL: https://indiancountrymedianetwork.com/news/native-news/week-big-stories-indian-country-april-23-2017/ SendCancel
null
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Girls Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Golf Boys Tennis Boys Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Television Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Teen implicated in home invasion by Facebook app pleads guilty Print Email Cole Waterman | cwaterma@mlive.com By Cole Waterman | cwaterma@mlive.com The Bay City Times Follow on Twitter on April 24, 2017 at 10:20 AM, updated April 24, 2017 at 12:47 PM comments Brady J. Rase  BAY CITY, MI -- A teen with the tendency to leave incriminating evidence at the scenes of his crimes has pleaded guilty to his latest felony. Brady J. Rase, 17, on Monday, April 17, appeared before Bay County Circuit Judge Harry P. Gill and pleaded guilty to one count of second-degree home invasion. The charge is punishable by up to 15 years in prison and a $3,000 fine. In exchange, the prosecution agreed to dismiss single counts of first-degree home invasion and larceny in a building, 20- and four-year felonies, respectively. Rase burgled a home in the 1500 block of North Trumbull Street the morning of Sept. 24. A 25-year-old woman arrived home from work to find her bedroom's screen window cut and a safe and prescription medications missing, she told police. Her father, son, sister, and sister's boyfriend were home at the time, but asleep, she told police. Teen lured into arrest by prostitute ruse pleads guilty to stealing gun She told officers she believed Rase was the culprit, saying he was known to burglarize homes. She added Rase is her half-brother's half-brother, court records show. A cellphone was located on her bed. A Facebook app on the phone indicated Rase was the last one to use it. The phone apparently belonged to Rase's brother, but had recently been stolen from him, court records indicate. The woman told police when she left her job at 10 a.m., she noticed her car had also been rifled through. She speculated Rase stole her spare key from her house then went to her work, knowing her place of employment, court records show. Investigators reviewed surveillance camera footage at the woman's work. The footage showed a man get dropped off by another car at about 7:05 a.m. and enter the woman's car. A few minutes later, he exited the car and returned to the car he was dropped off from, court records show. On Nov. 9, the Michigan State Police Crime Lab indicated latent fingerprints investigators recovered from the exterior of the sliced window screen were left by Rase, court records show. By then, Rase was already in jail on an unrelated matter. The morning of Sept. 25, a Bay County Sheriff's deputy responded to a motor vehicle break-in in the 3700 block of Wheeler Road in Bangor Township. The complainant said a brick had been thrown through the front passenger window of his Jeep Sahara and his 9mm Glock pistol was stolen, court records show. The man went on to tell the deputy the gun had been between the driver seat and the emergency brake, though its handle would have been visible from outside, court records show. The deputy found two bricks in the Sahara and what appeared to be blood. The complainant's girlfriend also told the deputy her purse was stolen from the Sahara. She added someone had attempted to use two of her stolen credit cards at the Bangor Township Walmart at about 7 a.m., court records show. The deputy also seized a camouflage cooler at the scene, which the complainants said was not theirs. The cooler contained keys, shoes, chargers, and pill bottles, one of which bore Rase's name, court records show. A neighbor at the scene told the deputy his GMC Sierra had also been rifled through and a bag of change was missing from its glovebox, court records show. The deputy went to Walmart and viewed surveillance camera footage. The footage depicted what appeared to be Rase using the stolen credit cards in an attempt to buy a holster. When the cards were declined, he paid for the holster in cash, court records show. Police went to Rase's house. His mother told them he came home at about 5:30 a.m. with what appeared to be a woman's bag. At about 7 a.m., his stepfather dropped him off at Walmart, the mother told police. Police searched Rase's bedroom and found shards of glass, bloody tissues, the woman's stolen purse containing her wallet and passport, and car keys belonging to another resident in the 3700 block of Wheeler Road, court records show. Bay County Central Dispatch pinged Rase's cellphone, the results of which indicated he was in Bay City. A Bay City police officer then messaged Rase via Facebook, posed as a prostitute, and asked him to meet at a local hotel, court records show. Police went to the hotel and encountered Rase, the stolen gun holstered on his right hip, court records show. Also in his possession were the woman's credit cards, court records show. Rase on Nov. 22 appeared in District Court and pleaded no contest to single counts of larceny of a firearm, breaking and entering a vehicle causing damage, and carrying a concealed weapon, plus two counts of stealing a financial transaction device. Judge Gill is to sentence Rase on both matters at 1:30 p.m. on Monday, June 5. Michigan's Best Follow our last 23 sub search stops with photos, video and more Poll winners and finalists More Michigan's Best » Michigan Prom The cool, unique rides students took to prom Prom 2017: Photos, videos from celebrations across Michigan Jenison couple wins poll for Best Dressed: Week 1 Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Subscribe on YouTube Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out Edmonton LIVE Edmonton More Streams Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada Edmonton Wife of missing man enlists friends, psychics in search of him 'We don’t feel he’s still with us. He would never leave me or the children' By Kyle Muzyka, CBC News Posted: Apr 24, 2017 8:00 AM MT Last Updated: Apr 24, 2017 11:25 AM MT Kellerman's truck, a 2003 Dodge Ram with the license plate BST-8284, is also missing. (Cathy Kellerman/Supplied) Cathy Kellerman remembers her husband as a gentleman. "One of the last few you'll ever get," she said, describing him. That makes it even harder for her to understand why 56-year-old Tyrone Kellerman has been missing for more than two months. Tyrone was last seen at 10 a.m. on Feb. 13 at the Edson Walmart. Police say his dark blue 2003 Dodge Ram with the licence plate BFT-8284 is missing as well. Tyrone Kellerman, seen here with his stepdaughter, Yvonne, has been missing since Feb. 13. (Cathy Kellerman/Supplied) Since Tyrone went missing, Cathy and his friends have spent days looking for any sign of him, checking the farm they lived on and various other spots he frequented for fishing. With no sign of him, both Cathy and the RCMP are stumped on where he could be. "This is out of character for Tyrone," Cpl. Chris Warren told CBC Friday. "There was just nothing to indicate that this was a normal event for him." 'We don't feel he's still with us' Cathy has searched far and wide for her husband, even enlisting a group of psychics to lead search groups. The psychics haven't charged Cathy for leading the search parties, hoping they will find him somewhere on their farm. But Cathy said she is starting to believe her worst fears. "We don't feel he's still with us," she said. "He would never leave me or the children." Tyrone Kellerman, seen here with his family. The family has been searching far and wide for Kellerman since he disappeared. (Cathy Kellerman/Supplied) She said the psychics involved said the same thing. "They all agree that he is not here," she said. Cathy said she appreciates all the help she's received from friends, family and the psychics who volunteered their time to help find her husband. "I've been very fortunate with both of these [psychics] that they were willing to help me in the darkest hours of my life," she said. Warren said though police are continuing to search for Tyrone alive, they are considering all outcomes. "We're considering, you know, all aspects and avenues of an investigation," he said. As for Cathy, she said she hasn't given up yet. "I don't want to give up hope in finding him," she said. "Please, please, if you know anything, tell us so we can bring him home." Police are asking anyone with any information regarding Tyrone Kellerman's whereabouts to contact the Edson detachment at 780-723-8822. Police are asking anyone with information on the whereabouts of Kellerman to contact them. (Edson RCMP) With files from Janice Johnston Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Tuesday Chance of flurries or rain showers 4°C Wednesday Cloudy 5°C Thursday Cloudy 5°C Friday Sunny 6°C Saturday A mix of sun and cloud 12°C More Weather | | Latest Edmonton News Headlines Public hearing on Alldritt Tower proposal to continue Wednesday 'A terrible life, full of violence': Toddler died from head trauma, Edmonton police say Oilers feeding off the energy of their fans as they head into Round 2 video Saskatchewan man, 57, found dead in grain hopper in Sherwood Park One year later, Fort McMurray mayor applauds Red Cross wildfire response but says faster response still needed video Edmonton Index Promos 'A terrible life, full of violence': Toddler died from head trauma, Edmonton police say Inter Pipeline system responsible for crude leak east of Edmonton Alberta ends arrests for unpaid traffic fines, minor infractions Alberta premier challenges Trump on cross-border trade comments Top News Headlines U.S. imposes preliminary duties up to 24% on 'subsidized' Canadian softwood lumber read comments 'A terrible life, full of violence': Toddler died from head trauma, Edmonton police say French voters choose change – but what type? video Abandoned Avonlea: Anne theme park in Japan now like a ghost town Arctic climate warming higher and faster than expected read comments Most Viewed 'A terrible life, full of violence': Toddler died from head trauma, Edmonton police say Family of Edmonton toddler found dead outside church mourns 'a special baby' Alberta premier challenges Trump on cross-border trade comments Wife of missing man enlists friends, psychics in search of him 2 arrested in connection to toddler found dead in Edmonton Street drug W-18 is highly lethal, and still legal Saskatchewan man, 57, found dead in grain hopper in Sherwood Park Pipeline break spills crude oil into Strathcona County creek Cold Lake mom says school bus mishap left 5-year-old daughter wandering streets alone Don't Miss Cosplay goes bad for gamer in Grande Prairie Edmonton woman sues dating service after paying thousands of dollars for a single date Video Dramatic rescue saves 7 horses from icy death in frozen-over slough Real estate council suspends licence of Edmonton's Terry Paranych 'Smear dressed up as a lawsuit': Defendants respond to money-for-sex lawsuit against Oilers owner Abortion, Holocaust comparison prompts calls for sex ed investigation in Alberta Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Email Address A girl's best friend is her guitar Activism Advertising Advertorial American-style (Republican) Christianity Amusing Animals Animation Art Belief Books Class War Crime Current Events Dance Design Drugs Economy Fashion Featured Feminism Food Games Heroes Hip-hop History Hysteria Idiocracy Kooks Literature Media Movies Music Occult One-hit wonders Politics Pop Culture Punk Queer R.I.P. Race Science/Tech Sex Sports Stupid or Evil? Superstar Television The wrong side of history They hate us for our freedom Thinkers U.S.A.!!! Unorthodox Google+ Hilarious Tumblr dedicated to the ‘Dumb Birds of North America’ 04.24.2017 07:55 am Topics: Amusing Animals Tags: Tumblr birds The “Fuck-tailed Flycatcher” as seen on the fantastic Tumblr “Field Guide to Dumb Birds of North America.”   If you’re looking for a way to kill some time today I’ve found just the thing for you—a riotously funny Tumblr called the “Field Guide to Dumb Birds of North America.” According to the “about” page on the hilarious Tumblr it is written by a person who “hates birds” and who is located somewhere in my own home base of the Pacific Northwest. It’s full of crudely drawn illustrations of our fine-feathered friends accompanied by captions that truly show the writer’s disdain for birds. The author has also taken the liberty of renaming some of the birds such as the “Fuck-tailed Flycatcher,” the “White Breasted Butt Nugget,” and the ever popular “Northern Fucker.” Here’s the caption for the unfortunate “Fuck-tailed Flycatcher”: This flycatcher is from the tropics, but many show up annually in North America, some reaching as far as the North Eastern seaboard, even into Canada. It’s impossible to predict exactly where they will appear though because the dumbshits who show up here were trying to migrate from southern South America to Mexico. What a bunch of fuck-ups. Notes: Get a load of this dumbshit’s ridiculous tail.   I’ve included a few of my favorite posts from the faux field guide below for your amusement.     Pine Shitkin: These shits are brown and very streaky birds with subtle yellow edgings on wings and tails, like old underwear. They have a distinctive rising, “brzzzzzzt” call which has been likened to the sound of slowly tearing a sheet of paper in half. How’s that for irritating? Color: Yellow, shit streaks     Common Goon: They stick out in the wild like dumbasses. In the summer-time you might see bunch of these big black & white fish-divers just floating around in the middle of some lake. It’s like a car full of guys in tuxedos, slowly cruising a Walmart parking-lot after hours: suspicious. Creepy red eyes.     Belted King-Pisser: I can’t help but laugh at this ridiculous fish-eating bird. Because look how big his head is compared to his little body – ha ha! Actually, he kind of reminds me of Luis Guzmán, except that I like Luis Guzmán. Mr. Guzmán is a talented and under-appreciated actor. This bird, on the other hand, hunts fish and small amphibians by flying face-first into the water from a branch.     Great Blue Moron: This big moron is found throughout North America. It’s usually standing shin-deep in the water like an idiot. The largest of the North American morons, it is always trying to choke some giant fish down it’s stupid neck. There are plenty of other fish that would fit.     Northern Fucker: This bastard is a medium-sized member of the woodpecker family, native to most of North America, plus some parts of Central America and even Cuba. Apparently it’s one of the few woodpeckers that migrates, so there’s no getting away from the hammering of its stupid beak on old trees. It’s how they get at grubs and beetles or whatever. Some red junk on it’s face, but mostly beige with stupid spots.     White-breasted Butt Nugget: An easy way to identify this dumb nuthatch is to look for the stupid bird in your backyard that spends most of its time upside down. Its diet should be insects and acorns, but this bird is a sucker for free food, so they spend a lot of their time industriously carrying sunflower seeds away from your bird feeder to hide them in random crevices for shame-eating later, when nobody is watching. Bird Note: Their nasal calls are a familiar irritation on winter mornings over much of North America.   Goddamned Canada Goose: Thanks a lot, Canada. These fuckers are considered a pest species. Why? Probably the noise, droppings, aggressive behavior, and habit of begging for food in urban parks. Oh, and then there is the incessant honking, and their long, stupid necks… Basically, everything about these birds makes you want to choke them. Goose Tip: Feeding the geese at the park? Be aware that they can become overly aggressive in large groups. If you have to fight, don’t let them surround you– keep moving and try to take them on individually or in small groups.     Shit-Headed Cowbird: These shit-heads are the worst. They lay eggs like it’s going out of style. Seriously, like one every day, all summer long. The female finds the nest of some other bird, and she throws one of their eggs out of their nest. That’s fucked up. Then she lays one of her own in its place and flies off laughing.     European Shartling: Habitat: fucking everywhere. Pretty much everyone hates this unmusical bird. In urban areas they have huge roosts that cause noise problems, not to mention a giant mess of droppings. But farmers especially hate them because they will straight fuck up an orchard. To add insult to injury, the lazy pricks will eat your animal feed, too. Black with gross pink legs.     Wood Snork: These big bald-headed wading birds are the only member of the stork family that breeds in the United States. More importantly, they really creep me the fuck out. Legs like long black sticks with weird pink feet… skin on their featherless heads formed into small scale-like plates… gross rumple-skinned turkey-necks the size of a baby’s arm… ugh. And they are mostly silent except for their hissing and bill clappering. What kind of bird fucking hisses? Habitat: southeastern swamps, nightmares.   </p><p> TV’s greatest drunk Jim Lahey destroys a bottle of booze as he warns Bubbles about the shit-hawks in this classic clip from ‘Trailer Park Boys.’ Previously on Dangerous Minds: Assemblage Art by Birds This is not origami: Beautiful hand-made paper birds by Diana Beltrán Herrera Posted by Cherrybomb From our partners at Vice     Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus << Back to main Alien egg ceramic cookie jar with Facehugger lid For the first time, legendary ‘1981’ post-punk mix is available to download in full ‘Slow Death’: Flamin’ Groovies live in San Francisco, 1971 Banana: After 50 years the ultimate Warhol Velvet Underground mystery is finally (almost) solved!! In heaven, everything is funky fresh: David Lynch’s dance mix of the ‘Eraserhead’ soundtrack Think Pink: Drool over vintage automotive marvel the ‘Pink Panthermobile’ Unplugged: The Cure play acoustic renditions of their greatest hits Privacy Policy
Skip to Content 11° Passing clouds. Cool. More ▼ ▲ Sign In ▼▲sub menu toggleNews CKNW In-Depth Housing News How True Is It? with Charmaine de Silva World News Business ▼▲sub menu toggleTALK Schedule The Jon McComb Show The Simi Sara Show Steele & Drex Global News Hour at 6 Charles Adler Tonight Weekend Programming Specialty Programming Coast to Coast Reality Check with Bruce Allen Money Talks All Shows Original Podcasts Past Shows Audio Vault ▼▲sub menu toggleCONNECT News/Talk Team BC Elxn Future of Work ▼▲sub menu toggleInsiders Concerts & Events Contests Orphans Fund Menu Listen Live On Air Now Account Sign In Home ▼▲sub menu toggleNews CKNW In-Depth Housing News How True Is It? with Charmaine de Silva World News Business ▼▲sub menu toggleTALK Schedule The Jon McComb Show The Simi Sara Show Steele & Drex Global News Hour at 6 Charles Adler Tonight Weekend Programming Specialty Programming Coast to Coast Reality Check with Bruce Allen Money Talks All Shows Original Podcasts Past Shows Audio Vault ▼▲sub menu toggleCONNECT News/Talk Team BC Elxn Future of Work ▼▲sub menu toggleInsiders Concerts & Events Contests Orphans Fund ▼▲sub menu toggle Emergency Contact Us CKNW Orphans Fund Radio Advertising Careers Stock Images Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. ON AIR NOW10:00 PM - 12:00 AMCoast to Coast CKNW Future of Work Series: The impact of technology in the retail industry Vancouver, BC, Canada / News Talk 980 CKNW | Vancouver's News. Vancouver's Talk Ria Renouf Posted: April 24, 2017 05:00 am (GettyImages-Anadolu Agency) The wide world of retail has become more than just the world of “I want that.” It’s become the world of “I want it NOW.” That has both brick-and-mortar, as well as online shops taking a second look at how to make the customer happy and fast. But what exactly does that mean for the people who make their living through retail? According to Doug Stephens, the founder of Retail Prophet it means they’re actually the most likely to lose their jobs. “Some of these front line, repetitive jobs are going to go away. There’s no question.” LISTEN: Future of Work – Technology in the retail industry  Many people see retail as their first, and most accessible opportunity to snag a paying job. Just click on Craigslist, the B.C. Jobs Website, or Workopolis. It’s easy to spot a number of companies posting entry-level jobs in retail for cashiers, merchandisers, store supervisors and managers. Stephens says the typically basic tasks of scanning, price checking, processing transactions, and tracking inventory are the same ones computers of today are able to replicate. “There are a good number of retailers, and particularly, in certain sectors like the grocery sector that operate on incredibly narrow margins. It’s quite shocking, really, when you start to look at the balance sheets of some of these retailers, how little money they actually put in the bank at the end of the day. I think these companies are going to be looking at technology very seriously, and looking for anywhere they feel that it can replace employees who, through no fault of their own, but by virtue of the work that they do, not adding tremendous value to the experience.” Wal-Mart, Superstore, Safeway, and London Drugs are just some businesses using self-checkouts, while online shopping juggernaut Amazon continues to develop drone delivery, and its next-day-delivery service in Amazon Prime. With costs constantly rising to rein in all this new tech, some businesses have to go the distance to stretch their dollar. A June 2016 study by the Brookfield Institute for Innovation and Entrepreneurship in Ontario says the changes could be incredibly obvious within the next ten or twenty years. (Brookfield Study) As with any kind of technology, Stephens is confident Canadian hubs will see those changes first, the same way we saw ATMs roll out at banks. “A lot of those changes were rolled out in major cities first, where the demand for that kind of convenience existed, where people typically don’t have the time or don’t want to make the time to line up for a cashier or a teller. They eventually make their way out to the more rural populations.” Of the top five jobs listed in the study as being at “high risk” of being automated, coming in at number four: cashiers. As for number one – yep, you guessed it: retail salespeople. (Brookfield Study) But, hold up: Stephens says there’s still a little wiggle room for some retail workers, depending on your business’s model. After all, not all retailers are the same. “If you’re a retailer, and you can legitimately say that the people who work your cash registers and check your customers out of the store add an intrinsic human value and an irreplaceable sort of interaction with the customer, that the customer is delighted with, I think you would be cautioned to replace that with technology. On the other hand, as consumers, how many of our interactions on a day-to-day basis, at the cashier or the check-out, are really uplifting, or inspirational? Retailers are going to be looking at all those positions with a very discerning eye.” It may not all be doom and gloom, though, Stephens says there is a silver lining; he says some retailers may adopt a model in which the worker and artificial intelligence go hand-in-hand. “I see that there’s room to elevate the position of a salesperson, so that these people feel more empowered, that they’re able to do their jobs better, and ultimately, be better brand ambassadors for the companies that they work for.” It could be as simple as upgrading a cash register, or adding a few more employees to that self-checkout line to help those who sometimes get confused ringing up their purchases. Prospective workers can even look to the back end of things. Stephens has this piece of advice for someone who wants to find a job in retail, but also wants to keep their skills competitive. “You either have to focus on work that is incredibly specialized. I would say that if you could get a job working in a specialized field of data science, or technology, that would be a pretty safe bet. The retail world right now is desperate and hungry for data scientists that can help them understand this whole concept of big data, and how to use it. On the other side, I would say if you can develop a position or find work that involves tremendous amounts of creativity…so on the marketing side, on the promotions side of the business. If you can work on creative projects that computers, you know, as good as they are at figuring out our taxes, and navigating our cars, they’re still not very good at creative projects. The creative fields and the data science fields [in retail] are the two areas I’d say to focus your energy.” So, to sum up, what does the future of retail work look like? Well, you can expect more automation, with the impact depending on your company’s business model and priorities. We’ll probably see fewer postings up for entry-level retail jobs. Retail work is also expanding to include computing science jobs, that’ll allow companies to interpret retail data to figure out ways to make their business more profitable. And don’t forget the creative side, where marketing goods and services is also an opportunity. Click here to report an error Comments are closed. Trending More Latest More Vancouver Traffic Tweets by @AM730Traffic Current Traffic Incidents You May Also Like More News Facing $2.1-million shortfall, VSB to make final budget decision Wednesday 1 hour ago The Vancouver School Board is still dealing with money problems as it tries to hash out an operating... Read More Vancouver police looking for man in need of medication 3 hours ago Vancouver Police officers need your help finding a 62-year old man who has serious health problems. Paul... Read More Prominent Vancouver lawyer loses bid to have suspension overturned 4 hours ago The Law Society of BC's Review Board has upheld the four-month suspension of a Vancouver-based immigration... Read More B.C. SPCA closing in on "booby-trapped" dog food culprit 5 hours ago The B.C. SPCA say they are nearing in on a person of interest in a Strathcona park case that has dog... Read More More News Emergency Contact Us CKNW Orphans Fund Radio Advertising Careers Stock Images Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.
null
Hot Topics: Rosebud Motel Fire Loveland Recycling Butterfly Sanctuary Colo. Eagles Comeback Have Fun in NoCo Loveland Choral Society Cleveland Ave. Narrowing RH Line Police Calls Daily Record: Loveland police calls April 21-23, 2017 Posted:   04/23/2017 06:26:34 PM MDT Notable Calls Friday • 1 p.m. Criminal mischief, 500 block of West Eisenhower Blvd. • 1 p.m. Shoplift in progress, Canyon Collectibles, 213 E. Fourth St. • 2 p.m. Shoplift in progress, Hobby Lobby, 3133 N. Garfield Ave. • 2 p.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, 5700 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard. • 2 p.m. Forgery/counterfeit, Kohl's, 1340 Sculptor Drive. • 6 p.m. Theft, 300 block of West Ninth Street. • 7 p.m. Burglary, Loveland Feed and Grain, 130 W. Third St. • 8 p.m. DUI, East Eisenhower Boulevard and North Madison Avenue. • 10 p.m. Theft, Wal-Mart Supercenter East, 1325 N. Denver Ave. • 10 p.m. Physical disturbance, 3700 block of Butternut Avenue. • 10 p.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, North Boise Avenue and East Eisenhower Boulevard. Saturday • Midnight. DUI, 1100 block of Baretta Drive. • Midnight. DUI, West Eisenhower Boulevard and Garfield Avenue. • 1 a.m. Driving under the influence of drugs, 5700 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard. • 8 a.m. Fraud, 4300 block of North Grant Avenue. • 8 a.m. Threats, 200 block of 12th Street Southwest. • 9 a.m. Forgery/counterfeit, Barnes Softball Complex, 405 S. Cleveland Ave. • 10 a.m. Traffic stop, 1900 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard. Advertisement • 11 a.m. Physical disturbance, 6400 block of Seaside Drive. • Noon. Burglary, 2400 block of Nyssa Drive. • Noon. Motor vehicle accident with injury, 4400-4700 blocks of Fairgrounds Avenue. • 3 p.m. Motor vehicle accident with injury, North Denver Avenue and East First Street. • 5 p.m. Warrant, 1400 block of Lake Drive. • 8 p.m. Physical disturbance, The Ranch — Larimer County Fairgrounds, 5600 Arena Circle. • 9 p.m. Warrant, 900 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard. • 10 p.m. Hit and run, 1700 block of Kokanee Court. • 11 p.m. Hit and run, 2800 block of Katie Drive. Sunday • 6 a.m. Burglary, 2000 block of Grays Peak Drive. • 11 a.m. Motor vehicle accident with injury, Crooked Stick Drive and Fairgrounds Avenue. Addresses in the Daily Record indicate only where police contact took place and should not imply contact with businesses or residences nearby. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Despite fluctuations, Loveland sales tax revenue is growing Man accused of driving through school Thompson Valley Emergency Medical Services gets new robotic stretchers   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Tuesday , 25 April 2017 ABOUT CONTACT US APPLY CLASSIFIEDS ADVERTISING PARTNERS SOCIAL CU Independent University of Colorado Daily Student News News Trump’s Travel Ban and CU Students series Milo Yiannopoulos Dakota Access Pipeline series Politics Student Government Campus Events 4/20 Coverage People of 4/20 – 2014 Academics Community Lifestyle Beyond Boulder Environment Crime Greek Election 2016 Election Day in Boulder and on campus Election Day in Boulder: Interactive map CUI’s Colorado voter’s guide 2016 GOP debate: Boulder “Your money, your vote”: All you need to know What’s going on? CU Boulder on GOP debate day GOP debate updates Entertainment Music & Playlists Film & TV Good Eats Sports NCAA Tournament 2016 Men’s Division I Basketball Football Women’s Division I XC – Track – Ski Club Sports The Coin Toss Fitness and Wellness The Big Leagues Opinion Columns Ask Alex A Gay in the Life Cannon Fodder Dear Domna Girl on Girl Editorials Our Stance Letters to the Editor Satire Podcasts CU Taboo Tune In Turn Up Tune In Turn Up AMPED Pick Six Keg Tap The Association Luck Be a Lady Visuals People of Boulder Galleries Multimedia Syllabus CUI GRAPEVINE GRADES DATABASE Boulder Whole Foods (Mark Palace/Google+ Photos) Opinion: The potential death of Whole Foods Opinions do not necessarily represent CUIndependent.com or any of its sponsors. For the first time since opening their doors in 1992, Whole Foods is in trouble. The “organic food takeover” by grocery giants such as Walmart, Kroger (King Soopers) and Costco threatens their core business model, and while they can bounce back, they must first change a few important things. As Whole Foods languishes in its longest stretch of declining sales since opening, the organic industry booms. In 2016, the Organic Trade Association reported that nationwide sales of organic food more than tripled between 2005 and 2015. According to The Wall Street Journal, Whole Foods’ competitors, such as Kroger and Albertsons, recently posted annual increases of more than ten percent for natural and organic foods. The grocer’s struggle sent shockwaves through Boulder when the company decided in February to close its Baseline location, one of nine store closures across the country. As such a health-conscious city, you’d think Boulder would be immune to such an event – reality tells a different story. In order to fight back against the proverbial machine, Whole Foods must become more like it – while also staying true to its “specialty store” identity. This involves addressing the high prices that may cause consumers to shop organic elsewhere. In this regard, Whole Foods may be on the right track. In 2015, Whole Foods hired former Target executive, Don Clark, to head its grocery operations. His plan to lower prices by cutting unnecessary costs, as he did during his tenure at Target, could revitalize sales at the organic grocer. Ultimately, future success depends on striking the right balance between quality and affordability. While many people opt not to pay a premium price for exotic produce and specialty meats, sacrificing product quality is not the answer to Whole Foods’ declining sales. Rather, to preserve their identity and lower costs they must make their operations more efficient from top to bottom. Whole Foods must also advertise their strengths more effectively. Commercials consistently tout their product quality, but often forget about their diverse selection of prepared foods. The Whole Foods website lists 14 prepared foods departments, including  the BBQ shack and Parisian café, which they should emphasize in their advertising efforts. If commercials featured mouth-watering temptations for breakfast, lunch and dinner, more people might stop in for a bite to eat while grocery shopping, killing two birds with one stone. Now that the novelty of shopping at Whole Foods has worn off its time for the company to make some changes. As the threat of Walmart and other supermarket devouring the core of its business mounts, Whole Foods must act quickly to reverse its fortunes. While the store does many things well, to attract regular customers Whole Foods must acquire a new outlook on the food-shopping climate of our country. Contact CUI Opinion Columnist Will Suhrie at william.suhrie@colorado.edu Boulder economics organic whole foods 2017-04-23 Will Suhrie Share Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest About Will Suhrie Previous March for Science draws thousands in Denver Next Buffs see success on the road with a pair of monstrous victories Check Also Opinion: Healthy eating starts with formal food education Healthy eating habits need to be developed by a young age. The education system needs to help teach these habits. By Carlisle Olsen Dakota Access Pipeline series Click the thumbnail to read all our stories from behind the protest lines in North Dakota. @The_CUI Tweets by @The_CUI Recent Posts AMPED: Weezer — ‘The Blue Album’ ‘Star Wars Battlefront II’: A new hope for a better game Buffs see success on the road with a pair of monstrous victories Opinion: The potential death of Whole Foods March for Science draws thousands in Denver
People close Home News Watch PEN Photos Videos Style Celebrity Food Bodies Babies Home & Travel Pets Country Crime Human Interest TV Movies Music Politics Royals Shop Premium TIME Health Stay Connected Facebook Tumblr Instagram Pinterest YouTube Snapchat Subscribe Print Magazine All Access Premium Free Trial Gift Box Offer Give a Gift Buy Current Issue Customer Service Advertise With Us Online Magazine Learn More More Special Offers Mobile Apps Sitemap Contact Us Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Copyright © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. Skip to content People Celebrity News Watch PEN Photos Style Celebrity Food Royals Premium Shop Celebrity Erin Moran’s Neighbors Say She Was ‘Full of Energy’ Before She Died in Her Mother-in-Law’s Trailer By Stephanie Petit and Kurt Pitzer•@pitzerkurt Posted on April 23, 2017 at 4:30pm EDT Share Tweet Email   Neighbors of Erin Moran, the actress best known for her work in the sitcoms Happy Days and Joanie Loves Chachi, remembered her as a friendly member of their mobile home community following her shocking death on Saturday. However, they also say she became more reclusive in recent months. Officers in Harrison County in Indiana responded to reports of an unresponsive female in Corydon, Indiana, on Saturday afternoon. First responders determined that the woman, identified as Moran, had deceased, PEOPLE has confirmed (the news was first reported by TMZ). An autopsy is pending. According to neighbors, the actress died in the weathered, gray trailer she shared with her second husband, Walmart employee Steve Fleischmann, and mother-in-law in rural New Salisbury, Indiana. The trailer park is somewhat run-down but clean and quiet. “She was kind of hyper, full of energy,” neighbor Arthur Myers, 81, tells PEOPLE. “She’d walk like she was getting exercise. Always in street clothes. She was always friendly and waved, but I never talked to her at length.” However, in recent months, Moran didn’t venture out very often. “I used to see her all the time, walking up to get the mail or just out for a stroll,” says neighbor David Holt, 61. “She always waved or stopped to say hello. But I hadn’t seen her for a couple of months. She kind of hibernated at the end. It’s so sad. She was a good person.” Unimedia Images/REX/Shutterstock Although Holt said the actress still yearned to return to Hollywood, she was very down to earth. “I recognized her when she moved in around 2011,” he says. “I said, ‘Weren’t you on Happy Days?’ and she said, ‘Yeah,’ in a way I could tell she missed it. She used to tell me how they were one big family, and talk about the possibility of a reunion coming up.” “She didn’t have an attitude, or let on that she felt she didn’t belong here,” Holt continues. “It was just, ‘You’re on top one day, and then you’re on the bottom.’ But I do think she was still hopeful.” Neighbor Jerry Benet, 53, said he once got the courage to tell her he was a fan. “I said, ‘I used to watch your show all the time when I was a kid.’ And she smiled and changed the subject like it was too much to talk about.” Sheriff’s deputies and EMTs arrived at Moran-Fleischmann’s trailer after 4 p.m. on Saturday, followed by a coroner’s van, several neighbors said. Authorities would not publicly confirm where Moran was found when she died. “I had a sinking feeling it was Erin,” says Holt. Moran, best known for her role as Joanie Cunningham on Happy Days and Joanie Loves Chachi, married Fleischmann in 1993. The couple moved into Fleischmann’s mother’s trailer in Indiana so Moran could act as her caregiver, her publicist confirmed to ABC News in June 2012. Before they moved to Indiana, TMZ reported that Moran’s Palmdale, California, home had been foreclosed on. Moran also appeared on The Love Boat, Murder She Wrote and The Bold and the Beautiful. Show Full Article Sponsored Stories More People Logo TV Shocker in the Ballroom! DWTS' Maks Chmerkovskiy & Heather Morris Sound off on Their Surprise Elimination Bodies Viola Davis Takes Airport Style to New Heights in Ab-Baring Sheer Top TV Teen Mom OG's Tyler Baltierra Remains Hopeful That His Father Butch Will 'Stay Clean & Sober' After Lifelong Battle with Addiction More Mel B’s Former Nanny Claims These Photos Prove She and Former Spice Girl Had an Intimate Relationship Brandi Glanville Kisses Boyfriend — and ‘Real Man’ — Donald Friese at Coachella From Emojis to So Much Bling: We'll Never Be Over These Celeb Engagement Announcements Erin Moran's TV Brother Ron Howard Had No Idea She Was Ill, Says Her Death 'Really Did Hit Hard' Grey's Anatomy's Jesse Williams to Divorce Wife After 5 Years of Marriage Load More Stories Most Popular 1 'How Does That Make Sense??': Twitter Reacts to Heather Morris' Shocking DWTS Elimination 2 HUGE DWTS Shocker! Heather Morris Is Eliminated — After Earning the First Perfect Score of the Season 3 Why Erin Moran's Happy Days Costar Anson Williams 'Kept Quiet' After Throat Cancer Took Her Speech 4 Mel B’s Former Nanny Claims These Photos Prove She and Former Spice Girl Had an Intimate Relationship 5 Kourtney Kardashian Recovering From Her Birthday Celebration: ‘I May or May Not Have Thrown Up Four Times’ See Also People Facebook Tumblr Instagram Pinterest YouTube Snapchat All products featured were editorially selected. PEOPLE.com may receive a percentage of sales for items purchased from these links. Copyright © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
My account Change My Password Logout Search Autos Homes Careers Classified Obituaries Postmedia Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Kingston, ON 6° Clear Sponsored by: Haven Home ClimateCare Home News Sports Entertainment Life Money Opinion Homes UR Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Features Videos Contests Photos Let's Renovate Events Weather Polls Playoff Pool Women In Business Nomination Form More Local Ontario Canada World News Local In the courts, March 6-10, 2017 By Kingston Whig-Standard Sunday, April 23, 2017 8:51:44 EDT PM Tweet Change text size for the story Print Report an error In the Courts A compilation of offences from Kingston's Ontario Court of Justice for the period of March 6 to 10, 2017. Only sentences that involved a large fine, probation or incarceration are included. Alicia D. Atkins, 42, was convicted of stealing an $8.99 can of spray paint from the 59 Bath Rd. Canadian Tire store last May and a related violation of probation imposed in August 2014 that required her to keep the peace. She was given enhanced credit on six days of pretrial custody and sentenced to time served. Matthew J. Babcock, 32, was convicted of violating bail granted last October in Brockville by failing to live at the residence approved for him in Kingston. He was credited with 30 days of pretrial custody and sentenced to time served. Justice Larry O'Brien was told Babcock missed a court appearance in Brockville earlier this year and Kingston Police were asked to pick him up in mid-February. Crown attorney Ross Drummond said officers went to the Kingston home of his sister, where he was believed to be living, and learned from her that she hadn't seen him since his court appearance in November. Babcock's lawyer, Francois Dulude, told the judge his client has a drug problem and is essentially without a fixed address. Madyson D. Bathurst, 20, was convicted of violating a release undertaking imposed in Brockville, which forbids her having any contact with her boyfriend. She was given enhanced credit on 20 days of pretrial custody and sentenced to time served. Justice Larry O'Brien was told Bathurst was charged after she and her boyfriend were found together at his father's home. But Justice Larry O'Brien was told her violation was discovered only incidentally by Kingston Police officers who were actually looking for her boyfriend. Crown attorney Ross Drummond explained that Bathurst's boyfriend was on bail at the time, but when officers conducted a compliance check at his approved residence in early February, he wasn't there. Drummond said his bail surety told them where to find him, however, and disclosed that he was with his girlfriend. Douglas Bruce, 52, was convicted of assaulting his adult daughter and carrying a weapon -- a hammer -- for a purpose dangerous to the public peace. He was given enhanced credit on 30 days of pretrial custody, sentenced to a further 15 days in jail and probation for two years. Justice Larry O'Brien was told that Bruce has been diagnosed with schizophrenia but doesn't accept the diagnosis and refuses to take medication. Crown attorney Ross Drummond said Bruce and his wife separated after a 30-year relationship and he left Kingston for a time. Justice O'Brien was told Bruce and his daughter were involved in a verbal confrontation in mid-February, however, after he dumped garbage on the floor of the garage, looking for cigarette butts. Drummond said she told her father that her mother didn't want him in the garage and he warned her to "get out of my face, you're on thin ice." Then later, as she was cleaning up his mess, Drummond said, Bruce suddenly grabbed his daughter by the throat, pinned her to the kitchen counter and punched her in the face. Bruce's lawyer, Paul Blais, said his client disputes the punch and claims it was a slap. It was sufficient, however, for the family to flee the house while Bruce went into the garage, found a hammer, smashed his daughter's phone and told his family, "the next person who says anything is going to get it." Kingston Police officers showed up and tasered Bruce, Drummond told the judge, although he claims that even though he held onto the hammer he did nothing threatening. Robert M. Bush, 28, was convicted of violating a condition of a release undertaking that forbid him possessing or consuming alcohol. He was fined $500. Crown attorney Ross Drummond said Bush was arrested in early March after a Kingston Police patrol constable found him stumbling along, head down, at 2:44 a.m. on Division Street at Raglan Road. He told Justice Larry O'Brien the constable called out to Bush, asking him if he was all right and he replied: "What the f---'s it to you." The constable then asked where he was going and Bush responded: "To my n-----'s, just up there," at which point the constable determined his identity, looked up the terms of his release undertaking and arrested him. Bush's lawyer, Dave Sinnett, disclosed that he's known his client for some time and told the judge almost all of his record is for violating court orders, "and I think alcohol was involved in all of them." He told Justice Larry O'Brien that Bush at one time was enrolled in Queen's University's commerce program and had a bright future ahead of him. His drinking derailed his education, according to Sinnett, who said Bush now works in the building trades. Vanessa J. Chartrand, 27, was convicted of stealing $22.35 worth of snack food from the 357 Bath Rd. Mac's Convenience store in early January, a related breach of probation imposed last October, which requires her to keep the peace; an assault in mid-February on another woman at In From the Cold and a related second breach of her probation by again failing to keep the peace. She was given enhanced credit on 22 days of pretrial custody and sentenced to time served. Justice Larry O'Brien was told Chartrand was refused a bed at the Montreal Street homeless shelter on Valentine's Day because of her drug activities. She was still being refused two nights later, according to Crown attorney Ross Drummond. But he said one of the attendants at In From the Cold offered her a blanket to stay warm. Some time later that night, he told the judge, the woman heard crying outside and went to check on Chartrand, who suddenly lunged and struck her before she could get back through the door. Drummond said Chartrand was later found by Kingston Police sitting at a bus stop. Devon S. Farrant, 28, was convicted of committing mischief by intentionally damaging an interior glass door at 362 Montreal St., the municipal services building that contains Kingston's housing and social services department, Ontario Works offices, and the city's traffic and Provincial Offences Act courts. He was given enhanced credit on 23 days of pretrial custody, sentenced to 10 additional days in jail, probation for 18 months and was ordered to pay $268.56 restitution within the term of his probation for the damaged door. Crown attorney Ross Drummond said Farrant became upset in late January when he was refused assistance by the city. In response, he kicked the office's glass door, shattering it. Justice Larry O'Brien was told that Kingston Police arrested Farrant two weeks later when he turned up again at the building shortly before 1 p.m. in the afternoon. Farrant's lawyer, Clyde Smith, claimed his client actually went to the building, however, to apply for Ontario Works benefits. He told Justice O'Brien the application process involved using a computer program that proved frustrating and ultimately defeating for Farrant, and he lashed out at the door in response. Smith also disclosed that his client has a crystal meth problem and hasn't worked in a couple of years. Farrant told the judge he's now decided to apply for benefits from the Ontario Disability Support Program. Tyler D. Henderson, 23, was convicted of impaired driving. He was fined $1,800 and prohibited for one year from driving. Henderson was charged in mid-December after Kingston Police were dispatched to Division and Concession streets to deal with two motorists who were reported to be arguing and on the verge of exchanging blows. Crown attorney Ross Drummond said officers arrived to find Henderson and his blue 2004 Cavalier, which had sustained significant front-end damage. He told Justice Larry O'Brien the driver of the other vehicle, an older model truck with a solid steel bumper, had left the scene in the face of Henderson's anger, but returned after police arrived. Henderson, the judge was told, claimed the truck had cut him off, while the truck's driver said Henderson was behind him as he turned off Alfred Street and both men claimed the impact occurred in different locations. Drummond said, as near as could be ascertained by police, it happened somewhere between Alfred and Division streets. Subsequent breath testing of Henderson produced readings of 170 mg and 160 mg of alcohol per 100 ml of his blood -- double the legal limit to drive -- and Drummond urged a fine of $2,000. Henderson's lawyer, Mary-Clare MacKinnon, argued for a fine of $1,300 to $1,400, noting that the driver of the truck also had alcohol in his system. She told Justice O'Brien he wasn't charged, but his readings, which were between 85 and 91 mg per 100 ml of his blood, were just over the legal limit. The truck sustained little damage in the collision, the judge was told. Nicholas D.C. Holmes, 41, was convicted in Sharbot Lake of impaired driving. He was sentenced to 60 days in jail and prohibited from driving. Jennifer Kennedy, 34, was convicted of assaulting her mother in mid-January by pushing the older woman into a wall, and later assaulting a Kingston Police constable with a weapon -- a pair of thrown scissors -- that hit him in the leg. She was given enhanced credit on 15 days of pretrial custody, sentenced to a further 22 days in jail and probation for two years. Crown attorney Ross Drummond said Kennedy has mental health problems and she and her mother argue frequently when they're together. The day of the assault, he told Justice Larry O'Brien, Kingston Police showed up in response to complaints about a disturbance. Kennedy's mother told them she no longer wanted her daughter in her home, the judge was told, and two officers tried to talk her into leaving. She refused, told them she'd kill them if they entered the bedroom, where she was seated on a mattress and flung the scissors without warning. Drummond said she was finally removed, but not without resistance: she punched, kicked and tried to bite the same officer she'd already hit with scissors. Defence lawyer Mike Woogh said Kennedy has been diagnosed with schizophrenia and has been on Ontario Disability Support Program benefits for 11 years. He told Justice O'Brien she plans to live with her father following her release from jail. Wayne D. Kimberley, 62, was convicted in Sharbot Lake of public mischief and failing to comply with a police demand for a breath sample. He was sentenced to a total of 45 days of intermittent jail on weekends and prohibited from driving. Lucas J. Laboucan, 18, was convicted of stealing an iPod Touch from Staples in the Gardiners Road RioCan Centre in late October; a related violation of probation that required him to keep the peace; and a subsequent bail breach in early March after he failed to report to the John Howard Bail Supervision Program. He was given enhanced credit on five days of pretrial custody, sentenced to time served and probation for 12 months. Justice Larry O'Brien was told Laboucan picked out a 32 GB iPod Touch, took it to the cashier and tried to pay with a debit card. However, the transaction was declined twice, according to Crown attorney Ross Drummond. The cashier, meanwhile, had already bagged the device, anticipating its purchase, he told the judge. When his second attempt to pay was frustrated, Drummond said, Laboucan grabbed the bag and fled. He was arrested by Kingston Police the following day. The iPod Touch was recovered and Laboucan was later released on bail. In urging time served, defence lawyer Connie Baran-Gerez told the judge her client has significant mental health, cognitive and substance abuse issues and reminded him that Laboucan had previously appeared before him for stealing cough syrup. Ashley L. Litchfield, 31, was convicted of an early February theft of $314.64 worth of goods from Walmart. She was given enhanced credit on 30 days of pretrial custody and sentenced to time served. Crown attorney Ross Drummond said Litchfield arrived at the Midland Avenue store in a Modern Taxi around 9:20 p.m. and very quickly captured the attention of the store's loss prevention officer. He told Justice Larry O'Brien she was observed stuffing numerous items in her pockets, and after a while the taxi driver who'd delivered her to Walmart joined her inside the store. Drummond said the man was seen to hand some things to Litchfield, which she immediately concealed. They then parted company: she headed to Walmart's shoe department and, Drummond said the taxi driver took some items to one of the cashiers, paid, and left to sit outside in his cab. Litchfield later went through the cash as well, paying for several pieces of merchandise, but not the bulk of her shopping, which was secreted inside her clothes. She was intercepted when she tried to leave, however, and the merchandise was recovered. Defence lawyer Paul Blais reminded Justice O'Brien that Litchfield has a drug problem. He observed that she's committed similar crimes many times before and said "she doesn't seem to want help." Kevin MacFarlane, 30, was convicted of violating probation he received last May by failing to report to his probation officer. He was given enhanced credit on 28 days of pretrial custody and sentenced to time served. Ryan McAvany, 30, was convicted on two counts of violating probation he received in October 2016, by failing to keep the peace and by consuming an intoxicant. He was given enhanced credit on 17 days of pretrial custody and sentenced to time served. Justice Larry O'Brien was told McAvany was with two other men, walking near Benson and Division streets in late February around 4 a.m., when they attracted the attention of a Kingston Police patrol. Crown attorney Ross Drummond said McAvany's companions ran off when the police cruiser approached, but McAvany pulled off his shirt, approached the cruiser and laid his naked torso against the front of the vehicle. Drummond said his face was bloodied and he appeared to the officers to be challenging them to fight -- but then he ran away, leading them to suspect that he was under the influence of drugs. Christopher S. Nelson, 22, was convicted of threatening to burn his landlady's home and property in late January; a related violation of probation he received in March last year that requires him to keep the peace; and an additional probation breach arising from his failure to report to his probation supervisor between August and early October last year. He was given enhanced credit on 49 days of pretrial custody, sentenced to a further 46 days in jail beginning March 31, and was placed on probation for two years. Crown attorney Ross Drummond said Nelson, when he made his threat, had been living in the complainant's house for three months, but he was about to be evicted. He told Justice Larry O'Brien the landlady was upstairs, cleaning and doing dishes, which would have been apparent to Nelson when he began screaming that he was going to burn the house down and fire bomb the place. He also yelled, "I'll kick your teeth in, if you go into my room again." Nelson's defence lawyer, Mike Woogh, told the judge that his client has had several short periods of employment, but for the most part has been on Ontario Works since turning 18. Charles M. Serri, 52, was convicted on three counts of theft and three counts of failing to comply with conditions of the court. He was given a six-month conditional sentence and probation for three years. Stephanie J. Seymour, 34, was convicted of an assault committed in 2014. Her sentencing was suspended and she was placed on probation for 15 months. Kyle Thivierge, 30, was convicted of two domestic assaults. He was given enhanced credit on 30 days of pretrial custody, sentenced to a further 90 days of intermittent jail on weekends and probation for three years. Justice Larry O'Brien was told Thivierge slammed his partner into a concrete wall in early February during an argument arising from jealousy, and raised a lump on the back of her head. He then subsequently knocked her backwards onto a bed. Justice Larry O'Brien noted that Thivierge has two prior convictions, as well, for domestic violence involving a different victim. Consequently, Crown attorney Ross Drummond recommended that he receive a sentence of six to nine months in jail, minus his pretrial custody. But defence lawyer Linda Christie prevailed on the judge to impose a shorter sentence he can serve on weekends. She told Justice O'Brien that he has urgent family matters pending, requires medication for his explosive anxiety and has native status and a band card. Drew Y. White, 21, was convicted of assault causing bodily harm. He was given a six-month conditional sentence to serve in the community under restrictions and probation for one year. Adam J. Young, 30, was convicted of violating probation he received in mid-January this year by failing to report to his probation supervisor. He was given enhanced credit on 22 days of pretrial custody and sentenced to a further 33 days in jail. Crown attorney Ross Drummond said Young was arrested in early February when Kingston Police officers, responding to a drug overdose call, found him at the scene.  Featured Businesses Contact us to Advertise » Cleaning Services Molly Maid Real Estate Magret and Richard Paudyn Footwear Becker Shoes Go to the Marketplace » Local Businesses Advertise with us Contribute Send Your Scoop! Share your story, photo or video about something you've seen. Send your story Subscription Start your day with The Kingston Whig-Standard Choose among a variety of subscription packages and stay up to date with convenient home delivery and our on the go digital e-edition. View my options Kingston View, submit, participate! Advertise Advertise online Announce your business Reach potential customers Contribute Send us news, photos or videos Add an event to the calendar Follow The Kingston Whig-Standard Search News Local Ontario Canada World Sports High School Sports Local Hockey Hockey Basketball Baseball Football Soccer Curling Other Sports Entertainment Local Movies Music Television Celebrities Life Health Food Travel Money Homes Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Videos Contests Photos Let's Renovate Events Weather Polls Playoff Pool Women In Business Nomination Form Opinion Editorial Letters Column UR Entertainment Life Money News Opinion Sports Features City Notices My Flyers Autonet Homes Extra Grand Theatre Fundraising Campaign Real-Estate Directories Subscribe Print E-Edition Advertise Online Print The Kingston Whig-Standard Feedback Letters to the editor Postmedia Publications Where to buy Services Autos Canoe Careers Classifieds Homes Obituaries Sitemap Privacy Terms Research Contact-us © 2017 The Kingston Whig-Standard. All rights reserved. A member of Sun Media Community Newspapers part of Postmedia Network. Powered by Fatwire
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Hardware Unboxed Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts News Around the Web Weekend tech reading: Verizon to close its email service, first Windows 10 ARM PCs coming Q4, RIP Harry Huskey By Matthew DeCarlo on Apr 23, 2017, 10:00 AM TechSpot We have decided to close down our email business. We have decided to close down our email business. Over the years we’ve realized that there are more capable email platforms out there. As a result, we’ve made a decision to get out of the email business, which will allow us to focus our energies in providing you with the best in Internet and TV experiences. We will let you know when it's time to choose how to handle your email account going forward via email. In addition, you'll see a message from us when you log into your email from webmail.verizon.com indicating “Email service notice”. All customers will be given two options on how to handle their email going forward, including the ability to keep their verizon.net email address. Click on “Keep verizon.net email address” or “Use any other email provider” to complete the setup. Verizon.com One-upping the NES Classic Edition with the Raspberry Pi 3 and RetroPie Against my better judgment, I’ve tried a couple of times to snag one of those adorable little $60 mini NES Classic Editions—once when Amazon put some of its limited stock online and crashed its own site, and once when Walmart was shipping out small quantities every day a couple of weeks ago. In both cases, I failed. But the dumb itch of nostalgia can’t always be scratched by logical thoughts like “do you really need to pay money for Super Mario Bros. 3 again...” Ars Technica The Intel Optane SSD DC P4800X (375GB) Review: Testing 3D XPoint Performance Intel's new 3D XPoint non-volatile memory technology, which has been on the cards publically for the last couple of years, is finally hitting the market as the storage medium for Intel's new flagship enterprise storage platform. The Intel Optane SSD DC P4800X is a PCIe SSD using the standard NVMe protocol, but the use of 3D XPoint memory instead of NAND flash memory allows it to deliver great throughput and much lower access latency than any other NVMe SSD. AnandTech Qualcomm: First Windows 10 ARM PC coming in the fourth quarter If you want a Windows 10 PC that doesn’t have an x86 chip from Intel or AMD, your wish will be granted in the fourth quarter. Qualcomm said the first cellular laptop with Windows 10 and its ARM-based Snapdragon 835 will come by the end of the year. “Our Snapdragon 835 is expanding into mobile PC designs running Windows 10,” and it’s scheduled to launch in the fourth quarter, said Steve Mollenkopf, CEO of Qualcomm... PCWorld Linux PC builder System76 plans to design, manufacture its own hardware System76 is one of only a handful of PC vendors that exclusively sells computers with Linux-based software. Up until now, that’s meant the company has chosen hardware that it could guarantee would work well with custom firmware and the Ubuntu Linux operating system. But unlike larger PC companies (think Acer, Apple, Asus, Dell, Lenovo, and HP), System76... Liliputing How cybercrooks put the beatdown on my beats Last month Yours Truly got snookered by a too-good-to-be-true online scam in which some dirtball hijacked an Amazon merchant’s account and used it to pimp steeply discounted electronics that he never intended to sell. Amazon refunded my money, and the legitimate seller never did figure out how his account was hacked. But such attacks are becoming more prevalent of late as crooks increasingly turn to online crimeware services that make it a cakewalk to cash out stolen passwords. Krebs on Security Harry Huskey, pioneering computer scientist, is dead at 101 Harry Huskey, one of the last surviving scientists in the vanguard of the computer revolution, who helped develop what was once billed as the first personal computer because it took only one person to operate, though it was the size of two refrigerators, died on April 9 at his home in Santa Cruz, Calif. He was 101. The NY Times Bleszinski: “AAA is a nearly unsustainable model” The AAA model in increasingly developing into a market in which only the biggest companies can survive - and even then the design of these titles will become more stagnant. That's according to Boss Key Productions founder and Gears of War creator Cliff Bleszinski. Speaking to attendees at Reboot Develop today, the veteran games developer discussed the "really, really weird spot" blockbuster games have found themselves in, and pondered potential solutions. GamesIndustry.biz How much do video game companies make off DLC and add-ons? Around $5B a year The typical price tag for a full-fledged console or PC video game is around $60, but rare is the game that doesn’t also include an array of add-ons — everything from additional game content to new characters to outfits to in-game currency. It’s become such a popular practice that this “extra” stuff is now larger than some entire industries. The Consumerist Pushing the boundaries of common sense reveals Hitman’s true depth. Time for the rubber duck challenge From the hands-on fibre wire to the long-range sniper rifle and everything in between, a life of assassination is a playground filled with deadly toys. Even something as basic as a screwdriver serves multiple purposes, as a diversion, a means to rig a trap or simply as a substitute for a dagger. There are so many options, but today I just want to know one thing: how far can I get using only an exploding rubber duck? Gamesradar The Windows Store still sucks The Windows 10 Creators Update rolled out last week, and for the most part, we're pretty happy with it. There's a nice new Night Light setting that adjusts color temperature at different times of day to help reduce eye strain, troubleshooters and security features have all been moved into central hubs, and though we haven't had a chance to extensively test it yet, Game Mode is a promising new feature that could potentially help players on lower-spec systems. PC Gamer IOT security is hard: Here’s what you need to know Security for anything you connect to the internet is important. Think of these devices as doorways. They either allow access to services or provides services for someone else. Doorways need to be secure — you wouldn’t leave your door unlocked if you lived in the bad part of a busy city, would you? Every internet connection is the bad part of a busy city. Hackaday DRM for the Web is a bad idea The W3C has been considering a new standard: Encrypted Media Extensions (EME). I asked our crawler folks what the impact of the EME proposal could be to us, and what they came back with seems well reasoned but strongly negative to our mission. I have posted the analysis below for the public to consider. Internet Archive I have found a secret tunnel that runs underneath the phone companies and emerges in paradise Calyx is a famous, heroic, radical ISP that has been involved in groundbreaking litigation -- they were the first company to ever get a secret Patriot Act warrant unsealed, fighting for 11 years to overturn the gag order. Boing Boing Power meter for the entire apartment In the weekend I wanted to do something fun for improving the visibility of energy consumption. I ended up with a nice LED display that shows usage in realtime and some cool charts on my phone. Bogdan's Ramblings Related Reads Weekend tech reading: Microsoft is tinkering with tabbed windows, RIP Robert Taylor, doing taxes on a '50s IBM 403 Neowin's 7 Days of IDF announcements, pocket PCs and Windows 10 wonders Weekend tech reading: DOE funds 3.2-gigapixel camera, 10 ad blockers tested, RIP James Flanagan Post a comment 31 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Samsung's Galaxy S8 takes a run through SquareTrade's breakability gauntlet Red Dead Redemption map project for GTA V canceled after Take Two contacts modding team Larry Page-backed startup reveals electric flying vehicle that launches this year Popular 11 comments 3-Way Mechanical RGB Keyboard Battle 9 comments Samsung's Galaxy S8 takes a run through SquareTrade's breakability gauntlet Just 23% of people now prefer watching TV shows on televisions Larry Page-backed startup reveals electric flying vehicle that launches this year How I hacked my smart TV from my bed via a command injection Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Tue, Apr 25, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Global impact of US’s incredible shrinking stock market More and more companies are opting to fund their growth via private markets about 2 hours ago Proinsias O'Mahony Snap’s IPO: Snapchat’s owner waited until it had secured a valuation of $25bn before going public. Photograph: Michael Nagle/Bloomberg/Getty Images         The US stock market may be the biggest and most prestigious in the world, but more and more companies are choosing to ignore it, which has major consequences for global investors. The number of publicly traded US companies has more than halved over the last 20 years, according to a recent Credit Suisse report, The Incredible Shrinking Universe of Stocks. The report, written by the firm’s head of global financial strategies, acclaimed behavioural finance author Michael Mauboussin, notes that there are now fewer listed companies than there were in 1976, despite the fact that the US economy has tripled in size over the same period. The Wilshire 5000 Total Market Index, established in 1974 to reflect the country’s 5,000 or so stocks, now has only 3,618 components, fewer than half 1996’s peak levels. This is a peculiarly US phenomenon. Looking at 13 other developed markets, Mauboussin found that the number of public companies has risen by about 50 per cent since 1996. In theory, the US should have more than 9,500 listings today, the report estimates, meaning there is now a yawning listing gap of more than 5,800 companies. Between 1976 and 2000, an average of 282 companies went public each year. Again, the peak was in 1996, when there were 706 initial public offerings (IPOs). Last year, that number had dwindled to just 105. Today’s companies are waiting a lot longer to go public. It’s notable that Twitter, for example, waited until it was worth $14 billion (€13.1 billion) before going public; Snapchat owner Snap waited until it had secured a valuation of about $25 billion; Facebook was worth more than $100 billion before it finally went public in 2012. In contrast, internet darling Netscape was valued at around $1.5 billion when it went public in 1995, just over a year after being founded. The average market capitalisation of companies going public today is almost $7 billion, more than four times larger than 1996’s average valuations. Higher visibility So what’s going on? The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which resulted in increased regulations and higher costs for companies going public, is likely a contributory factor deterring smaller, less profitable companies. However, the “trend toward delisting was firmly in place” years before new regulations were implemented, Mauboussin notes. In truth, going public has always been a hassle for companies, what with having to deal with quarterly earnings releases, activist shareholders and higher visibility that can catalyse political pressures. Previously, companies had no choice: if you wanted to raise money, you had to go public. Stocktake: UK election may not be ‘soft Brexit’ game-changer United Airlines should learn the value of a sincere apology Stock pickers face scrapheap as investors turn to algorithms Today, the need for capital is less pressing. Facebook, for example, generated $1.6 million in sales per employee last year, while Amazon generated $136 billion of sales using $19 billion in invested capital. More importantly, the companies that do need extra capital can find it in private markets. Late last year, Airbnb raised $850 million in capital. Valued at some $30 billion, this private capital raising allowed employees to sell $200 million of stock. A total of 155 private US companies are valued at more than $1 billion; their combined market capitalisation is $585 billion. Most of these so-called unicorns would have gone public 20 years ago, says Mauboussin. Now, they don’t need to bother. There are more than 3,000 US private equity firms. They manage about $825 billion in assets, up from $80 billion in 1996. Two of the largest companies – the Carlyle Group and KKR – each have more than 720,000 employees in their portfolio companies – and that’s not including Walmart. That’s more than any US listed company. Public companies are also perfectly willing to pay big bucks for private companies, as evidenced by the likes of Google and Facebook snapping up substantial targets WhatsApp, Nest and Instagram. The continued decline in the number of listed companies means the US market, which accounts for 53 per cent of global stock market capitalisation, is changing. Industries are more concentrated. Today’s listed companies are bigger, older firms with higher profit margins and a “greater propensity to return cash to shareholders”, whether via dividends or through share buybacks. Instead of raising money to grow, companies are using the stock market to return cash to shareholders. ‘Major consequences’ The shrinking stock market has “major consequences” for ordinary investors. First, they no longer have the same access to fast-growing companies, many of which are now confined to venture capitalists. With companies waiting longer to go public, it’s becoming almost impossible to capture the upside of stocks compared to previous generations of investors. Mauboussin notes that Amazon was just three years old and valued at $625 million when it listed; anyone who bought at the time would have made 565 times their money. Google went public six years after its founding at a value of $29 billion, resulting in a 20-fold share price increase. Facebook was eight when it listed and valued at $110 billion; investors have made 3.7 times their money, and it is “virtually impossible” for Facebook investors to ever earn Amazon-like returns. Furthermore, analysts are examining fewer and older stocks; markets are increasingly dominated by institutional managers; individual investors are receding in importance – it all means markets are more efficient and informed. Gaining an “edge” in older, well-established companies is “likely more difficult than it is in young businesses with uncertain outlooks”. This increased market efficiency may partly explain the rapid decline in direct ownership of stocks by individuals. Instead, ordinary investors are plumping for indexed or rule-based strategies via exchange-traded funds (ETFs), which began gaining in popularity around the time the population of listed stocks started falling. The explosion in ETFs – there were 658 US ETFs last year, compared with just one in 1993 – has given investors an alternative to buying a specific stock, says Mauboussin. Reduced regulations What can be done to arrest the trend? Mauboussin doesn’t tackle this question, although the options appear limited. There will likely be talk of reduced regulation, although this alone is unlikely to tempt companies that can easily tap private markets for capital. One possibility is that well-established shareholder rights and corporate governance procedures will be gradually overturned. Indeed, this process may already be under way. Facebook and Google have both created classes of shares that weaken the power of shareholders. Snapchat parent Snap recently went further, issuing shares in in its recent IPO that carried no voting rights, an unprecedented move that alarmed corporate governance experts. Shareholders may baulk at the suggestion that their rights might be diluted, but they might equally be displeased at the prospect of an investing universe that continues to shrink and their money being increasingly funnelled into a narrowing basket of stocks. In any case, it remains to be seen whether such a move would entice more companies into going public. With private markets so buoyant, companies may continue to see public markets as a hassle they can do without.       Topics: Michael Mauboussin Amazon Carlyle Group Facebook Google Instagram Kkr Nest Netscape Snap Twitter WalMart Whatsapp  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Energy & Resources Tullow Oil gets 95.3% backing for $750m share sale Work Strategies so you are not adding to unnecessary workplace stress Rugby Gerry Thornley: Leinster look closer to the mountain top Motors Opel’s new Grandland X will take on the Qashqai Sponsored The Story of Home: 'People need a sense of belonging' Charting a family adventure on the Shannon-Erne Waterways ‘I just love it, it’s a lovely place to work,’ says ‘Burlo’ concierge The Story of Home: the designer self-build Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Funds Tracker Keep up to date with your investments   Latest Business Wikipedia founder to fight fake news with new Wikitribune site 07:50 Tullow Oil gets 95.3% backing for $750m share sale 07:24 Billionaire Arnault’s LVMH buying Christian Dior for $13bn 07:18 Euro pauses after rally; Canadian dollar floored by US lumber duties 06:53 Irish funds behind US independent directors to fight investors’ corner 06:45 Most Read in Business 1 If you have any assets overseas you need to read this 2 Irish pharma and medtech at risk from US tax cuts, says Deloitte 3 Direct flights between China and Ireland set to boost tourism 4 Euro pauses after rally; Canadian dollar floored by US lumber duties 5 Billionaire Arnault’s LVMH buying Christian Dior for $13bn 6 Vulture funds step up enforcement out of media spotlight 7 It’s radio ratings time again. Here’s why the numbers are rarely simple 8 Dubai Aerospace to buy Dublin-based Awas Aviation Capital 9 They’re Europe’s fastest-growing companies – and nine are Irish 10 Chris Johns: Lies on economics show beliefs impervious to facts Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Save money on international transfers Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Tue 25/4/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Home Weather 66° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close High tech hope for adults with autism Autistic adults struggle to find their place in the corporate and working world,that's if they make it through college or a secondary education program. One Houston program is offering high tech hope for a promising future. It's called NonPareil , and it's a secondary vocational program teaching crew members social skills and video game design and programming.   KHOU.com , KHOU 9:24 PM. CDT April 24, 2017 CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST An educational program is training adults with autism for a future in the tech industry. What looks like a swanky computer lab is so much more for the young men and women who are coding, building and designing. "Digital technology, interactive technology, videography, art, coding, 2D modeling and 3D modeling,” said Kimberly Charlet. “Everything that's involved with making a videogame.” Charlet is the Vice President of Operations for Nonpareil. The nonprofit organization offers a post-secondary educational program. The program builds on an individual’s interest in technology while furthering their social and vocational skills. Charlet said 90 percent of adults on the Autism Spectrum are either unemployed or underemployed. “Jobs can be very, very difficult,” said Charlet. “We have several crew members who have college degrees, master’s degrees and they can't get a job at Walmart because of the interview process.” She believes the program provides them with a way to not only be their best, but to be a contributor to society and to the program. “They see a future together, they want to work together, and they want to be successful together,” said Charlet. April is Autism Awareness Month.  © 2017 KHOU-TV CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Three killed in crash on Hwy 288 at Bellfort Ave. Missing girl found safe at Hempstead park Train car explodes near downtown Houston Missing girl found safe after search at Hempstead park New info about woman killed, truck stolen in SE Houston Woman murdered in SE Houston home, truck stolen Missing girl in Waller County - 6:32 a.m. update Suspect dead, 1 injured in office building shooting Group fighting to keep monuments in place plans vigil Search continues for missing man in Lake Houston More Stories Galveston casino cruise ship GM explains… Apr 24, 2017, 10:34 p.m. Investigators following money from Deputy Greenwood… Apr 24, 2017, 6:23 p.m. HPD: Body recovered, believed to be from weekend boat crash Apr 24, 2017, 2:49 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Tell Tiffany Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Animals Texans Cheerleaders Houston Rodeo Food CBS TV Shows More... City Pros Sandwich Generation Tech-Gaming More Features Life in Balance Obituaries Buffalo Bayou Park Great Day Houston Day For Night Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist Pet of the Week About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS Cars.com Houston Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Politics   Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin speaks during a signing ceremony with President Donald Trump at the Treasury Department in Washington, U.S., April 21, 2017. REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein    Conservatives Await Details On Trump’s Tax Plan Juliegrace Brufke Capitol Hill Reporter 9:29 PM 04/24/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5610550 Details on President Donald Trump’s plans for tax reform are expected to be unveiled Wednesday, and Conservatives in the House Freedom Caucus are looking forward to seeing the administration’s proposal to bring down rates. The White House largely blamed members of the powerful conservative group for the decision to pull the House Obamacare repeal off the floor in March, alleging they were largely responsible for the lack of votes. Trump went so far as to threaten to support primary challenges against those who refused to get behind the bill, saying he was willing to bypass the group on future legislative priorities. Striking a compromise between the different factions of the conference on health care has proven to be a challenge for the party. Now members appear poised to agree on a bill and appear confident overhauling the tax code will be an easier process than repealing Obamacare. Still, they are waiting to see where the Trump administration stands on one contested component of the leadership-backed blueprint: the border adjustment tax (BAT). “The first two pieces are a home run — so there’s rate reduction and then the immediate expensing. Everyone loves it. Both will pop the economy,” GOP Virginia Rep. Dave Brat told The Daily Caller News Foundation. “On the border adjustable piece, it’s just a standard DC swamp contest, right — the major exporters want it, the major importers don’t want it.” The border adjustment language, which would tax imports while excluding exports, is a key component of the “A Better Way” tax proposal. Proponents argue the measure is necessary to offset major tax cuts and incentivize companies to produce products domestically. Critics argue it could potentially lead to consumers and businesses paying more for imports. The provision generates a whopping $1.2 trillion in revenue over the course of a decade, according to Tax Foundation, but certain economists argue the growth rates from tax cuts alone will be sufficient to avoid adding to the deficit. “Retailers like Walmart will never go along. A carbon tax would be even worse,” Steve Forbes, Larry Kudlow, Arthur B. Laffer and Stephen Moore wrote in a Wednesday op-ed for The New York Times. “The best way to bring jobs back to America is to simply lower tax rates now while rolling back anti-jobs regulations, such as rules that inhibit American energy production.” Secretary of the Treasury Steve Mnuchin said border adjustment is in consideration, but would not confirm whether it will be in the Trump proposal. Both moderates and conservatives in Congress are expressing concerns over the tax plan. Some speculate if the bill is delay it will likely be due to a divide over the BAT. “The key dispute is going to be how the border adjustable piece comes out in the House bill and whether the White House even wants to go there,” Brat said. “Mnuchin is coming up with a tax piece in Treasury, so we’re all waiting to see where and how the White House leads.” The House Budget Committee is expected to unveil its 2018 budget with reconciliation instructions for tax reform in May. Follow Juliegrace Brufke on Twitter Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org. Tags: Border adjustment tax, Dave Brat, Obamacare, Steve Mnuchin Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
GoSearch WTTV TV Schedule Search Contact Us CBS 4 – Indianapolis News, Weather, Traffic and Sports | WTTV Menu News Problem Solvers 4 Our Veterans Local Hot Spots Community Traffic Sports Weather 57° 57° Low 46° High 74° Tue 58° 78° Wed 65° 83° Thu 47° 68° See complete forecast Man finds owner of locket found in Anderson parking lot Posted 8:41 pm, April 24, 2017, by CBS4 Web, Updated at 10:38PM, April 24, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest × Man finds owner of locket found in Anderson parking lot Update: The man who found a locket in an Anderson parking lot Monday says he has found its owner. Owner found!! Thank you!! https://t.co/IFAACdSobl — Dylan (@SnellsonMandela) April 25, 2017 Original story below: ANDERSON, Ind. – A man is searching for the owner of a locket that may contain someone’s ashes. The trinket was reportedly found in a Walmart parking lot in Anderson at approximately 5 p.m. Tuesday. The heart-shaped locket reads “Rick 1958-2016” with the inscription “always in my heart on the back.” The person who found it, Dylan or @SnellsonMandela on Twitter, is asking for help to find the rightful owner. yo, found this locket in the Anderson Walmart parking lot. Pretty sure it has someone's ashes in it… Help me get this back to the owner RT pic.twitter.com/8pCrGiCb02 — Dylan (@SnellsonMandela) April 24, 2017 If you know who lost this potentially precious locket, you’re asked to contact him. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Popular Assessing Colts’ needs in NFL draft: Inside linebacker Man facing murder charge following fatal shooting at Bedford McDonald’s Johnson County Sheriff’s Office warns of ‘FLG’ theft network operating in central Indiana Two children die in Jennings County house fire Latest News Neighbors concerned about drivers blowing intersection stop signs Clark-Pleasant Community Schools discusses grading system Dozens of historic headstones damaged in Lawrence County cemetery Pre-k teacher says she was fired after telling employer she needed brain surgery Crime News Police locate $500,000 worth of stolen construction equipment in Anderson News Avon police find owner of urn left in Menards parking lot News Man mauled by pit bull, neighbors and responding officers credited for saving his life News Driver loses car in parking garage for six months News Anderson University looks to hook young entrepreneurs by offering to pay student debt Crime News Victims lose thousands of dollars to rental scams in Indianapolis News State police work to return $500k in stolen equipment after major theft ring busted in Anderson Crime News Man arrested after allegedly bragging about stealing over $220,000 from Anderson home Crime News Police: Anderson boy brought cocaine to elementary school, told teacher his dad sells it News Friends planning large fundraiser to honor man credited with saving sister’s life News Police: Man slashed tires on 10 cars in airport parking lot Crime News Homicide investigation underway in Delaware County after body found in field Crime News Jury finds Franklin man guilty in death of his 7-month-old daughter Mobile Apps iOS App Android App Android Weather Authority App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 6910 Network Place Indianapolis, IN 46278 • Copyright © 2017, WTTV • CBS Indianapolis - A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra BREAKING NEWS Amber Alert issued for 1-year-old girl in Rancho Cucamonga Full Story Email share share tweet email TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Categories U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Safe from Scams Health Watch Education Watch Ag Watch Business #abc30insider Station Info Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Shows ABC30 Live Newscasts Valley Focus Latino Life Maddy Report Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us BREAKING NEWS Amber Alert issued for 1-year-old girl in Rancho Cucamonga Full Story Email share share tweet email TULARE COUNTY Doctors in South Valley murder trial testify that child died of blunt force trauma Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc30.com/video/embed/?pid=1912932" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Trevor Bishop is charged with murdering his girlfriend's son Jimmy. Bishop says the three-year-old fell on his head after throwing him up in the air while trying to cheer him up, but doctors told the court a different story. (KFSN) KFSN By Brian Johnson Monday, April 24, 2017 06:14PM VISALIA, Calif. (KFSN) -- As the murder trial continues for a South Valley man accused of beating his girlfriend's son to death, two doctors took the witness stand Monday. The trial started last week, and Trevor Bishop is charged with murdering Jimmy Horton, his girlfriend's three-year-old son, while she is also charged with child abuse for his death. Less than a week after Jimmy's death, Dr. Gary Walter performed the boy's autopsy, and after receiving results back from Stanford came to a conclusion about his cause of death. "Acute encephalopathy due to blunt force trauma to the head," he told the court. During the autopsy, Dr. Walter says he found evidence of a large subdural hematoma or bleeding beneath the cover of the brain, believed to caused by blunt force trauma because he says few other things cause the collection of so much blood. "If I had been given no information at all, I still would have seen at autopsy that there had been surgery, serious surgery on the head by removing the bone," he said. "I would have seen that there was a concaveness to the surface of the brain which is relatively soft tissue, and I would know just by that there had been some sort of blunt force trauma to that head." "The CAT scan showed a very large subdural hematoma and some swelling on the left side of the brain and a shift of the brain." Dr. Frederic Bruhn is a pediatrician and child abuse expert. For this case, he reviewed police and medical records and established a timeline of events that took place on March 21, 2013. Bishop takes his girlfriend's children, including Jimmy, to Walmart, where, in surveillance video, Jimmy appears to be acting normal. They return home at around 12:30 p.m. Around 1 p.m., Bishop says he hears a thud coming from Jimmy's room and finds him lying on the floor. Bishop takes the three-year-old to Kaweah Delta's Urgent Care clinic before he is rushed by an ambulance to the emergency room down the street, where he tells doctors this: "He stated patient had a slip and fall earlier this morning," Bruhn testified. "States patient found down at home with seizure like activity. Patient was taken to urgent care, unresponsive." Jimmy, in critical condition, is then taken to Community Regional Medical Center in Fresno, where he undergoes surgery. Later that night, Bruhn says Bishop changes his story about what happened to Jimmy - telling Visalia Police detectives Jimmy fell on his head after throwing him up in the air while trying to cheer him up. Bruhn doesn't believe either story accounts for the subdural hematoma Jimmy had and testified that the hematoma was caused by non-accidental trauma. "It's a better story than the first story, for sure, but there had to be an element where Jimmy was slammed onto the floor to produce this injury this quickly," he said. This trial is expected to wrap up by the end of this week, and Jimmy's mother Desie Horton will be back in court in June for her trial confirmation hearing. Related Topics: newstrialtulare countychild abuseVisalia Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KFSN-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. TULARE COUNTY Investigation continues after alleged sexual battery by Tulare Union janitor on student 21-year-old woman dies after hiking accident at Sequoia National Park Driver flees scene after major crash near Orosi leaves several injured, police say Tulare Union High School janitor arrested for alleged sexual battery on student More tulare county NEWS Scores of roosters rescued after deputies bust Kerman cockfighting ring Amber Alert issued for 1-year-old girl in Rancho Cucamonga Arkansas executes 2 inmates on the same gurney, hours apart Trump to sign executive orders on offshore drilling, Veterans Affairs this week Bill O'Reilly, 'sad' over firing, returns to podcast More News Top Stories Madera Police arrest accused sexual predator who lured 12-year-old on Facebook Amber Alert issued for 1-year-old girl in Rancho Cucamonga Scores of roosters rescued after deputies bust Kerman cockfighting ring Arkansas executes 2 inmates on the same gurney, hours apart 2 killed after a pickup truck and semi-truck collide in Merced County Statute of limitations may free Fresno Unified school bus driver accused of child molestation Driver of stolen semi-truck kills motorcycle rider in Fresno County hit and run, authorities say Show More Investigation continues after alleged sexual battery by Tulare Union janitor on student Thousands march to commemorate anniversary of Armenian genocide California Ag secretary welcomes thousands of students at FFA State Conference Pickup truck smashes into a Clovis business 2 found guilty in 1st trial over Cliven Bundy standoff in Nevada More News Top Video Scores of roosters rescued after deputies bust Kerman cockfighting ring Madera Police arrest accused sexual predator who lured 12-year-old on Facebook Statute of limitations may free Fresno Unified school bus driver accused of child molestation Investigation continues after alleged sexual battery by Tulare Union janitor on student More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Categories Video Photos U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Station Info Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Shows ABC30 Live Newscasts Valley Focus Latino Life Maddy Report Live Well Network LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KFSN-TV Fresno. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Categories U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Safe from Scams Health Watch Education Watch Ag Watch Business #abc30insider Station Info Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Shows ABC30 Live Newscasts Valley Focus Latino Life Maddy Report Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KFSN-TV Fresno
Skip to main content Send a Tip Contact Donate Home About Blog Video Subscribe Search form SearchSearch MRC Business MRC Culture MRC Latino Like ... Follow Hot Topics: France North Korea Sean Spicer Georgia Special Election Womp Womp! WashPost Runs Review Trashing Elizabeth Warren’s New Book By Curtis Houck | April 24, 2017 | 5:23 PM EDT Share it Tweet it 0 shares Well, this was different. In a book review for Sunday’s print edition The Washington Post, The Atlantic’s Emma Green tore into Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren (Mass.) new book This Is Our Fight for neglecting to grapple with the Democratic Party’s many issues following its 2016 election debacle and failing to understand why blue collar Americans backed President Trump. After a few paragraphs providing snippets of the Senator’s thinking prior to Election Day and red-meat language attacking Republicans, Green observed that “Warren has embraced a moral language Democrats often struggle with: good old-fashioned economic populism, complete with references to 'good guys' and bad guys and loads of fiery outrage.” That being said, Green abandons any notion she’ll offer Warren warm fuzzies, excoriating her cockiness: But Warren’s book also reveals the moral languages the senator is less able to speak. She never truly grapples with why Democrats lost, why middle-class voters would choose Trump or whether their anger might be about more than the economy. Warren sees the world through the narrow lens of economic interests, ignoring the deeply held values and beliefs that often determine people’s politics. This attitude is condescending, but more important, it limits Warren’s understanding of America — and why her party has failed so badly. Paraphrasing Warren’s mindset, Green noted that it’s “[f]ocus on regulation and corruption, not taxing and spending...and at every possible moment, highlight the hypocrisy and corruption of the other side.” Green also observed that “Warren styles herself as a populist Cassandra who expected Trump’s victory” while offering “no praise for [Hillary Clinton’s] policies or leadership.” <<< Please support MRC's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today. >>> DONATE Green backed things down in the middle portions of her review, but turned the heat up on Warren near the end, blowing holes in Warren’s rhetoric [emphasis mine]:  Warren has nominated herself as the person to answer that question — perhaps as a senator, perhaps as president...Now she seems to be offering her own soft pitch: Unlike other Democrats, she understands the anger of the American people, she predicted Trump’s success, and she knows what the party should do next. Yet the story Warren tells about the election and America’s anxieties is curiously one-dimensional. She uses standard progressive math to explain Trump voters: Some are racist bigots, some were taken in by a huckster casino owner and some are suffering from intense economic despair. One of the women she follows, Gina, lives in a mobile home in a small North Carolina town. She and her husband barely get by on her hourly wage from Walmart. “We need to tell this story!” Gina tells Warren. “But I really need this job.” Gina, we find out at the end of the book, “proudly voted for Donald Trump, hoping he would ‘shake things up.’?” In Warren’s world, the Democratic Party would win the vote of every Gina in America by fighting for a “playing field that isn’t tilted so hard against her.” But Warren never really tells us why America’s Ginas aren’t voting for Democrats now. Perhaps Warren’s narrow lens has something to do with it. While she mentions the problems of racism and tosses in an obligatory shout-out to Planned Parenthood, those issues are not central to her narrative of how America got the way it is and how Democrats need to fix it. She gives no credence to people’s religious convictions and moral crises. She spends no time on battles over LGBT identity or racialized policing. And she has no patience for arguments in favor of smaller government. To Warren, real political action is never local and communal, but always federal. Green conceded that Warren offered a minuscule admission “[s]ome 200 pages in” that, in Warren’s words, “our side hadn’t closed the deal...Shame on us.” The Atlantic writer opined that this was “an admission of tactical failure, nothing more.” CyberAlerts Campaigns & Elections 2016 Presidential Liberals & Democrats Books Washington Post Elizabeth Warren Follow Curtis Houck Bio | Archive Curtis Houck is the Managing Editor of NewsBusters for the Media Research Center More from Curtis Houck View the discussion thread. Like ... Follow RTP Bozell & Graham Column: Hypocrisy In The Anti-O'Reilly Army Jenner to GOP on ABC: ‘Mess With My Community, I’m Coming After You’ NYT Freaks at Visit By ‘Aging’ Celebs, Forgets Libs Flipped Off Reagan HuffPost Blogger Says Trump Supporters ‘Deserve to Die More Than I Do' In 2016, Late-Night Stars Backfired: 'Propaganda for Conservatives' Comments Like ... Follow Search form SearchSearch Home About Blog Video Subscribe CNSNews.com MRCTV MRC Business MRC Culture Take Action Jobs Advertise Support NewsBusters Support MRC Business Support MRC Culture Support MRC Latino Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2017 Media Research Center The mission of the Media Research Center is to create a media culture in America where truth and liberty flourish. The MRC is a research and education organization operating under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, and contributions to the MRC are tax-deductible. Copyright © 2005-2017, Media Research Center. All Rights Reserved. Federal employees and military personnel can donate to the Media Research Center through the Combined Federal Campaign or CFC. To donate to the MRC, use CFC #12489. Visit the CFC website for more information about giving opportunities in your workplace.
KSHB Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + 7 Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weather Cams Weather Radar Storm Tracker Weather Alerts School Closings Weather Blog Weather Videos Traffic + Gas Prices News + Local State US/World The Now KC Galleries Politics DecodeDC Crime Investigators Education Conquering Addiction Money + ShopSmart Business Don't Waste Your Money Angie's List Financial Fitness Zone Sports + Royals Chiefs Sporting KC College Sports High School Entertainment + Celebrity Movies TV Listings Right This Minute Bounce TV COZI TV The List Lifestyle + Holidays Home & Garden Family Community Calendar Food Pets Science/Tech Taste & See KC Simplemost Marketplace + BBB KC Home Improvement Specialists Video + Latest Videos Youtube Channel Watch 41 Action News Live About Us + Contact Us Contests Meet The Team Advertise With Us 41 Action News Mobile RSS Support KindKC KCLive.TV 38theSpot.com Nichols at Night Current 66 Cloudy 3-Day Forecast HI: -° LO: 57° HI: -° LO: 57° HI: -° LO: 57° More Weather Traffic current alerts 1 More Traffic Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences 1 Weather Alert Flood Warning issued April 22 at 9:18AM CDT expiring April 27 at 2:30AM CDT in effect for: Bates, Vernon 1 Weather Alert Northland neighborhood fighting proposed big-box store Ariel Rothfield 6:52 PM, Apr 24, 2017 5 hours ago Share Article Previous Next Neighbors are lining up to sign a petition to stop a big box store from going up across the street from their homes. Renderings of retail space proposed for Northland. Photos courtesy City of Kansas City City of Kansas City Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Every time Bill Johnson leaves his Northland home he passes acres of farmland. Now, he’s concerned the land could be turned into a big-box store.  Kansas City’s City Plan Commission is considering a proposal to re-zone the area, which if recommended and passed by city council, would allow for a big retail store.  "Let’s put it this way, this place will wreck the neighborhood,” he said. "If it was a small mom and pop place it would not be an issue. But a huge store like that is going to be a big issue with the whole neighborhood.” As 41 Action News spoke with Johnson, other neighbors pulled over to express their concerns with the re-zoning proposal.  "We’re concerned about traffic. The traffic up and down North Cookingham is going to increase significantly and that’s going to force a lot of these patrons to go through our subdivision,” said John Gervais.  “There are so many kids in this neighborhood and my biggest concern is crime and traffic,” said Barbara Chronister, a mother of 13-year-old twins.  Joseph Rexwinkle with the City Plan Commission told 41 Action News no recommendations have been made.  He also said the city has also “not been made aware of the tenant,” only that the proposed use is for retail sales.  Site Plan submitted to Kansas City for re-zoning proposal Renderings of proposed retail space courtesy the City of Kansas City The proposal application obtained by 41 Action News is signed by Rick Rohlfing, the project manager for BFA, Inc.  According to his website, he has helped develop 11 Walmart projects and 11 Lowe’s projects across the Midwest. Though his site plan does not name a specific tenant, Chronister and others believe it is a big-box store.  So she created an online petition in order to present the council with their concerns.  "It’s a quiet, nice neighborhood. Everyone gets along. We have two pools, everyone hangs out in the pool during the summers and we want it to stay that way,” she said.  The City Plan Commission will meet May 2 at 9 a.m. to discuss the re-zoning proposal. The commission is responsible for making a formal recommendation before city council reviews the proposals.  Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story TrafficNews Money Sports Entertainment Life Video Weather KSHB Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Staff TV Listings Community Calendar KC Home Improvement Specialists Right this Minute Laff TV Watch NBC Contests Mobile Apps KSHB iPhone iPad Kindle Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected  Facebook  Twitter  Instagram  YouTube Newsletters Stations Scripps TV Station Group © 2014 The E.W. Scripps Co Site MapPrivacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
News Sports Business Real Estate 67° Sign In Subscribe Full Menu 67° Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com National April 24, 2017 4:00 AM Markeith Loyd texted ex-girlfriend 'hope you don't' live after shooting her, documents show By DAVID HARRIS AND GAL TZIPERMAN LOTAN Orlando Sentinel LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story ORLANDO, Fla. Minutes after shooting his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Markeith Loyd sent her a text message saying he hoped she died, court records released Monday show. "Don't know if you go make it hope you don't," he texted Sade Dixon about 20 minutes after the fatal shooting. Hours later he texted, "you caused this" and blamed her brother – who also was shot – for intervening. Investigators found a 10-page letter in the house where Loyd was hiding after, they say, he shot and killed Orlando Police Lt. Debra Clayton. It was signed by Loyd and gave a detailed account of why he shot Dixon and said killing their unborn child was an "unintended consequence," according to a summary of the letter. The text messages and account of the letter were part of hundreds of pages of evidence filed by the Orange-Osceola State Attorney's Office in the case against Loyd in the slayings of Dixon and Clayton. The manhunt for Loyd began after investigators say he killed Dixon on Dec. 13 and intensified after Clayton's death on Jan. 9 until his arrest on Jan. 17. The documents also reveal that authorities, under the federal Wiretap Act, used wiretaps and cellphone records of numbers associated with Loyd and people who may have been assisting him when he was on the run. No details were included. The FBI and the Florida Department of Law Enforcement's Electronic Surveillance Support Team assisted in the investigation, according to records. The text messages to Dixon provide insight into Loyd's deteriorating relationship with her in the days and hours leading up to her Dec. 13 death. Loyd wrote he was upset she was smoking while pregnant, while she accused him of cheating on her. He told her that he wanted to talk with her about the situation. "All you had to do was answer my calls but you was doing you," he texted. About 20 minutes later, Loyd showed up at her house on Long Peak Drive, shot her to death and critically wounded her brother, Ronald Stewart, prosecutors allege. He also shot at her mother and another brother, according to court documents, but they were not injured. Deputies wrote that they assumed Dixon also had a gun when she was shot because Loyd had threatened her earlier in the night. She never had a chance to defend herself, they allege. Loyd was on the run when he showed up about 6:45 a.m. Jan. 9 at a Wal-Mart on Princeton Street. He bought bottled water, canned salmon, sausage, apples and oranges at the store, court records show. Loyd was checking out, when a 34-year-old woman in front of him recognized him. She later told detectives that he used to be married to her cousin. She went outside and alerted Clayton, who confronted Loyd. Prosecutors say Loyd shot at Clayton nine times with a .40-caliber handgun, hitting her four times. The fatal shot to Clayton's neck came as Loyd stood three feet from Clayton as she lay on the ground, records show. She fired back eight times, striking Loyd in the chest, but he was wearing a bulletproof vest and wasn't hurt, documents state. Loyd drove away and then shot at an Orange County deputy who was pursuing him, ditched his car, changed clothes and committed a carjacking, prosecutors allege. The newly released records also reveal prosecutors don't plan to charge Loyd in the death of Orange County motorcycle Deputy Norman Lewis, who was killed in a crash with a van during the manhunt for Loyd. The State Attorney's Office determined there was no direct link between Loyd's escape and Lewis' death, which was ruled an accident in March, records state. Officers tracked Loyd Jan. 17 to a home on Lescot Lane, where he crawled out and was arrested. Authorities found two firearms, including one with an extended magazine with 30 rounds inside. He is being held at the Orange County Jail without bail while awaiting trial on two counts of first-degree murder and the killing of an unborn child, among other charges. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 days ago Video shows drunk driver nearly hitting pedestrians 0:50 4 days ago Video shows drunk driver nearly hitting pedestrians 1:30 4 days ago Passenger attacks pilot in Kansas City airport 1:36 4 days ago Mole Rat surprise View More Video National Arkansas executes 2 inmates on the same gurney, hours apart The Latest: Spokesman says inmate apologized to director Little Big Man: Celtics' Thomas finding stride after tragedy Arkansas executes 2 inmates on the same gurney, hours apart A look at the procedures and history of multiple executions National Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Breaking News Exclusive: Markeith Loyd texts ex-girlfriend 'hope you don't' live after shooting her, documents show Caption Markeith Loyd wants Miami lawyer with track record for beating the death penalty Markeith Loyd has asked a judget to appoint for him Terry Lenamon, a Miami lawyer who's handled 14 death penalty cases. Markeith Loyd has asked a judget to appoint for him Terry Lenamon, a Miami lawyer who's handled 14 death penalty cases. Caption Markeith Loyd wants Miami lawyer with track record for beating the death penalty Markeith Loyd has asked a judget to appoint for him Terry Lenamon, a Miami lawyer who's handled 14 death penalty cases. Markeith Loyd has asked a judget to appoint for him Terry Lenamon, a Miami lawyer who's handled 14 death penalty cases. Caption Markeith Loyd's request denied by judge for Miami-based attorney; appoints defense attorney Judge appoints public defender to Markeith Loyd. Judge appoints public defender to Markeith Loyd. Caption New details emerge in Markeith Loyd's motive in killing ex-girlfriend New documents give insight into Markeith Loyd's motive behind killing his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon. New documents give insight into Markeith Loyd's motive behind killing his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon. Caption Judge rules on Ayala's removal in Markeith Loyd case - Orlando News Now Representing himself, Markeith Loyd appeared in court on Tuesday as the judge ruled against Aramis Ayala's motion to stay the trial. Representing himself, Markeith Loyd appeared in court on Tuesday as the judge ruled against Aramis Ayala's motion to stay the trial. Caption Markeith Loyd appears in court as judge rules on Ayala's removal Representing himself, Markeith Loyd appeared in court on Tuesday as the judge ruled against Aramis Ayala's motion to stay the trial. Representing himself, Markeith Loyd appeared in court on Tuesday as the judge ruled against Aramis Ayala's motion to stay the trial. David Harris and Gal Tziperman LotanContact ReportersOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy Minutes after shooting his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Markeith Loyd sent her a text message saying he hoped she died, court records released Monday show. “Don’t know if you go make it hope you don’t,” he texted Sade Dixon about 20 minutes after the fatal shooting. Hours later he texted, “you caused this” and blamed her brother — who also was shot — for intervening. Investigators found a 10-page letter in the house where Loyd was hiding after, they say, he shot and killed Orlando Police Lt. Debra Clayton. It was signed by Loyd and gave a detailed account of why he shot Dixon and said killing their unborn child was an “unintended consequence,” according to a summary of the letter. The text messages and account of the letter were part of hundreds of pages of evidence filed by the Orange-Osceola State Attorney’s Office in the case against Loyd in the slayings of Dixon and Clayton. The manhunt for Loyd began after investigators say he killed Dixon on Dec. 13 and intensified after Clayton’s death on Jan. 9 until his arrest on Jan. 17. The documents also reveal that authorities, under the federal Wiretap Act, used wiretaps and cellphone records of numbers associated with Loyd and people who may have been assisting him when he was on the run. No details were included. The FBI and the Florida Department of Law Enforcement’s Electronic Surveillance Support Team assisted in the investigation, according to records. The text messages to Dixon provide insight into Loyd’s deteriorating relationship with her in the days and hours leading up to her Dec. 13 death. Loyd wrote he was upset she was smoking while pregnant, while she accused him of cheating on her. He told her that he wanted to talk with her about the situation. “All you had to do was answer my calls but you was doing you,” he texted. About 20 minutes later, Loyd showed up at her house on Long Peak Drive, shot her to death and critically wounded her brother, Ronald Stewart, prosecutors allege. He also shot at her mother and another brother, according to court documents, but they were not injured. Deputies wrote that they assumed Dixon also had a gun when she was shot because Loyd had threatened her earlier in the night. She never had a chance to defend herself, they allege. Loyd was on the run when he showed up about 6:45 a.m. Jan. 9 at a Wal-Mart on Princeton Street. He bought bottled water, canned salmon, sausage, apples and oranges at the store, court records show. Loyd was checking out, when a 34-year-old woman in front of him recognized him. She later told detectives that he used to be married to her cousin. She went outside and alerted Clayton, who confronted Loyd. Prosecutors say Loyd shot at Clayton nine times with a .40-caliber handgun, hitting her four times. The fatal shot to Clayton’s neck came as Loyd stood three feet from Clayton as she lay on the ground, records show. She fired back eight times, striking Loyd in the chest, but he was wearing a bulletproof vest and wasn’t hurt, documents state. Loyd drove away and then shot at an Orange County deputy who was pursuing him, ditched his car, changed clothes and committed a carjacking, prosecutors allege. The newly released records also reveal prosecutors don’t plan to charge Loyd in the death of Orange County motorcycle Deputy Norman Lewis, who was killed in a crash with a van during the manhunt for Loyd. The State Attorney’s Office determined there was no direct link between Loyd’s escape and Lewis’ death, which was ruled an accident in March, records state. Officers tracked Loyd Jan. 17 to a home on Lescot Lane, where he crawled out and was arrested. Authorities found two firearms, including one with an extended magazine with 30 rounds inside. He is being held at the Orange County Jail without bail while awaiting trial on two counts of first-degree murder and the killing of an unborn child, among other charges. dharris@orlandosentinel.com, 407-420-5471 or @DavidHarrisOS; glotan@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5774 Caption Arrest made in death of 15-year-old girl found by side of road Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings announces an arrest made in the death of 15-year-old  Melanie Mesen Medina. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings announces an arrest made in the death of 15-year-old  Melanie Mesen Medina. Caption Arrest made in death of 15-year-old girl found by side of road Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings announces an arrest made in the death of 15-year-old  Melanie Mesen Medina. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings announces an arrest made in the death of 15-year-old  Melanie Mesen Medina. Caption Teacher arrested, accused of attacking coworker in school closet A teacher at Parkway Middle School was arrested Wednesday on accusations that he put another employee in a closet and battered her, according to the Osceola County Sheriff’s Office. A teacher at Parkway Middle School was arrested Wednesday on accusations that he put another employee in a closet and battered her, according to the Osceola County Sheriff’s Office. Caption Markeith Loyd wants Miami lawyer with track record for beating the death penalty Markeith Loyd has asked a judget to appoint for him Terry Lenamon, a Miami lawyer who's handled 14 death penalty cases. Markeith Loyd has asked a judget to appoint for him Terry Lenamon, a Miami lawyer who's handled 14 death penalty cases. Caption Officials are investigating a shooting near College Park The Orange County Sheriff's Office is investigating a deputy-involved shooting near College Park. The Orange County Sheriff's Office is investigating a deputy-involved shooting near College Park. Caption Sheriff behind viral video aimed at heroin dealers speaks out Lake County Sheriff Peyton Grinnell spoke to the Orlando Sentinel about why he produced a video aimed at heroin dealers while standing next to four masked drug enforcement agents. Lake County Sheriff Peyton Grinnell spoke to the Orlando Sentinel about why he produced a video aimed at heroin dealers while standing next to four masked drug enforcement agents. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Crime Shootings Homicide Markeith Loyd Norman Lewis All Sections News Entertainment Sports Business Classified Travel Obituaries 67°
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 59° Low 56° High 79° Fayetteville 52° Low 56° High 76° Bentonville 55° Low 55° High 76° See complete forecast Delivery Robots Are Being Tested On U of A Campus Posted 5:29 pm, April 24, 2017, by Kathryn Gilker Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email × Delivery Robots Are Being Tested On U of A Campus   FAYETTEVILLE (KFSM) — Things are getting high-tech on the University of Arkansas campus. You may spot robots driving around as part of a test program. Two of Starship Technologies delivery robots are being tested on campus at the McMillon Innovation Studio. Kayla Bruskas is the team leader for U.S. Operations with Starship. She said they can now move along the sidewalk on their own to make deliveries. “They’re able to completely avoid and detect people, dogs, children, just a little bit of everything. So they have a bubble of awareness around them that allows them to maneuver the sidewalks,” Bruskas said. The Starship robots can go up to a two-mile radius. In the future, they could deliver you take-out meals, groceries and packages for as little as a dollar. Bruskas said the testing program includes social acceptance and part testing, which means both the company and the school get insight into supply chain and engineering. “We really are the center of supply chain where companies and Walmart combined are kind of bringing this new energy of supply chain and the latest technologies to the Northwest Arkansas area,” she said. Bruskas said when they first introduced the robots on campus everyone was taking pictures of them. “After a certain point, they’re ignored and we’ve figured out that almost 80 percent of the time after robots have been deployed in the area, they are just completely ignored. So at first I was heartbroken, I was like ‘take pictures of my robot’ but it shows actually how well the robots blend into our community,” she said. The Starship robots were the first thing to come into the McMillon Innovation Studio on campus. Starship has tested the delivery robots in 60 cities and 15 countries. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Mercy Healthwatch Your latest health news. Popular 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Elkins Woman Dies & Springdale Woman Is Critically Injured In ATV Accident 4-Year-Old Climbs Out Of Arkansas River After Boat Capsizes, Tells Authorities His Family Needs Help Two Rescued After Being Trapped Under Fallen Tree At Barling Park Latest News 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Northside Senior Co-Captains Behind Successful Season Inmates Jack Jones, Marcel Williams Executed; First Double Execution In U.S. Since 2000 That $50 Lowe’s Mother’s Day Coupon On Facebook Is A Scam Southbound Traffic Delayed On I-49 After Rollover Accident In Rogers News Northwest Technical Institute Supports Campus Carry Gun Bill News Europe Calls For Mandatory ‘Kill Switches’ On Robots News Volunteers Needed For Benton County Food Delivery Program News The River Valley Virtual Academy Features Aspects Similar To Traditional Schooling News Gov. Asa Hutchinson Signs Campus-Carry Bill Into Law News U Of A Students And Chancellor React To Guns On Campus Bill News Improvement Citizens Wanted For “10-15 Years” Coming To An Arkansas City News No, The Cold Weather Won’t Get You Sick, But Being Indoors Might News Food Recovery Program Brings Healthy Food To Fayetteville News No Guns Allowed On New Medical College Campus In Fort Smith News Berkeley Protests Of Yiannopoulos Caused $100,000 In Damage News Lawmakers Discuss Amendments To Campus Carry News Trade School Fires President After He Gave Homeless Student Shelter In Library During Sub-Zero Weather Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives Boerne council faces heat over new City Hall, creekside Affidavit: Man fatally stabbed victim after argument over barking Cowboys honor Ware, ponder need in NFL draft House, Senate budget chiefs put on a happy face Local S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace House panel considers bill to make serial abuse of children, Two pedestrians struck moments apart in separate incidents On first day of early voting, turnout exceeds 2015 Comal County Democratic Party leader killed in crash US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News North Korea celebrates as South Korea, US keep watch Arkansas executes 2 inmates on the same gurney, hours apart Arkansas execution drugs intended for surgery, heart issues Overcoming Opioids: Special schools help teens stay clean Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases San Antonio's NuStar posts 14% drop in first-quarter profit to IHeartMedia shares drop amid warning it may not survive another Signs point to higher loan growth at Frost Bank Albertsons reportedly exploring takeover of Whole Foods Market Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools Softball: High school playoff pairings Monday’s high school baseball, softball results Golf: Monday’s high school results Cowboys honor Ware, ponder need in NFL draft Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate San Antonio chef goes hog wild on 'Iron Chef Gauntlet' Week 2 San Antonio restaurant inspections: April 21, 2017 Chef Weissman's Le Rêve back for 1 night Review: The best burger in Texas is back on Bexar Pub’s full Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2017 Rodeo 2017 Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties 9 festive things to do in San Antonio this week April 25 DVD roundup Reports: 'Happy Days' star Erin Moran dead at 56 San Antonio teen wins big on reality TV show Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Holidays Trends & Style Beauty and Fashion Tips Better Living Tips Parenting Pets Green Living Why powers of attorney and equity loans are a troubled mix in For blues fans, Mississippi Delta has many stories to tell An unforgettable ultra luxury cruise Ex-University of Texas cheerleaders surprise wedding guests with Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla Trump’s critics playing into his hand Time to pull plug on repeal and replace Vote yes on $850 million city bond Your Turn: April 25 Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews Nissan’s Murano midsize crossover gets some options NISMO option added to 2017 Sentra; first time for Nissan’s Volkswagen will give its new Tiguan, Atlas crossovers the best Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features Farmers fear deportation of workers could hurt livelihood Fearing a worker shortage, farmers push back on immigration Icelandic language at risk; robots, computers can't grasp it Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Home Decorating Single-family homes just listed for sale in San Antonio City Wide Open House San Antonio homes for rent Luxury Home Gallery ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/business/local/article/Albertsons-reportedly-exploring-takeover-of-Whole-11095510.php Albertsons reportedly exploring takeover of Whole Foods Market By Joshua Fechter Updated 5:02 pm, Monday, April 24, 2017 Photo: Ric Francis /Associated Press Image 1of/29 Caption Close Image 1 of 29 The New York-based private equity firm that operates Albertsons has reportedly held preliminary talks with bankers to buy Austin-based organic grocer Whole Foods Market. The New York-based private equity firm that operates Albertsons has reportedly held preliminary talks with bankers to buy Austin-based organic grocer Whole Foods Market. Photo: Ric Francis /Associated Press Image 2 of 29 Activist investor Jana Partners, which has a nearly 9 percent stake in Whole Foods Market, has told the Austin-based grocer it should consider a sale. Activist investor Jana Partners, which has a nearly 9 percent stake in Whole Foods Market, has told the Austin-based grocer it should consider a sale. Photo: Julie Jacobson /Associated Press Image 3 of 29 Whole Foods Market has suffered six quarters of falling same-store sales, a key measure in retail performance, and announced plans in February to close nine stores. Whole Foods Market has suffered six quarters of falling same-store sales, a key measure in retail performance, and announced plans in February to close nine stores. Photo: Julie Jacobson /Associated Press Image 4 of 29 Whole Foods’ sales have fallen in the face of competition from organic grocers such as Sprouts Farmers Market and Natural Grocers and traditional grocers like Walmart and Kroger, which are increasingly moving on Whole Foods’ turf with their own organic offerings. less Whole Foods’ sales have fallen in the face of competition from organic grocers such as Sprouts Farmers Market and Natural Grocers and traditional grocers like Walmart and Kroger, which are increasingly moving ... more Photo: Ty Wright /Bloomberg News Image 5 of 29 Shiner Bock, 6-pk Central Market: $7.99 Whole Foods: $8.99 Shiner Bock, 6-pk Central Market: $7.99 Whole Foods: $8.99 Photo: Matt Levin Image 6 of 29 Poinsettias Central Market: $9.99 Whole Foods: $12.99 Poinsettias Central Market: $9.99 Whole Foods: $12.99 Photo: Matt Levin Image 7 of 29 Chestnuts Central Market: $5.99 / lb Whole Foods: $6.99 / lb Chestnuts Central Market: $5.99 / lb Whole Foods: $6.99 / lb Photo: Matt Levin Image 8 of 29 Dozen eggs, Grade A  Central Market: $3.42 Whole Foods: $2.99 Dozen eggs, Grade A  Central Market: $3.42 Whole Foods: $2.99 Photo: Matt Levin Image 9 of 29 Texas Tea Central Market: $1.29 Whole Foods: $1.79 Texas Tea Central Market: $1.29 Whole Foods: $1.79 Photo: Matt Levin Image 10 of 29 Waffles, organic Central Market: $2.68 Whole Foods: $2.69 Waffles, organic Central Market: $2.68 Whole Foods: $2.69 Photo: Matt Levin Image 11 of 29 Vegetable Broth, organic Central Market: $1.98 Whole Foods: $2.29 Vegetable Broth, organic Central Market: $1.98 Whole Foods: $2.29 Photo: Matt Levin Image 12 of 29 Stacey's Pita Chips Central Market: $2.78 Whole Foods: $3.39 Stacey's Pita Chips Central Market: $2.78 Whole Foods: $3.39 Photo: Matt Levin Image 13 of 29 Peanut Butter Central Market (18 oz.): $2.98 Whole Foods (16 oz.): $2.49 Peanut Butter Central Market (18 oz.): $2.98 Whole Foods (16 oz.): $2.49 Photo: Matt Levin Image 14 of 29 Extra Virgin Olive Oil (500 ml), organic Central Market: $7.29 Whole Foods: $5.99 Extra Virgin Olive Oil (500 ml), organic Central Market: $7.29 Whole Foods: $5.99 Photo: Matt Levin Image 15 of 29 St. Arnold Elissa, 6-pk Central Market: $7.99 Whole Foods: $8.99 St. Arnold Elissa, 6-pk Central Market: $7.99 Whole Foods: $8.99 Photo: Matt Levin Image 16 of 29 Noosa Yogurt Central Market: $2.25 Whole Foods: $2.49 Noosa Yogurt Central Market: $2.25 Whole Foods: $2.49 Photo: Matt Levin Image 17 of 29 Marinara Pasta Sauce, organic Central Market (24 oz.): $3.49 Whole Foods (25 oz.): $2.99 Marinara Pasta Sauce, organic Central Market (24 oz.): $3.49 Whole Foods (25 oz.): $2.99 Photo: Matt Levin Image 18 of 29 Half-gallon low fat milk, organic  Central Market: $3.38  Whole Foods: $3.39 Half-gallon low fat milk, organic  Central Market: $3.38  Whole Foods: $3.39 Photo: Matt Levin Image 19 of 29 Frozen strawberries, organic Central Market: $2.98  Whole Foods: $2.99 Frozen strawberries, organic Central Market: $2.98  Whole Foods: $2.99 Photo: Matt Levin Image 20 of 29 Earth Balance, 15 oz.  Central Market: $3.68 Whole Foods: 2/$6*  *On sale: Regular price - $3.99 Earth Balance, 15 oz.  Central Market: $3.68 Whole Foods: 2/$6*  *On sale: Regular price - $3.99 Photo: Matt Levin Image 21 of 29 Kind bars Central Market: $2.98 Whole Foods: $2.99 Kind bars Central Market: $2.98 Whole Foods: $2.99 Photo: Matt Levin Image 22 of 29 Linguine, organic Central Market: $1.48 Whole Foods: $1.49 Linguine, organic Central Market: $1.48 Whole Foods: $1.49 Photo: Matt Levin Image 23 of 29 Blue Corn Chips, organic Central Market (14 oz): $2.69 Whole Foods (16 oz): $3.29 Blue Corn Chips, organic Central Market (14 oz): $2.69 Whole Foods (16 oz): $3.29 Photo: Matt Levin Image 24 of 29 Long grain brown rice, organic  Central Market: $3.29 Whole Foods: 3.29 Long grain brown rice, organic  Central Market: $3.29 Whole Foods: 3.29 Photo: Matt Levin Image 25 of 29 Cucumbers, organic Central Market: $1.98 Whole Foods: $1.98 Cucumbers, organic Central Market: $1.98 Whole Foods: $1.98 Photo: Matt Levin Image 26 of 29 Bananas, organic Central Market: 68 cents  Whole Foods: 89 cents Bananas, organic Central Market: 68 cents  Whole Foods: 89 cents Photo: Matt Levin Image 27 of 29 Black Beans, organic  Central Market: $1.19 Whole Foods: 99 cents Black Beans, organic  Central Market: $1.19 Whole Foods: 99 cents Photo: Matt Levin Image 28 of 29 Avocados, organic Central Market: $1.99 / each Whole Foods: $1.99 / each Avocados, organic Central Market: $1.99 / each Whole Foods: $1.99 / each Photo: Matt Levin Image 29 of 29 Albertsons reportedly exploring takeover of Whole Foods Market 1 / 29 Back to Gallery Idaho-based grocer Albertsons is potentially eyeing a takeover bid of Austin-based organic grocery chain Whole Foods Market, according to a news report. Cerberus Capital Management — the New York-based private equity firm that controls Albertsons — has held preliminary talks with bankers about a potential buyout, but no formal offer has been made, according to unnamed sources cited in a Financial Times report published Monday. Spokespeople for Cerberus and Whole Foods, which has two locations in San Antonio, declined to comment. Shares for the $11.7 billion grocer popped on news of the potential sale Monday. Whole Foods’ stock price closed at $36.46 a share, up 2.1 percent from Friday’s closing of $35.71 a share. Albertsons is considering the bid after activist investor Jana Partners disclosed a nearly 9 percent stake in Whole Foods in a regulatory filing earlier this month. Jana told the Austin-based grocer it should consider a sale. It also proposed four new nominees to the company’s board and suggested reassessing the company’s real estate strategy and 365 brand of stores, which is aimed at attracting younger and budget-conscious shoppers. Whole Foods’ sales have fallen in the face of competition from organic grocers such as Sprouts Farmers Market and Natural Grocers and traditional grocers including Walmart and Kroger, which are increasingly moving on Whole Foods’ turf with their own organic offerings. The Austin company has suffered six quarters of falling same-store sales, a key measure in retail performance, and announced plans in February to close nine stores. Amazon, which also operates the grocery operation Fresh, considered buying Whole Foods last year but never made a bid, Bloomberg reported last week. jfechter@express-news.net Twitter: @JFreports Text NEWS to 77453 for Alerts Two pedestrians struck moments apart in separate incidents Comal County Democratic party leader killed in crash Texas House, Senate still fighting over $2.5B budget gap Texas police investigate officer-involved shooting The Latest Spurs’ star shares TMI about illness SAPD: Teens seen with 'assault-type' rifle after crash Report: Major grocer may buy Whole Foods 2 S.A. places on Texas' best suburbs list NFL star’s suicide notes ordered released SAPD: Bystander shot when ex-boyfriend fires on crowd Bill might make it harder for S.A. to grow Maps show where the most educated live in S.A., Texas Photos: Over $1 million in wrapped pot line utility trailer... T.J. Maxx, Marshalls in talks to bring distribution facility... 10 problems Spurs need to correct against Grizzlies Authenticity of 'huge' S. Texas rattlesnake debated online North Texas family finds rattlesnake in toilet S.A.-area mom shoots large rattlesnake near home Thousands enjoy Oyster Bake during Fiesta's opening weekend Here are the biggest events still on Fiesta's schedule 43 animal-themed medals to find at Fiesta 2017 What your favorite child stars look like now Actors in their 50s: Then and Now Teen heartthrobs then and now E-N's endorsements for mayoral, city council races Turnout on first day of early voting exceeds 2015 Meet the 11 long-shot candidates for S.A. mayor Recent Breaking News Affidavit: Man fatally stabbed victim after argument over... Dewayne Dedmon is out for Game 4 against Grizzlies Masked robbers hit two S.A. pizza restaurants overnight on... Most Popular 1 BART takeover robbery: 40 to 60 teens swarm train, hold up riders 2 If a nuclear bomb is dropped on your city, here's where you... 3 Man found dead in Chick-Fil-A parking lot in North San Antonio 4 2 teens arrested after wrong-way crash near Medical Center,... 5 T.J. Maxx, Marshalls in talks to bring distribution facility... 6 Aaron Hernandez friends, family turn out for private funeral 7 These are currently the most expensive Fiesta medals listed on... Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign up for our email services. Stop any time.    San Antonio Business news & alerts    Real Estate news & listings    Career news & job listings    Auto news & listings    Breaking news EMAIL: Click here to sign up for News, Sports and more Email Alerts. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
GoSearch Replay: WHNT News WHNT News 19 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WHNT.com Menu News Sports Taking Action Photos On-Air Community Legal Contests Weather 53° 53° Low 50° High 70° Tue 52° 80° Wed 59° 86° Thu 63° 81° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Tad Cummins appears in federal court for arraignment Posted 4:45 pm, April 24, 2017, by CNN Wire, Updated at 09:21PM, April 24, 2017 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video SACRAMENTO, Cal. - The man accused of kidnapping a 15-year-old girl from Columbia, TN, is appearing in federal court at this hour. Tad Cummins was brought to Sacramento, CA, where he is attending his arraignment. His attorney has requested Cummins be taken back to Tennessee to face charges. Tad Cummins had option of pleading guilty today, and trying to stay in Sacramento. He declined & will be returned to Tennessee "forthwith" pic.twitter.com/FWnnMPjA9Q — Ben Deci (@BenDeciFox40) April 24, 2017 The charge carries a minimum 10 yrs to life. Cummins' attorney "Mr. Cummins looks forward to returning to Tennessee to face these charges." — Ben Deci (@BenDeciFox40) April 24, 2017 Cummins is charged in Siskiyou County, CA, with kidnapping and possession of stolen property. He and his former student were found in a cabin in the area on Thursday morning. Cummins is being held without bond. He is awaiting extradition to Tennessee, where he will be charged with sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping. The 50-year-old is also facing the federal charge of transportation of a minor across state lines for criminal sexual intercourse. The charge carries a minimum 10-year sentence. According to investigators, Cummins refilled a prescription days before leaving Columbia, TN. His wife told investigators he had been prescribed Cialis, which is used to treat erectile dysfunction. Cummins reportedly left a note for his wife saying he was heading toward Virginia, maybe even the D.C. area. He wrote that he just needed to clear his head and asked her not to call police. Investigators suspect this may have been his way of throwing people off. The criminal complaint states that Cummins stopped in Oklahoma twice, booking hotel rooms in his own name and even listing his phone number. In both cases, the rooms only had one bed. Photo Gallery View Gallery (4 images) Inline Surveillance footage captured the pair at a Walmart in Oklahoma. Investigators noted that Cummins bought women's razors, chocolate and a lubricant typically used for sexual intercourse. Eventually, authorities caught up to Cummins and the teen in northern California. The cabin they were staying in is tucked away next to a river in a remote part of the county. Officials said the cabin had two cots but no power. They were there for about two days before they were caught. Cummins' next door neighbor described him as a nice person who seemed devoted to his family. Randall Scott said he lived next to the Cummins for a little over a year and spoke to him about his job at the school and the church. He said he was shocked to learn Cummins was wanted for kidnapping. "That was a total character than what I ever experienced," Scott said. "Of course we all have to make decisions every day, and I think he made the wrong decision when he chose to leave the state of Tennessee with a 15-year-old girl." 38.581572 -121.494400 Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Popular Police: Shooting in Albertville over lawn mowing UPDATE: NWS teams find tornado damage in Cullman and Franklin Counties At least 20 boats damaged following dock fire on Lake Guntersville Latest News Bill lets taxpayers vote on county gas tax hike to fund road repair River levels expected to rise this week Shirtless female toddler on splash pad sparks debate Boy Scout Troop learns self-expression during ‘Be Smart Through Art’ event News Tad Cummins arrest: Tipster reveals how teacher covered up identity News TODAY: Suspected kidnapper Tad Cummins scheduled for federal court hearing News Family attorney holds news conference after Elizabeth Thomas is safely located News TBI: TN AMBER Alert teen found safe, teacher Tad Cummins Arrested News Federal criminal complaint against Tad Cummins offers grounds for sex charge against him News UPDATE: Family hopeful after confirmed sighting of missing teen, accused kidnapper from Tenn. AMBER Alert seen in Oklahoma City News Federal authorities ask for suspected Tennessee kidnapper to be held without bond Decatur TBI: Some AMBER Alert tips received, none found credible yet News Court hearing cancelled for suspected kidnapper, Cummins now in federal custody News Nationwide search continues for Tennessee student kidnapped by teacher one week after disappearance News THE LATEST: TBI gives update on AMBER Alert News Siskiyou Sheriff’s Office reveals how they captured suspected kidnapper Tad Cummins, found Elizabeth Thomas News First Groomed, then Kidnapped, now Found: The search for Elizabeth Thomas is over Mobile Apps iPhone & iPad App Android App LiveAlert19 Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 200 Holmes Avenue, Huntsville, AL 35801 • Copyright © 2017, WHNT • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics SBUX QCOM Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More T-Mobile reports Q1 beat, takes a bite into Verizon, AT&T >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Hot Stocks > Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Stock Takes Off on Albertsons Interest Reports say Cerberus-owned grocery chain Albertsons is considering a buyout bid of struggling WFM stock Apr 24, 2017, 3:06 pm EDT  |  By Anthony Mirhaydari, InvestorPlace Market Strategist Source: Shutterstock     Whole Foods Market, Inc. (NASDAQ:WFM) shares are surging higher on Monday on reports that grocery chain Albertsons is exploring a takeover bid. WFM stock is up roughly 3%, capping a 20%-plus rise out of its March low. Albertsons is owned by private-equity firm Cerberus Capital Management, who reportedly held preliminary talks with bankers on an offer, according to Financial Times. This comes just weeks after hedge fund Jana Partners LLC said it had accumulated a 9% stake in WFM and was pressuring management to look at strategic options to boost shareholder value including changes to the board, revising contracts with suppliers, and potentially looking for a buyer. Bloomberg reported earlier this month that Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) considered making an offer last fall. The news outlet also reported that Albertsons was considering WFM rival Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (NASDAQ:SFM), but it appears nothing has come of that. The reversal higher in WFM stock marks the end of a three-year-long consolidation near the $30-a-share level that followed a 50% decline from the late 2013 high. The stumble was the result of slowing growth, public relations mishaps (asparagus water and oranges in plastic), competitive pressures and a focus on its high prices. It’s no small statement that Kroger Co (NYSE:KR) and Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) are just as much a competitive threat — if not more — than smaller, more organic-focused chains such as Sprouts and Trader Joe’s. Recent reports have indicated that Whole Foods management could soon take efforts to lower prices by centralizing its distribution chain, at the risk of eroding its focus on small, local brands. That begs the question: At what point does Whole Foods become even less attractive by abandoning the few things that still set it apart? Wall Street will get a revised picture of Whole Foods’ progress May 10 after the bell, when the company reports its quarterly earnings. Analysts covering WFM stock are expecting profits of 37 cents per share on revenues of $3.7 billion. Anthony Mirhaydari is founder of the Edge (ETFs) and Edge Pro (Options) investment advisory newsletters. Free two- and four-week trial offers have been extended to InvestorPlace readers. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/whole-foods-market-inc-wfm-stock-takes-off-on-albertsons-interest/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Blue-Chip Stocks Every Investor Should Own 3 South Korean Stocks Feeling the Heat 7 Really Weird ETFs You May Want to Buy TWTR Has a Savior 3 Home Improvement Stocks to Buy for Unstoppable Gains Apple Wants to Make Recycled iPhones ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Blue-Chip Stocks Every Investor Should Own 7 Really Weird ETFs to Buy Now 3 South Korean Stocks That Are Feeling the Heat 3 Home Improvement Stocks to Buy for Unstoppable Gains 3 Downtrodden Stocks That You Need to Short Now Most Popular 5 Tech Stocks to Buy for Growth AND Dividends The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Next Decade 7 Short Squeeze Stocks That Will Be Shot Into Orbit 10 Dividend Stocks That Will Deliver Double-Digit Returns Every Year 7 Healthcare Stocks With A-Rated Prospects How to Trade Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Stock Around Q1 Earnings Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture The Cut Science of Us Select All Grub Street The Strategist Log In Register My Account My Profile My Comments My Reviews My Friends Sign Out FOLLOW: Facebook Twitter Instagram Subscribe to New York Magazine Give a Gift Subscription of New York Magazine Digital Edition of New York Magazine Like Us Follow Us Subscribe to New York Magazine NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture The Cut Science of Us Select All Grub Street Bedford & Bowery Like Us Follow Us Ad will collapse in seconds… CLOSE Popular on NYMag.com / the national interest April 24, 2017 04/24/2017 4:00 pm Why Republicans Will Pass Trump’s Yuge Tax Cuts for the Rich By Jonathan Chait Share Facebook iconShare Twitter iconTweet Google Plus iconShare Pinterest iconPin It Email iconEmail Comment iconComment Print icon Print The Trump tax cuts are coming. Photo: Andrew Harrer - Pool/Getty Images The Trump administration’s announcement that it will support a gigantic tax cut, rather than “tax reform,” is exactly the outcome that’s been inevitable from the beginning. Given that the Republican effort to dismantle Obamacare imploded, it is tempting to assume that a similar fate awaits the Trump tax cuts. But this misunderstands the modern Republican Party, which remains fanatically devoted to the cause of regressive tax cuts, and which is very likely to pass Trump’s plan, or something like it. The confusion over the plan’s prospects arises from the fact that Republicans have been internally debating the merits of tax reform versus tax cuts, giving the impression of a schism. “Republicans in Congress still have no agreement for a vision on taxes, and the White House doesn’t have a plan of its own,” writes Josh Barro. “Tax reform dies for all sorts of good reasons, and this administration looks even less organized on the issue than those that have failed to reform the tax code in the past. My bet on a Trump tax legacy: nothing.” The truth is that Republicans have little interest in truly reforming the tax code. (We know this because, in 2014, Republican Ways and Means chairman Dave Camp suddenly and unexpectedly wandered off the party reservation to propose a genuine tax-reform plan before his retirement, only to be shunned for his heresy by the entire party.) The interest in “reform” grew from a desire by Republicans to pass permanent tax cuts for the rich. The logic is that a tax cut for the rich won’t attract any Democratic votes, which means it would have to pass through a “reconciliation” bill. Senate rules prohibit using reconciliation for any bill that adds to the deficit after a decade. Republicans hoped to offset the cost of their tax cuts for the rich with tax increases on the non-rich, allowing the cuts to be permanent. Paul Ryan was especially keen on a border-adjustment tax, which would, in theory, raise a trillion dollars in revenue from the poor and middle class that could offset the cost of tax cuts for rich people. But that idea provoked deep opposition from retailers, and senators in states (such as Walmart’s Arkansas) where they have pull. With that source of funding politically dead, Republicans have no way to pay for their tax cuts. So … they won’t. But that doesn’t mean proponents of “tax reform” will walk away. It just means they’ll have to settle for the same thing they enthusiastically passed in 2001: a debt-financed tax cut that is phased out after a decade. Trumpcare died because a large faction of vulnerable Republicans opposed its essential function of taking health care away from their constituents. Nobody in the party opposes the basic function of cutting taxes for rich people. Some of them want to use their control of government to pass a tax cut that’s more likely to last, but from their perspective, ten years of lower taxes for rich people is going to be way better than none. Tags: top story the national interest politics donald trump tax cuts Why Republicans Will Pass Trump’s Yuge Tax Cuts for the Rich Share on Facebook Tweet this Story Top Stories Ex–Fox News Host Alleges Network Operatives Hacked Her Phone in Smear Campaign Why Republicans Will Pass Trump’s Yuge Tax Cuts for the Rich Trump Writing Fake Executive Orders Because He Doesn’t Know How to Be President Most Viewed Stories Don’t Call Me a Millennial — I’m an Old Millennial The 20 Most Annoying Characters in Pretty Little Liars, Ranked Salma Hayek Takes Us on the Tumultuous Journey of Her Husband’s Maybe-Maybe-Not Affair Michael Moore Predicts Trump Will Be Impeached ‘In the Middle of His Second Term’ Trump Is Writing Fake Executive Orders Because He Doesn’t Know How to Be President Conservative Pundit Claims Hannity Invited Her Back to His Hotel Once, But Says It Wasn’t Sexual Harassment Bill Nye Scolds CNN for Pitting Him Against a Climate-Change Denier Bill O’Reilly Is Gone, But Fox News’ Legal Nightmare Continues At Yale, Psychiatrists Cite Their ‘Duty to Warn’ About an Unfit President Can We Finally, Officially, Say That Amber Heard and Elon Musk Are Dating? Most Popular Video On Daily Intelligencer Bill O'Reilly Has Made Some Remarkably Sexist Comments On Air Latest News from Daily Intelligencer 1:44 a.m. Students Sue UC Berkeley for Cancelling Ann Coulter Appearance The lawsuit says the university is discriminating against conservative speakers. 12:27 a.m. O’Reilly Promises ‘The Truth Will Come Out’ in First Broadcast Since Fox Exit He discussed his firing on his podcast as Tucker Carlson took over his Fox News time slot. Yesterday at 6:03 p.m. Ossoff Race Shows Democratic Turnout at Levels Needed for Midterm Wave An analysis of Georgia’s special election shows Democrats turning out more than Republicans — which is unusual. Yesterday at 5:09 p.m. Marine Le Pen Steps Down As National Front Leader The far-right leader says she wants to concentrate on her presidential bid, but may be trying to temper her image ahead of the final vote May 7. Yesterday at 4:59 p.m. Trump Far From Doomed in 2020 New polling suggests the president may not need to be all that popular to eke out a reelection victory. Yesterday at 4:41 p.m. Astronaut’s Reward for Record Time in Space Is Talking to Trump About Urine “Better you than me,” said the president upon learning where drinking water comes from on the Space Station. Yesterday at 4:30 p.m. Trump Wants to Slash Corporate Tax Rates, Deficit Be Damned The president’s new tax plan reportedly includes an enormous, unfunded tax cut for American corporations. Yesterday at 4:28 p.m. Ex–Fox News Host Alleges Network Operatives Hacked Her Phone in Smear Campaign According to a new suit filed in federal court Monday. Yesterday at 4:00 p.m. Why Republicans Will Pass Trump’s Yuge Tax Cuts for the Rich Trumpcare lost, but the Trump tax cuts will probably succeed. Yesterday at 2:36 p.m. Democrats Are Winning the First Round of the 2018 Fight The midterm battle begins with recruitment — and Democrats have a bumper harvest while would-be Republican candidates are getting cold feet. Yesterday at 2:01 p.m. Mayor Bill de Blasio Announces Universal Pre-K Expansion to Include 3-Year-Olds A program will begin in two districts this fall in anticipation of a citywide rollout in 2021. Yesterday at 1:12 p.m. Trump Writing Fake Executive Orders Because He Doesn’t Know How to Be President The 100th day is coming. Look busy! Yesterday at 1:06 p.m. There Could Be a Ton of Drama in Washington This Week Possibly a government shutdown crisis, the return of Trumpcare, and the unveiling of the president’s tax-reform plan — or none of the above. Yesterday at 12:00 p.m. Pundit Says Hannity Inviting Her Back to His Hotel Wasn’t Sexual Harassment Debbie Schlussel says the incident was “weird and creepy” but that she wouldn’t call it “sexual harassment.” Yesterday at 10:24 a.m. North Korea Vows to Destroy U.S. Carrier, China Urges Restraint As a Navy strike group heads toward North Korea, Pyongyang promises to turn “arrogant aircraft carriers” into “scrap metal” if they get too close. Yesterday at 9:56 a.m. Secretary of Defense Mattis Makes Surprise Visit to Afghanistan There was reportedly a Taliban bombing at a U.S. base the same day as his visit. Yesterday at 9:23 a.m. Megyn Kelly Will Reportedly Start at NBC in May But her new Sunday show won’t debut until June. Yesterday at 4:46 a.m. Brooklyn D.A. to Try to Prevent Immigrants From Being Deported for Minor Crimes Jeff Sessions won’t like this one. 4/23/2017 at 9:50 p.m. What Pundits Are Saying About the French Election Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen are headed into a historic race. 4/23/2017 at 8:00 p.m. What Would It Be Like If Ted Cruz Had Become President? In all the talk about Trump becoming “normal” or “centrist,” it is illuminating to realize how little would have changed if Ted Cruz had defeated him. Newsletters Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Feedly Privacy Terms Sitemap Media Kit Ad Choices About Us Contacts Feedback We’re Hiring! © Invalid Date, New York Media LLC. View all trademarks LOG IN REGISTER Social Account Facebook or Remember Me Forgot Password? Sign up with a social account: Facebook Don’t worry. We will never post to your social media account without your permission. or create an account Female Male NYMag.com may email me about new site features and special offers. By creating an account, you agree with the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. We’ve sent a registration confirmation email to . Please follow the instructions in the email within 48 hours to complete your registration. Forgot Your Password? Enter your email address or username and we’ll email instructions on how to reset your password. This username or email is associated with a Facebook account. Log in with your social account: Facebook Check Your Inbox We’ve sent you an email with instructions on how to reset your password. Choose a Username Your username will appear next to your comments. Email: By creating a NYMag.com account, you agree with the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. You already have an account registered under . You can link your Facebook account to your existing account. No, Sign In Welcome! You are now a registered user of NYMag.com, TheCut.com, Vulture.com, ScienceOfUs.com and GrubStreet.com. Want more? Subscribe to our daily newsletters. Daily Intelligencer Constant news updates on politics, business, media, and real estate. Vulture Breaking news and analysis on all the latest TV, movies, music, books, theater, and art. The Cut Get the latest fashion, beauty, and shopping news and recommendations. No Thanks We're sorry. You must confirm your registration within 48 hours of submitting your registration request. Please register again. You are already registered. Please log in. Reset Your Password Enter a new password Your password has been successfully changed. Please log in.
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live A view from Brooklyn to Manhattan RADAR: Soaking rain moving up the east coast Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Kittens nap in the 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Bald eagle and family in Fort Myers, Fla. Penguin cam at the Kansas City Zoo in Missouri Live look at the beach surf in Long Beach, NJ Loch Arbor beach cam in New Jersey Jacksonville Pier in Florida More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch New Orleans is latest place in the South knocking down monuments to the Confederacy By Michael Edison Hayden Close Follow on Twitter More from Michael Apr 24, 2017, 4:09 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star PlaySamuel Corum/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images WATCH New Orleans won't allow 'the Confederacy to be put on a pedestal,' mayor says 0 Shares Email New Orleans has become the latest place in the South to take down monuments or symbols to the Confederacy. Workers early Monday dismantled a 35-foot granite obelisk, the Liberty Place monument, which honored whites who tried to defeat a racially integrated government installed in New Orleans after the Civil War. The city will also remove three statues to Confederate military officers in coming days. "We will no longer allow the Confederacy to literally be put on a pedestal in the heart of our city," Mayor Mitch Landrieu vowed. New Orleans' toppling of Confederate monuments is part of a trend that gained speed and momentum after a mass shooting at a historic black church in Charleston, South Carolina, in 2015, when avowed white supremacist Dylann Roof murdered nine African Americans in a bible-study session. In the aftermath of the massacre, calls came from both Republicans and Democrats in South Carolina to take down a Confederate battle flag that flew atop the statehouse in Charleston. South Carolina's public grappling with symbols of its history sparked calls from activists and politicians around the country to take down Confederate flags and monuments in other places. Southern Poverty Law Center, an advocacy and research organization focused on fighting bigotry and discrimination, published a survey in the wake of the Charleston shooting that found more than 1,503 symbols of the Confederacy in public spaces in the U.S., nearly all of them in the South. The group asserted in its study that the symbols of the Confederacy can't be separated from the ideology underlying the Southern states' defense of slavery after the Civil War. Thomas Watkins/AFP/Getty Images A commemorative plaque on a lamp post marks the city's time under the Confederate States of America during the Civil War. April 20, 2017, in New Orleans. "There is no doubt among reputable historians that the Confederacy was established upon the premise of white supremacy and that the South fought the Civil War to preserve its slave labor," the study states. South Carolina took the Confederate battle flag down from its perch on the statehouse on July 10, 2015, little more than three weeks after the church killings. Since then, Confederate flags have also been taken down at other locations including the Alabama statehouse, Oklahoma Baptist University and St. Paul's Episcopal Church in Richmond, Virginia. Souvenir Confederate flags were also taken off the shelves at major retailers like Sears and Walmart and at small gift shops such as at the Civil War Museum of the Western Theater in Kentucky and at Antietam National Battlefield in Maryland. Defenders of public displays of Confederate monuments and symbols say they are important markers of history. Gerald Herbert/AP Photo Dana Farley, of New Orleans, participates in a candlelight vigil at the statue of Jefferson Davis, April 24, 2017, in New Orleans before the statue's removal. Robert Bonner, a 63-year-old who participates in Civil War re-enactments, protested the removal of the Liberty Place monument in New Orleans, telling The Associated Press that the city's decision to take it down was "terrible." "It's a terrible thing," Bonner said. "When you start removing the history of the city ... you start losing where you came from and where you've been." Aware of opposition to removing the Liberty Place monument, the workers who took it down did so while it was still dark and wore both masks and bulletproof vests. Gerald Herbert/AP Photo Workers dismantle the Liberty Place monument which commemorates whites who tried to topple a biracial post-Civil War government, April 24, 2017, in New Orleans. Some historians, echoing the view of the Southern Poverty Law Center, say many of the monuments to the Confederacy were put up less to commemorate history than to make a statement after the Civil War against any granting of full rights and political power to former slaves. "Many of these statues were mounted in the 1890s and during the time of Jim Crow," when laws enforcing racial separation took hold, said Matt Karp, associate professor of history at Princeton University and author of a book on the legacy of slavery. "These were political [statements] and not meant to be viewed as neutral symbols" of history, Karp said. 0 Shares Email Star Comments " New Orleans is latest place in South knocking down monuments to the Confederacy " Voters grade President Trump as he nears 100 days in office " Trump promise tracker: Where his pledges stand " Obama avoids Trump in 1st public remarks since leaving office " WH press secretary defends Trump's 'significant' work in 100 days " Trump to sign executive orders on offshore drilling, Veterans Affairs this week " Haley tells N. Korea, 'We don’t want war, so don't start one' " The Note: Mad dash to day 100 " Russia investigations on the Hill: Where things stand " Ivanka Trump makes debut foreign trip " What to expect for President Trump's last week of his first 100 days " ANALYSIS: How Trump accomplished so little yet so much in first 100 days " Arkansas executes 2 inmates on the same gurney, hours apart " Bill O'Reilly, 'sad' over firing, returns to podcast " US sanctions 271 Syrian government workers after chemical attack " 600-year-old oak tree torn down in New Jersey " US astronaut Peggy Whitson breaks American spaceflight record " Silly world record leaves a mess at South Carolina ballpark " 3 takeaways from Sheryl Sandberg's new book on grief " Beloved 600-year-old white oak tree takes final bow " Power Ranger window washers thrill kid patients at hospital " 4-year-old boy has meltdown over haircut before realizing it will grow back
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts selected Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Entertainment & Arts Entertainment & Arts Happy Days actress Erin Moran 'died from cancer' at 56 24 April 2017 From the section Entertainment & Arts These are external links and will open in a new window Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-39697985 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright AF archive / Alamy Stock Photo Image caption Moran (bottom left) with the cast of Happy Days, a huge TV hit for 10 years US actress Erin Moran, best known for playing Joanie in 1970s sitcom Happy Days, "likely" died from cancer at age 56, according to a county coroner. An autopsy reveals that her death was probably due to complications from stage four cancer. Police say there were no "illegal narcotics found" in her Indiana home. Moran also starred in the show's spin-off series Joanie Loves Chachi, which began in 1982. She had fallen on hard times in recent years, US media report. A joint statement by the Harrison County Sheriff's Department and the coroner's office said an autopsy revealed that she "likely succumbed to complications of Stage 4 cancer". "Standard toxicology tests were performed and the results are pending however no illegal narcotics were found at the residence," the statement continued. She played Joanie Cunningham, the younger sister of lead character Richie. Tributes were paid by Happy Days co-stars, including Ron Howard who recalled her "lighting up TV screens". Image copyright Twitter / Ron Howard Image copyright Twitter / Henry Winkler Moran joined the Happy Days cast in 1974 when she was 13, and made appearances in Murder She Wrote and The Waltons. In 2010 she was reported to be living in an Indiana trailer park with the mother of her second husband, an employee of Walmart. She moved there after losing her California home to foreclosure. Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Erin Moran also starred in a spin-off series Joanie Loves Chachi In 2010, she joined various Happy Days co-stars in filing a lawsuit against television network CBS, claiming they were owed money from merchandising revenues. The suit was settled in 2012, with the actors each receiving a payout of $65,000 (£50,000). They originally asked for $10m. Moran had been seen outside motels in southern Indiana, after reportedly spending all of her settlement money, and eventually becoming homeless. Her last listed film credit is for 2010's Not Another B Movie, though she continued to appear on reality television until 2012. Related Topics Indiana Television Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Happy Days diner owner Al Molinaro dies aged 96 1 November 2015 Garry Marshall: Happy Days creator dies aged 81 20 July 2016 Top Stories Labour to rip up Tory Brexit plan The party says it would prioritise jobs and workers' rights, and guarantee the status of EU citizens. 25 April 2017 US submarine arrives in South Korea 25 April 2017 Le Pen steps aside as party leader 25 April 2017 Features Video The Trump story in 100 of his own words The boxer who refuses to cash in on beating a champion Video Can plastic roads help save the planet? Macron - not the only young achiever Get up to speed with our briefing How Nepal quake turned women into builders Eight ways machine learning is in your life The Holocaust: Who are the missing million? Where Britain's parties stand on Brexit News navigation Sections Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit Election 2017 Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts selected Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← The Word From the Trenches – April 24, 2017 BART takeover robbery: 40 to 60 teens swarm train, rob weekend riders → How Did Washington Make His Millions? Posted on April 24, 2017 by Kantucky Colonial Williamsburg – by Andrew G. Gardner It might sound impertinent, perhaps irrelevant, to ask how much George Washington was worth. After all, his value is better measured by his service to his country than by his pocketbook. Nevertheless, when it comes to money, his countrymen can be a curious lot. Witness our interest in such things as the list of America’s richest annually published by Forbes and Dun & Bradstreet’s corporate ratings, as well as the readiness of newspapers to print salaries gleaned from government forms. There are Internet sites with all manner of personal and historical financial tables that stretch from ancient Rome to today, tables that compare the Rockefellers, Carnegies, and Gateses of the world to William the Conqueror—estimated fortune $200 billion—or Marcus Licinius Crassus of Rome—about $20 billion.   So where does the United States of America’s first president fit into the grand scheme of wealth assessment, and how did he get there? Some purveyors of legend have it that he was the richest American ever. Others suggest that he was but the wealthiest American of his time. Certainly, in his later years Washington could claim to be a wealthy man, and when he died in 1799 his estate was pegged at about $780,000. But it is an estimate. In a schedule of property that accompanied his twenty-eight-page handwritten will, Washington lists the properties and holdings he wishes sold and what he thinks they are worth. There is real estate from Virginia to the Ohio Valley to New York to the District of Columbia, $35,000 worth of shares and bonds, as well as Mount Vernon livestock. The total is $530,000—an enormous sum for the time. But this figure is only part of the first president’s financial snapshot. There is no valuation of his more than 7,000-acre Mount Vernon estate, which was divided among relatives, or the value of Washington’s 123 slaves, freed in 1801. Since the estate was not in dispute and there were no taxes to be levied on it, his executors were not forced to assign market values. So, included in the figure of $780,000 is Washington’s own appraisal of what his holdings would fetch—that $530,000, plus an additional, unverifiable figure of $250,000 that historians have computed for the rest. Most of this wealth can be traced to Washington’s success as a land speculator, an enterprise that grew out of his early career as land surveyor. Added to that was his firsthand experience of the frontier country beyond the Allegheny Mountains gained during the French and Indian War. The area’s potential, strategically and economically, made a lasting impression on the young officer and was the key that opened the door to financial opportunity. Washington’s first land purchase was of almost 1,500 wilderness acres on Bullskin Creek in Frederick County, Virginia, in 1752, when he was just out of his teens. That year, after the death of his half-brother Lawrence, he inherited an interest in the Mount Vernon family domain. He built the estate to more than 7,000 acres with a workforce of 316 slaves—less than one-third of whom Washington owned, 153 belonged to the estate of Daniel Park Custis, and 40 he rented from a neighbor. For the rest of his life he added to his land holdings, particularly along the western frontier he knew from his soldiering days. To recruit Virginians for the army during the French and Indian War, Governor Robert Dinwiddie had in 1754 offered 200,000 acres of frontier land for those who joined. After the war was won, the governor reneged, but after years of lobbying Washington forced the authorities to honor their commitment, securing title to more than 23,000 acres in what would become West Virginia. By the time he died, Washington had more than 52,000 acres sprinkled from New York in the north, through Pennsylvania and Maryland, to Virginia in the south, and Kentucky and the Ohio Valley in the west, something above eighty-one square miles. According to Michael Klepper and Robert Gunther, authors of The Wealthy 100: From Benjamin Franklin to Bill Gates, those acres translated into wealth that put Washington at number fifty-nine in the list of top 100 wealthy Americans through the ages. John D. Rockefeller Sr., the oil-refining magnate, and Cornelius Vanderbilt, the railway builder, head the list. John Hancock and Benjamin Franklin are the only other Revolutionary-era names among the top 100. Hancock is fifty-fourth, and just beats Washington to the post as richest colonial American. Benjamin Franklin’s publishing interests, as well as his Philadelphia land holdings, elevate him to eighty-six. These rankings reflect not just the dollar value of each man’s estate but also the ratio of each man’s wealth to the gross domestic product—in effect, how large their share of the national pot was at the time. The Wealthy 100, however, bases its calculations on the $530,000 figure in Washington’s will, and underestimates his financial clout. Today, two hundred years after Washington’s death, a $780,000 estate is an unremarkable legacy, but inflation has played havoc with our ability to compare values across the years. Thanks, however, to the work of a team of monetary and economic historians led by Professors Laurence H. Officer and Samuel H. Williamson of the University of Illinois at Chicago, there is a trove of data that goes a long way to helping convert old dollars to new. If we use their database, Washington’s $780,000 net worth can be reassessed to give us a better understanding of his relative standing in history’s unofficial Financial Hall of Fame. Translated to 2010 dollars using the consumer price index, the roughly three-quarters of a million dollar estate takes on a relative worth of $14.3 million, in itself not particularly large by today’s standards. That figure, however, amounts to one small part of the picture, according to the economists. Analysis of the “economic status” of Washington’s late eighteenth-century fortune aims to measure the relative “prestige value” of his wealth compared with the net worth of an average American citizen of the era. That figure amounts to $429 million in today’s money, and begins to reflect the serious wealth that the first president accumulated. It’s at this point that things get interesting. The third measure suggested by economic historians assesses what they call the economic power of Washington’s holdings, or roughly translated, “What was the president’s financial position relative to the size of the economy?” At the time of his death, Washington’s $780,000 estate was equivalent in value to almost one-fifth of 1 percent—0.19 percent—of the $411 million GDP. If Washington had lived two centuries later, and boasted a fortune worth 0.19 per cent of the nation’s approximately $15 trillion 2011 GDP, he would have been worth $25.9 billion, taking fourth place in the Forbes list of seriously wealthy Americans. Bill Gates is in first place at $59 billion, Warren Buffett in second at $39 billion, and Larry Ellison of Oracle fame gets the bronze medal with a $36 billion stash. Washington’s $25.9 billion sneaks him in just ahead of Christy Walton of the Wal-Mart chain. The first president is in rich company. So how did he get there? What led Washington on the path to wealth? “It is no secret that Washington was not born to the imperial purple,” biographer John Richard Alden wrote. “Nor was he by birth a member of the First Families of Virginia, the fabled Virginia aristocracy. He opened his eyes without fanfare of trumpets, with modest hereditary prestige.” What young Washington lacked in inherited wealth, position, or aristocratic polish, he made up for in family connections that set him on the road to fame and fortune. His elder half-brother, Lawrence, an army officer fourteen years George’s senior and more a father figure than a brother, married into the Fairfax clan—one of Virginia’s leading families. Always a mover and shaker, and a canny social climber, Lawrence Washington understood that the path to influence and riches lay in cultivating connections with Virginia’s colonial elite. George Washington joined the Masonic Lodge in Fredericksburg in 1752—in those days a way to meet the right folk. By 1759 he married Martha Custis, in a well-engineered, top-drawer financial coup. The widow of a well-heeled gentleman planter, she was one of the wealthiest women in Virginia. She brought to the marriage prime Virginia acres whose worth today would measure in the millions of dollars. This bounty passed into her new husband’s care, and Washington passed from being a comfortably well-off country gentleman-soldier to become one of Virginia’s wealthy landowners. Election to Virginia’s House of Burgesses was a natural progression, first from Frederick County and later as representative for Fairfax County. The burgesses met in Williamsburg, Virginia’s capital. Now Washington was at the center of Virginia’s elite. There had been a time, however, when, at age fifteen, his sights had wandered from the hills and dales of rural Virginia. A midshipman’s commission in Britain’s Royal Navy was on offer, perhaps again facilitated by his half-brother. But at the eleventh hour his mother defaulted on letting her son pursue a life on the briny. Her brother said that “he had better be put a prentice to a tinker, for a common sailor before the mast has by no means the common liberty of the subject.” Washington’s uncle, Joseph Ball, suggested his nephew would be better off as a landowner than a ship’s captain. Above all he advised, “He must not be too hasty to be rich, but go on gently and with patience, as things will naturally go. This method, without aiming at being a fine gentleman before his time, will carry a man more comfortably and surely through the world than going to sea.” Along with his ability to forge connections, Washington’s choice of career propelled him to financial greatness. Becoming a surveyor was almost certainly a result of Lawrence Washington’s guidance. Their father died when George was eleven, and in contrast to his elder brothers, who had been sent to school in England, the boy had to make do with a rudimentary schooling, perhaps with private tutors, that covered little more than the three Rs. The boy had an aptitude for matters mathematical and an interest in geography: a perfect combination for a strapping, young, would-be surveyor. One biographer points out such scribbled notebook puzzles the schoolboy tackled as “How to measure any piece of Ground be it never so Irregular and to Cast up the Content in Acres, Roodes and Perches” and “How to take an Inaccessible distance at two Stations.” It suggests Washington had a natural liking for working with compass, chain, and brain since “the examples are too many, too varied, and too carefully inscribed to have been done entirely as tasks.” In an unsettled continent, land surveyors were in demand. For Washington, a nod and a wink removed from Lord Fairfax, one of the richest and most influential men of the colony, employment was never an issue. His Lordship was blessed with an inherited land grant of five million Virginia acres between the Rappahannock and Potomac Rivers. To prepare it for tenants arriving from across the Atlantic required surveying. At sixteen, Washington, chain, compass, pen, and notebook at the ready, was soon on the payroll. A year later his connections helped him win appointment as a part-time government surveyor for Culpeper County at £50 sterling per annum. Four years of survey work later, Washington had tallied land surveys for more than 200 clients. The job paid well: good frontier surveyors could earn as much as the ablest trial lawyers. What’s more, with the inside scoop on land deals, surveyors were often in a position to make advantageous purchases of their own. But more important than the business and good name he was making for himself was the realization that the immensity of the frontier was there for the taking. He knew good land when he saw it, and his work gave him a down-to-earth insight into the mechanics, and the politics, useful to securing title to unsettled acres. There would always be hindrances like Indians or Scotch Irish squatters to overcome, as well as the need to influence the government, but with his connections Washington, still in his twenties, was on his gentle way to financial success. Yet there were setbacks. The expression “land rich, cash poor” applied to Washington at times in his mid-life career as tobacco farmer. Although his long-term goal of accumulating acres paid off after his death, there were periods when debts mounted and his financial outlook lost its rosy glow. As Washington prepared for his inauguration in New York City in 1789, he borrowed £100 at 6 percent interest from a friend to make the trip. The Mount Vernon agricultural enterprise was often mired in cash-flow problems. The difficulty stemmed from Washington’s pretentions to “keeping up with the Joneses” or, in his case, the Fairfaxes, Carters, and Robinsons of Virginia. He lived beyond his means, and he pushed the limits. Buying outlandish, expensive fripperies from London merchant Robert Cary led Washington into debt. Cary purchased Washington’s Mount Vernon tobacco crop and in return shipped exotic English goods, along with agricultural accessories like plows and grass seed to Virginia. On Washington’s want list was a chariot “made in the newest taste, handsome, genteel and light . . . on the harness let my crest be engraved,” along with ivory-handled sets, and a seven and a half foot tester bed with blue and white curtains to match the wallpaper. Busts of historical worthies, Alexander the Great, Julius Caesar, and the King of Prussia, were to ornament the mantelpiece. The value of Washington’s tobacco crop, however, was falling, and the luxuries were getting more expensive. He ended up owing Cary £800 on the account, and the interest, at 5 percent, mounted. In 1766 Washington decided to opt out of tobacco production—the crop that was hard on the land and increasingly unprofitable—and diversify his production to wheat, corn, flax, and hemp, which were in local demand. He later pioneered a profitable distillery on the estate. It was, however, only when his stepdaughter, Patsy Custis, died in 1773 and Washington received money from her estate that he was able to settle his debt with Cary. Washington would not be the first, nor the last, Virginia landowner to discover that farming was not the easiest route to riches. Perhaps it explains why he was fond of saying, “Worry is the interest paid by those who borrow trouble.” —————— Andrew Gardner, who writes on Canada’s Salt Spring Island, contributed to the summer 2012 journal the article “Dodging the Check,” a story about debts and war. http://www.history.org/foundation/journal/winter13/washington.cfm Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 461 ← The Word From the Trenches – April 24, 2017 BART takeover robbery: 40 to 60 teens swarm train, rob weekend riders → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments Cleatus on The Word From the Trenches – April 21, 2017 BMF on Cops Detain Entire School, Illegally Search/Grope 900 Kids — Find NOTHING, Parents Furious KOYOTE(ILLEGAL LAW IS A FORM OF BLASPHEMY) on Dashcam of Cops Beating 83yo Man Mysteriously Deleted Due to “Technical Failure” Jeno on The Word From the Trenches – April 24, 2017 flee on Trencher Alert NC on Cops Detain Entire School, Illegally Search/Grope 900 Kids — Find NOTHING, Parents Furious koyote( mlk was a proud commie ) on BART takeover robbery: 40 to 60 teens swarm train, rob weekend riders KOYOTE(ILLEGAL LAW IS A FORM OF BLASPHEMY) on Cops Detain Entire School, Illegally Search/Grope 900 Kids — Find NOTHING, Parents Furious Hal Apeeno on The Word From the Trenches – April 21, 2017 flee on Donald Trump: ‘If They Don’t Treat Fairly, I Am Terminating NAFTA flee on Jury announces it has a verdict in Bundy Ranch trial flek on US general in Afghanistan suggests Russia arming the Taliban BMF on Dashcam of Cops Beating 83yo Man Mysteriously Deleted Due to “Technical Failure” DeAnne Marley on BART takeover robbery: 40 to 60 teens swarm train, rob weekend riders flee on Dashcam of Cops Beating 83yo Man Mysteriously Deleted Due to “Technical Failure” KOYOTE(ILLEGAL LAW IS A FORM OF BLASPHEMY) on Donald Trump: ‘If They Don’t Treat Fairly, I Am Terminating NAFTA NC on Entire U.S. Senate to go to White House for North Korea briefing prophet kirk shupe on Are YOU READY ?? Deep Underground Military Bases DUMBs are ready for WW III # 1 NWO Hatr on Jury announces it has a verdict in Bundy Ranch trial # 1 NWO Hatr on Entire U.S. Senate to go to White House for North Korea briefing Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2017 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
image/svg+xml MAGAZINE EVENTS PAPERS TOPICS GOVTECH 100 NAVIGATOR SEARCH Education New Frontier of Cybersecurity Education Challenges Students to Hack Their College Maryland has emerged as a leader in cybersecurity education as its schools moved to meet a growing demand for workers qualified for jobs in the state's burgeoning cybersecurity industry. by Tim Prudente, The Baltimore Sun / April 24, 2017 Shutterstock (TNS) — The young men and a lone woman arrive in dark T-shirts with logos for "Digital Forensics" and "Major League Hacking." They unzip sleeves to razor-thin laptops, plug into the lab monitors, and commence an assault that in another place and time could send them to jail. Their assignment: hack their college. They are a class of honors students at the University of Maryland, College Park who can read in C-code, compute in binary, and whose studies have brought them to this new frontier in cybersecurity education. RELATEDCybersecurity's Next Phase: Cyber-DeterrenceCyber Warfare Exercises Exploit WeaknessesCyber Incubator Fosters Startups in San Diego "We turn them loose on the larger campus network," said their instructor, Rob Maxwell, who has presented his teaching method at security conferences. "I've gotten some interest and a few people alarmed at the notion." Maryland has emerged as a leader in cybersecurity education as its schools moved to meet a growing demand for workers qualified for jobs in the state's burgeoning cybersecurity industry. As the internet exploded in use over the past 25 years, an entire industry sprang up in the state, largely around the National Security Agency, to protect the nation and its cyber infrastructure, communications and data. Maryland's cybersecurity workforce is estimated at about 37,600 people, but more than 16,600 jobs remain unfilled statewide, according to CyberSeek, a nonprofit working to close the gap. "More and more things are connected to computers; soon your washing machine and fridge will be," said Anupam Joshi, director of University of Maryland, Baltimore County's Center for cybersecurity. "We're exposing more and more to people who wish us harm. That means the demand for people who know how to defend against it is not going away." The surge in demand has spurred specialized programs at universities throughout the University System of Maryland, from courses like Maxwell's and dorms reserved for cybersecurity students at College Park and the UMBC center to online degree and certificate programs at its University College. Instruction in cybersecurity has long been included in computer science studies, but the field evolved in recent years into distinct programs. Morgan State University created its program about six years ago. About two years later, College Park began the first honors program in cybersecurity, the Advanced Cybersecurity Experience for Students, or ACES. About a month later in 2013, UMBC launched its own Cyber Scholars Program. Towson University said it was among the first to connect cybersecurity courses as an academic track for undergraduates. A team of University of Maryland, Baltimore County students, the Cyber Dawgs, won the National Collegiate Cyber Defense Competition in April. The first cyber scholar to graduate from UMBC accepted his diploma with 11 job offers in hand. Seventeen colleges in Maryland have earned federal distinction for excellence in cybersecurity — more than any other state. "These schools have been doing this longer than anybody in the country and are the real leaders," said Casey O'Brien, executive director of the National CyberWatch Center, which tracks cybersecurity education across the country. The center based at Prince George's Community College was founded with 10 colleges in 2005. Today, the network has grown to nearly 100 colleges, with 28 of them in Maryland. The academic arms race continues today. Coppin State University announced plans last month to launch its own cybersecurity program. The U.S. Naval Academy is building a five-story, $120 million cyber center with security features to safeguard classified information. The academic expansion is driven largely partly by the NSA, headquartered at Fort Meade in Anne Arundel County, and defense contractors such as Northrop Grumman Corp., which has poured money into college programs. The state's politicians are working to secure what's become a vital industry. Gov. Larry Hogan designated October as Manufacturing and cybersecurity Month. Former U.S. Sen. Barbara Mikulski steered federal funding to local projects, such as the Naval Academy building. "No other state has the cluster of both public and private universities working on this that can also connect to such a cornucopia of federal agencies," she said. Since the demand for workers outstrips the supply, qualified candidates can expect an immediate return on their educational investment. Companies routinely offer Towson's cyber graduates starting salaries that exceed $65,000, said Michael O'Leary, who coaches the cyber team and chairs the math department. "I tell my students if they get a job offer for less than that to come talk to me," he said. "I would say, 'Let me call up a couple friends of mine.'" O'Leary invites graduates back to campus each year for live-fire exercises in which his students defend their networks against professionals. Last year's exercise caused a stir when hackers hit the undergrad defenders with cunning French malware. "If you've got the technical skills, you get jobs — you get piles of jobs," O'Leary said. "Name a big company that hasn't been hacked: Wal-Mart, Target, McDonald's." Still, cyber classrooms remain dominated by men. Maxwell's course at the University of Maryland has just one woman this semester. At UMBC, senior Alejandra Diaz often finds herself outnumbered. "I might be the only woman in the class," said Diaz, who turned down a job with Northrop Grumman to pursue her master's degree. "You almost feel like a leader for the other younger women." UMBC, which has numerous cybersecurity companies located at its on-campus research park, is focused on shrinking the gender gap. It offers subsidized coding classes for teenage girls and started the Cyber Scholars Program to bring women and minorities into the field. The program is run by the college's Center for cybersecurity in partnership with its Center for Women in Technology. Diaz's fellow seniors have signed with Silicon Valley companies and launched startups in their dorms. These are the college seniors for whom an idle summer in their parent's basement after graduation seems unlikely. Those graduating this spring from the ACES program in College Park reported in a survey they had jobs with salaries between $80,000 and $120,000, said Michel Cukier, the program director. ACES senior Andrew Liu of Olney said he turned down Facebook and Dropbox before signing with Google in November. "You signed late," said his classmate Toby Lin of Rockville. "Most people signed in October." Lin and classmate Franz Payer of Ellicott City started a company called Cyber Skyline. It offers online tests — to find the message hidden in programming code, for example — to help tech companies judge job applicants. The 22-year-old classmates secured funding in October, but didn't want to say how much. "Enough for us to play around with it for a year," said Payer, a graduate of Centennial High School. "When I was in high school no one mentioned cybersecurity. It's changing fast." One recent afternoon, the students settled into Maxwell's course, Advanced Seminar in cybersecurity: Penetration Testing. Here the line blurs between offense and defense, between Terps senior, IT staffer and hacker. But the rules are clear as cheap malware: Students must report all vulnerabilities; they may not pry open network doors to personal information like grades. "It's kind of a forward-thinking model in trusting the students for something like this," said O'Brien, of CyberWatch, who said a few other schools have tried such courses. Maxwell worked for about a decade as security operations manager at the College Park campus. He started the course about six years ago and unloosed his students to hunt for security weaknesses in the college network. "I don't want to go into specifics," he said. "It feels like every year we find one really, really interesting thing." The students have spent days prodding the defenses, scanning for hidden users, and turning the network's doorknobs, searching for one left unlocked. Their laptop screens flash with streaming code when Maxwell opens class. "I want to hear what you're finding," he says. ©2017 The Baltimore Sun Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. RELATED Cybersecurity's Next Phase: Cyber-Deterrence Cyber Warfare Exercises Exploit Weaknesses Cyber Incubator Fosters Startups in San Diego DISCUSS We invite you to discuss and comment on this article using social media. MORE FROM Education Papers You may also like Cybersecurity's Next Phase: Cyber-Deterrence MAGAZINE Government Technology April/May 2017 Read now Subscribe NEWSLETTER Scan the day’s headlines, as well as original and breaking technology news for state and local government readers. Subscribe PAPER Economics of Software-defined Storage Download Latest Issue SUBSCRIBE Our Network CENTER FOR DIGITAL EDUCATION CENTER FOR DIGITAL GOVERNMENT DIGITAL COMMUNITIES EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT FUTURESTRUCTURE PUBLIC CIO GOVTECH NAVIGATOR Social © 2017 All rights reserved. e.Republic ABOUT PRIVACY CONTACT ADVERTISE
Log In Advanced Articles Ads Businesses Events Videos Search  NEWCOMERS   RVL MAGAZINE   MEDICAL DIRECTORY   SUBSCRIBE   ADVERTISE   NEWS ALERTS   DINING GUIDE   JOBS  Home News Sports RVL Opinion Blogs Events/Photos Archive My Content Classifieds Biz Directory Local Obituaries State Crime Education Community Faith Politics/Government Nation World Business Online Features Youth High school College Professional Outdoors Features Announcements Lunch Menus Forms Editorials Columnists Letters to the Editor Submit a letter Sean Ingram David Meadows News briefs Photos Community calendar Post your event My content My profiles My events My blogs My buddies Browse classifieds Submit a classified Restaurants Shopping Sports and recreation Hotels/Lodging Health Real estate Other April 25, 2017 Rezoning in residential neighborhoods The Courier Your Messenger For The River Valley 02:25 PM, Monday, April 24 2017 | 173 views | 0  | 0   |  |  The rezoning of residential property in Russellville is not just an issue that is before our city officials, it is an issue that is central to all citizens. The issue, rezoning of residential property on Marina Way, has not been placed before the voters due to a “flip-flop.” The rezoning of Marina Way was placed before the voters by a judge — a judge who listened to both sides for well over an hour and came to a decision to allow the issue to be decided by the citizens of Russellville thru referendum vote on May 9. The court’s decision was sound and was never a “flip-flop,” nor did it in any way express extreme negativity. The citizens of Russellville have been reminded The Arbors is a $14 million project by a development company from Bryant. Let us not forget, this proposed project is to be built in an area that is home to over 700 families who have made an estimated $200 million investment in their neighborhoods and homes. We do not question the value of the Bryant developer’s project, but is it more important or have greater value than ours? The project was vetted by city officials, both the Russellville Planning Commission and the City Council. They just forgot to vet it with the people, as proven by the approximately 1,400 signatures attached to a referendum petition. That is 1,400 signatures from voters in primarily Wards 1 and 2 questioning why The Arbors should be placed in a long-established residential area when the city has an over abundance of available commercial real estate. Why is Russellville the place for the facility? Because the Bryant developers say their research supports a need. We agree, but Russellville citizens’ research also finds an over-abundance of readily available commercial property and a city plan — a plan that took a year and a half to construct and thousands of our taxpayer dollars to pay for. The Russellville City 2020 Plan clearly locates and highlights our commercial corridors. Casey’s General Store on South Arkansas, Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market on Main Street, the Brookdale facility (built in the proximity of major medical facilities, pharmacy and bank) are clearly in commercial areas, yet the Bryant developers insist on putting this commercial project in a long standing Russellville residential corridor. Have we lived in places considered either regressive or progressive? Sure. But to say that Russellville is regressive because we want our elected officials to follow the rules that are in place or we fail to follow the decisions of good servant leaders is the real “flip-flop.” Why are our good servant leaders not listening to the 1,400 good servant voters from whom they solicited support when running for office? To say that we are delusional and have unrealistic thoughts is about as provocative and far from the truth as a view can get. To say our objective is one of self interest when we are supported by 1,400 other voters is simplistic at best. We understand our leaders will not be right 100 percent of the time, no one expects them to be. We do however expect to be represented. We deserve Council members who will listen to the voters in their Wards and vote on their behalf, after all that is the sole reason we elected them. Without that voice, decisions are removed from the people and left to a Council of eight. We can only hope our City Council will be ever mindful of the citizens who elected them. The citizens of Russellville are not delusional and unrealistic. We simply just want to protect the integrity of our residential neighborhoods. Under the current tendencies of the Russellville City Council not to follow their comprehensive zoning plan, family neighborhoods over the entirety of Russellville become vulnerable. This should be a concern for all citizens. Here’s hoping we will all vote FOR the repeal of City Ordinance 2260 on Tuesday, May 9. Make your voice heard. Hardol Cornett Chairman, Citizens Protecting our Neighborhoods Copyright 2017 The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley. All rights reserved. Share This Article | similar stories Opinion: Rezoning in residential neighborhoods | 3 days ago by Harold Cornett, Chairman, Citizens Protecting our Neighborhoods The Courier Your Messenger For The River Valley Copyright 2017 The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley. All rights reserved. Marina Way special election scheduled for May 9 | 22 days ago by Sean Ingram The Courier Your Messenger For The River Valley Copyright 2017 The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley. All rights reserved. Comments (0) Post a Comment No Comments Yet Contact Us | About Us | Newsstands | Subscriptions | Advertising | Support Software powered by Sole Solution. Content © 2017 Russellville Newspapers Inc. The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley in Russellville, AR. MEMBER OF THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Associated Press is entitled exclusively to the use of or republication of all the local news printed in this newspaper as well as AP news dispatches.
Home News Crime Local Texas Sports Investigations Weather Alerts Allergy Report Forecast Radar Rainfall Totals Low Water Crossing & Road Closures Austin Webcams Traffic Report It Live Stream Studio512 Contact Us 66° F Clear Hi: 81° F Lo: 63° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Texas National Crime Politics Live Streaming Bastrop County Hays County Williamson County Featured: Biloxi Bus Crash immigraiton Texas Legislature Latest Headlines Official: Taliban kill 8 policemen in northern province Updated: 18 mins ago KABUL, Afghanistan. (AP) — An Afghan official says the Taliban have killed eight policemen and overran three security checkpoints in norther… UNHCR, Malaysian firm launch mobile app on refugee struggle Updated: 18 mins ago KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — The U.N. refugee agency and a Malaysian firm have launched an interactive smartphone application aimed at rais… 27 people killed in bus-trailer truck collision in Kenya 12:16 am Gallipoli dead remembered on 102nd anniversary of WWI battle 12:16 am Five strikes law for misdemeanors proposed by Texas legislators April 24, 2017 Weather Weather Alerts Allergy Report Burn Bans Forecast Lake Levels Radar Rainfall Totals Satellite SatRad Tropics Water Crossings Weather Blog Weather Diary Webcams Current Conditions 66° F Clear Feels Like: 66° F Wind: S 7 Humidity: 65% Dewpoint: 54° F Sunrise: 6:54 AM Sunset: 8:04 PM Austin Area Weather 7-Day Forecast Radar Allergy Satellite Traffic Low Water Crossings Investigations Sports More Than The Score Report It More About Us Contact Us Meet Our Team Television Schedule Work for Us ——————- Austin Events Calendar KXAN Educates XtheTXT Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Studio 512 Studio 512 Art Beauty Cocktails DIY Entertainment Family Fashion Financial Fitness Food Gardening Home Décor Medical Music Pets Personal Time Weddings Latest Headlines Great Things to See and Do in Houston April 24, 2017 Houston is just a short drive away. You can learn more by going to visithouston.com. Top 5 Austin Patios for Happy Hour April 24, 2017 Joleen Jernigan of Austinot stopped by some suggestions for a great happy hour in East Austin. DIY Floral Arrangements Just in Time for Mother’s Day April 24, 2017 Earth Day Inspired Sugar Cookies April 24, 2017 Treatment to Transformation at a Private CoolSculpting Studio in Austin April 24, 2017 Search for: Search the site 66° F Clear Hi: 81° F Lo: 63° F Report: Whole Foods could be taken over by Albertsons By Dave Byknish Published: April 24, 2017, 2:08 pm Updated: April 24, 2017, 9:36 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) This is a view inside the Whole Foods main store in Austin. (AP Photo/Harry Cabluck) Related Coverage Whole Foods’ sales decline again, grocer cuts forecast EPA: Whole Foods must pay $3.5M over hazardous waste violations Whole Foods says key sales figure falls again AUSTIN (KXAN) — The private equity group that backs U.S. grocer Albertsons is considering a bid on Austin’s own Whole Foods, according to the Financial Times. Albertsons’ buyout group, Cerberus Capital Management, has been looking to expand its supermarket business, originally expressing interest in Sprouts Farmers Market. Those talks fell apart. A bid on Whole Foods would come three years after Albertsons acquired Safeway for $9 billion, making it the largest supermarket chain behind Walmart and Kroger. It’s likely, according to the size of Whole Foods, Albertsons would seek assistance from other investors to seal the deal. Whole Foods’ bottom line has been taking a hit in recent years, the Financial Times says, as more retailers are improving their organic offerings. Analysts have said that Albertsons’ interest in Whole Foods could spark a bidding war on the brand. In a follow-up story Monday afternoon, the Financial Times said Whole Foods shares spiked following the initial report that Albertsons was exploring a takeover. They say Whole Foods’ shares went up 3.6 percent following the report. Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Related Posts PHOTOS: Whole Foods 365 in Cedar Park Mayo, wings, butter: ‘Fake milk’ is the latest food fight Major healthcare company could bring hundreds of jobs to Austin Wichita Falls man’s inspiring weight loss goes viral Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » KXAN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Users who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on KXAN.com Top Stories Mother says 4-year-old daughter was sexually assaulted at Austin school Barricaded suspect sets east Austin house on fire, aims gun at firefighters Driver amazed to have survived crash with Austin fire truck Photo Galleries PHOTOS: Whole Foods 365 in Cedar Park Mugshots: Teachers charged with inappropriate relationship with students PHOTOS: San Marcos streets, cars underwater PHOTOS: U.S. missile attacks on Syria’s air bases PHOTOS: Severe storms move through Central Texas PHOTOS: Members from First Baptist New Braunfels killed in crash PHOTOS: Members from First Baptist New Braunfels killed in crash PHOTOS: Anvil cloud looms over the Austin area PHOTOS: Attack on British Parliament PHOTOS: Train crashes into bus from Austin in Biloxi PHOTOS: Storm spawns tornadoes across central US Thrall-area struck by two tornadoes PHOTOS: Severe storms leave behind damage, destruction A Day Without Immigrants Bastrop kidnapping ends in deadly shooting along SH 71 in Del Valle PHOTOS: Red carpet fashion at the Grammys PHOTOS: Truck slams into Georgetown home leaving gaping hole That time Lady Gaga rocked Halftime PHOTOS: Taste of the NFL – Party with a Purpose PHOTOS: Players committing to colleges for National Signing Day Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KXAN.com © 2000-2017 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Austin Weather Traffic Investigations Report It Sports KXAN Educates Station About Us Contact Us Contests TV Schedule Email Alerts Text Alerts Work for Us Facebook Twitter Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File Children’s TV Programming EEO Report Media General Our Stations The CW Austin KBVO Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram KXAN-TV 908 W. Martin Luther King Jr Blvd Austin, Texas 78701 Ph: 512-476-3636 KXAN Feedback If you have feedback about KXAN, we'd love to hear it. If you have a story, investigative, weather or web site tip, please visit our Report It page. Advertisement X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
General News • Columns • Weather • Civics • Economy • Variety • Puzzles • Faith •  Health & Wellness • Saluting our Military • Sports • Kudos • Recipes Today Is Greater Tulsa Reporter TU Ad Program Receives National Attention By HANNAH KLOPPENBURG TU Student TAI PEI PITCH: From left, Grace LaFerry, Jonah Townsley, Brooke Randels and Hannah Kloppenburg present the TU NSAC campaign to communication faculty and Tulsa advertising professionals.” GTR Newspapers Photo Early on the morning of April 5, students from the University of Tulsa Ad Program loaded up into two vans and began the four-hour drive to Ft. Worth, Texas, where they would participate in the National Student Advertising Competition. NSAC is an annual competition in which teams from universities across the country present 20-minute pitches for a volunteer corporation. This year’s client was Tai Pei frozen Asian food, a branch of Ajinomoto Windsor. TU typically assembles a hand-picked team of students in the fall to take a spring semester class focused solely on creating an NSAC campaign. The 2017 team was led by advertising professor Bill Hinkle, with additional guidance from instructors Josh Butts and Teresa Valero. Karoline Newell and Adrianna Catalanotto directed the team as student leaders. This year’s client was a challenge for the TU team — Tai Pei’s main directive was to create a campaign that targeted millennials, with the caveat of a very limited budget. In response, the students developed a campaign to make Tai Pei a lifestyle brand that was based around social media exposure and a cross-country tour. The highlight of the campaign was the Dragon Wagon, a 50-foot truck outfitted to look like a dragon pulling three boxes of Tai Pei packaging, and four brand ambassadors who would take the Dragon Wagon to college campuses and Walmart locations across the nation. The brand ambassadors would distribute coupons, interact with customers and make donations to food banks in order to garner positive earned media for Tai Pei. Hours of research, copywriting, video production and graphic design went into the development of the campaign and the creation of a plans book. This plans book was presented to judges at the competition in Ft. Worth, accompanied by a 20-minute pitch and a 10-minute question-and-answer session. Eight students tried out for a speaker position. Of those eight, Jonah Townsley, Grace LaFerry, Brooke Randels and Hannah Kloppenburg were chosen to represent the team in the regional competition in Ft. Worth. When the day of the competition arrived, the speakers took to the stage dressed in Tai Pei letter jackets which were meant to mimic the outfits that would be worn by the brand ambassadors and delivered months worth of work in a single 20-minute pitch. The TU team placed seventh in their division. While only first-place teams advance from the regional level to the national competition, the Ad Program students are already anticipating next year’s NSAC campaign. Updated 04-24-2017 Back to Top READER COMMENTS Name Remember email (we never post emails) http:// Message   Textile Help Back to Top Contact GTR News Contact GTR News Sections General News Tulsa Weather Columns Civics Economy & Business Variety Dining & Entertainment Fashion Faith Home & Garden Health & Wellness Saluting Our Military Calendar Kudos GTR Puzzles Recipes Education Union Education Jenks Education Broken Arrow Education Tulsa Education Owasso Education Bixby Education Sports Composite Football Schedule Union Sports Jenks Sports Broken Arrow Sports Mid-Town Tulsa Sports Owasso Sports Bixby Sports
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Crime Stories» Up to 60 Teens Swarm Bay Area Train, Rob Riders Arkansas Executes 2 Men Hours Apart on Same Gurney A Get-Out-of-Jail-Free Card for Rapists May Be Eliminated Man Kills Woman Near Park Named for Her Murdered Sister Man's 'Poor Judgment' Outside Fire Leads to Arrest 5-Year-Old Missing After Father Found Unconscious A Sister Cracks a Murder Case, a Shocking Discovery Follows Navy SEAL Arrested on Child Porn, Molestation Charges Fugitive Teacher Claimed Teen Was 22-Year-Old Wife NY Leftist Radical Denied Parole After 35 Years Complaint Lays Out Planning of Alleged Kidnapping How Authorities Found Fugitive Teacher, Missing Student Crime / Tad Cummins Go to Grid|Next Story Sister Says Tad Cummins Explained His Reasoning to Her He allegedly pinned it all on Elizabeth Thomas By Kate Seamons,  Newser Staff Posted Apr 24, 2017 12:58 PM CDT 177 comments Comments Sister Says Tad Cummins Explained His Reasoning to Her Tad Cummins' sister says she has talked to him three times. (Today Show) (Newser) – Tad Cummins has yet to tell the world why he allegedly spent 39 days on the run with 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas, but Cummins' sister says he has told her. In a Today Show interview, Daphne Quinn says she has spoken to her brother three times since the two were found Thursday in a cabin near Cecilville, Calif., and says she asked the former Tennessee teacher why. She says the 50-year-old gave her an answer: He said Elizabeth "wanted to run away and she wanted to leave. And he didn’t want her to go alone, and so he went with her so that he could know that she was safe." People reports previous statements by an attorney for Elizabeth's family counter that and allege Cummins "groomed" the teen. And then there's the federal complaint filed against Cummins, which says he refilled his prescription for erectile dysfunction medication and made reservations for one-bed rooms at multiple Super 8 motels prior to allegedly kidnapping Elizabeth. The federal complaint also states Cummins bought chocolates and sexual lubricant at Walmart while on the run with Elizabeth. As for Cummins, Quinn says, "I think he would like to get his family back but I think it just hasn’t hit him yet that that’s not gonna happen." WHNT reports Cummins is scheduled to appear in federal court in Sacramento at 2pm local time Monday. (Cummins allegedly told someone Elizabeth was his 22-year-old wife.)   View 1 image My Take on This Story Report a story error Show results without voting  |   8% Hilarious 4% Intriguing 26% Depressing 2% Brilliant 19% Scary 41% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 177 comments You Might Like Sponsored by ZergNet Next on Newser: Politico: Obama White House Didn't Tell Full Story on Iran Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 177 comments Gt411 15 minutes ago Sister of teen girl's accused kidnapper: 'He's done this horrible thing' . Any body that believes she wasn't complicit in all this, I have a bridge for sale 1.77245 1 hour, 24 minutes ago I guess the sexual lubricant was to protect her from skid marks. Billy Ray 1 hour, 56 minutes ago old enough to bleed, old enough to breed... View all 177 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser Bale, Heigl in Dueling Disasters 1 Elton John Cancels All May Shows After 'Unusual' Infection 2 Mystery Surrounds Death of Happy Days' 'Joanie' 3 Man Denied Transplant Due to Pot Use Dies at 20 4 Erin Moran Had Advanced Cancer 5 Other Stories On Our Radar The World's Scariest Child Abduction The Man to Thank for Tad Cummins' Arrest Recalled Their Creepy Meeting Spotted: a Completely Naked Woman on a Motorcycle at a Red Light Well-Stocked Florida Underwear Burglar Gets Caught Red-Handed If You’ve Ever Deleted Uber Off Your Phone, There’s Something You Should Know Couple Dies Within 4 Minutes Of Each Other After Being Married For 71 Years Richard Simmons Is Photographed for the First Time in More Than Three Years Partner Links Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners Suspects Wanted In Robbery Inside Bronx Apartment Building Vestibule Shooting Near Battery Park Leaves 2 People Hospitalized Top UN Diplomats Invited To White House Luncheon Ahead Of Federal Budget... Go to CBS Local Your Next Purchase Could Have a Personality The Music Mastermind Behind 1,000 Bands The Story of Europe's First Muslim Ruler Go to Ozy What an x-ray revealed was stuck in a 5-year-old child’s throat is a cautionary... This dog adorably shames his owner when he’s left home alone too for long Following Sarah Palin’s photo with Hillary Clinton’s portrait, Obama’s WH... Go to Rare You Might Be Buying Ivanka Trump’s Clothing Brand Without Knowing It Girl Literally Uses Her Boyfriend’s Balls To Put On Makeup And The Internet Is... This Is Why Democratic Women Are So Mad At Bernie Sanders Right Now Go to Elite Daily Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
Latest News Dow 20,764 +216.13 +1.05% Nasdaq 5,984 +73.30 +1.24% S&P 500 2,374 +25.46 +1.08% 2:53 A.M. ET Marine Le Pen steps down as leader of National Front, for now 2:47 A.M. ET STV CEO Woodward to leave; says trading in line 2:45 A.M. ET Ericsson logs hefty loss on write-downs 2:44 A.M. ET Amec Foster Wheeler loss widens on oil decline 2:43 A.M. ET LVMH to pay €6 bln for full control of Dior unit 2:41 A.M. ET Whitbread lifts dividend as full-year profit rises 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Emmanuel Macron: 5 things to know about the man poised to be France’s president 2:00 A.M. ET Dutch recruiter Randstad posts higher earnings 1:59 A.M. ET Swedbank posts rise in net profit 1:59 A.M. ET Updated Novartis profit falls on drug failure charge 1:58 A.M. ET SAP net profit falls 9%, weighed by expenses 1:26 A.M. ET Oil rises as bargain hunters snap to attention 1:02 A.M. ET Three infrastructure stocks to buy — regardless of Trump’s spending plans 12:10 A.M. ET Updated This trick may help college students avoid stress, depression and hangovers 12:09 A.M. ET Updated How both middle-class and wealthy American families are sliding inexorably into the red 12:09 A.M. ET Updated After Juicero, here are 10 crazy expensive foods you should make — NOT buy 12:07 A.M. ET Updated Customers revolt after discovering Unroll.Me is selling their data to Uber 12:06 A.M. ET Updated Sheila Bair on America’s middle-class crisis: ‘It’s hard to find real opportunity’ 12:06 A.M. ET Updated Peter Schiff on America’s middle-class crisis: ‘We used to be the envy of the world’ 12:04 A.M. ET Updated America’s middle class shrinking, yet thriving in these European countries Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance After Juicero, here are 10 crazy expensive foods you should make — NOT buy By Quentin Fottrell Published: Apr 25, 2017 12:09 a.m. ET Share Here are some of the worst offenders for pricey foods that are easy to rustle up at home Getty Images for NYCWFF You could buy a house with all the money you would save from buying certain packaged foods. By QuentinFottrell Personal Finance Editor The uncomfortable truth: Every household has their own Juicero story to tell. A new Reddit thread poses a question that many people don’t like to think about. What expensive items do we spend money on that we could easily make for ourselves? The question comes on the heels of the Juciero startup, which sells a $400 juice press and juice packs that Bloomberg News reported could be just as easily squeezed by hand. The company’s chief executive, Jeff Dunn, responded on Medium: “The value of Juicero is more than a glass of cold-pressed juice. Much more. The value is in how easy it is for a frazzled dad to do something good for himself while getting the kids ready for school, without having to prep ingredients and clean a juicer.” Don’t miss: How do you achieve the American Dream if your family had generations of poverty? There are exceptions to store-bought items, of course. “My mom complains about how hard baklava is to make whenever we ask her to make some and also says it’s expensive with all the walnuts she buys for it,” another Reddit commenter writes. “Baklava sells in stores for like $5 though, so this might be an exception.” Cooked chickens can also be cheaper or only slightly more than uncooked chickens, which can be reused for lunch the next day, as is bread in many large grocery stores. These are known as “loss leaders” in retail. The prices may be low in many supermarkets, but the delicious aroma is priceless in terms of marketing for hungry shoppers browsing the aisles. Concept art from today's Juicero R&D meeting pic.twitter.com/vGqWkKhQCH— Brian Kelly (@bpkelly89) April 19, 2017 So what truly pricey things should we be doing for ourselves that retailers do for us? Try these for starters (and a main course): • Ginger syrup Some items are not as complicated to make as they might appear. A bottle of ginger syrup can cost up to $12.51 on Amazon.com and that’s a bottle at the low end of the price scale. Try this recipe for homemade ginger syrup. All it takes is 8 ounces (225 grams) of fresh ginger, four cups (or 1 liter) of water and two cups (approximately 400 grams) of sugar and a pinch of salt. “When added to seltzer this becomes ginger beer (not ginger ale),” one Reddit user writes. “Add vodka and squeeze two small lime wedges and you have a Moscow mule.” • Pasta sauce “Pasta sauce is kind of expensive depending on the quality you’re buying,” another commenter added. “It’s literally just tomatoes, garlic, onion and meat, and tastes a lot better made fresh.” Another added: “Or for a white sauce: butter, flour, spices (as easy as garlic plus onion, or as complex as you want), and milk/cream.” They’re not wrong. You can make your own from fresh ingredients and control how much salt you want or buy this 24-ounce bottle of Prego pasta sauce for $7.49. However, it also comes with 480 grams of sodium per serving. Also read: Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ • Vanilla extract “Homemade vanilla extract takes just two ingredients — vanilla beans and alcohol — and you can be as straightforward or creative as you like,” according to this recipe on TheKitchn.com blog. “Though it does take a bit of patience as you wait for the alcohol to extract the flavor from the beans, the delicious results are well worth it.” This 16-ounce bottle of vanilla extract costs $34 on Amazon.com. Vanilla beans can cost as much as $25. Vanilla beans are not cheap, however. These beans cost $7 on Walmart.com. • Cup of coffee Making your own caffè latte every morning could save you $337,942 over your lifetime, according to Beth McMillan, a Ph.D. student in the computer science at the University of Oxford. If instead of buying a latte, you invested 3 euros ($3.19 in U.S. dollars) for every day you bought a latte into an account that paid 6% interest for 50 years, that’s what you would get. Still, it’s not worth it for everyone. “I still buy a lot of coffee since it gives me a reason to leave my office,” one Reddit user wrote. This stressed-out worker adds, “$2.35 for sanity is cheap.” • Bottled water Bottled-water consumption in the U.S. hit 39.3 gallons per capita last year, while carbonated soft drinks fell to 38.5 gallons, marking the first time that soda was knocked off the top spot, according to data from industry tracker Beverage Marketing Corp. That’s $21.3 billion in retail sales, according to research group Euromonitor. That’s up to $2 or more for a bottle or, rather than buy water from the store and have to recycle all that plastic, you could also use the same flask or bottle and purchase a one-off $6.99 for a water filter instead. And here are five more in brief: Others include chocolate-covered fruit (“I will never understand why people spend $12 on a couple of strawberries with chocolate on them”), fancy yoghurt (make it at home), smoothies (blend fruit and ice instead of spending $8), guacamole ($2.50 for a scoop in Chipotle CMG, -2.15%  but a 99-cent avocado makes one bowl) and hummus (“You want me to pay $4 for an 8-ounce package of hummus, when I can take $1 worth of garbanzo beans (chickpeas), soak them, add 50 cents worth of garlic, lemon and tahini and have a goddamn gallon? Hell, no.”) More from MarketWatch These are the times when you are most likely to break your diet Half of American families are living paycheck to paycheck Why drinking diet soda may come back to haunt you later in life Quote References CMG -10.30 -2.15% Most Popular Wall Street ‘fear’ gauge plummets as French election results spark global relief rally Hollywood writers vote to authorize strike as deadline looms Are planets aligned for a renewed stock market rally? Unusual full Senate briefing to be held by White House on North Korea This security attack costs companies over $3 billion in losses Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Compare Financial Advisors in Your Neighborhood SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com 5-Year CDs Jump to 2.3% APY SmartAsset.com 2017's Best Travel Rewards Credit Cards with No Annual Fee SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.41% 30 yr fixed 3.87% 15 yr fixed 3.07% 10 yr fixed 2.9% 30 yr fixed refi 3.87% 15 yr fixed refi 3.07% 5/1 ARM 3.1% 5/1 ARM refi 3.26% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.84% $50K HELOC 4.87% $75K HELOC 4.86% $100K HELOC 4.58% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.33% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.3% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.22% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.31% 2 yr CD 0.79% 1 yr CD 0.62% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.37% MMA Savings 0.3% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.1% 48 Mo Used Car 3.08% 36 Mo Used Car 3.35% 72 Mo New Car 2.98% 60 Mo New Car 3.23% 48 Mo New Car 3.11% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.57% 12.57% 12.00% Business 13.64% 13.64% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.00% 14.99% 14.41% Airline 15.74% 15.73% 15.13% Cash Back 15.77% 15.77% 15.33% Reward 15.81% 15.80% 15.24% Instant Approval 18.25% 18.23% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.20% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Quentin Fottrell Quentin Fottrell is MarketWatch's personal-finance editor and The Moneyologist columnist for MarketWatch. You can follow him on Twitter @quantanamo. MarketWatch Partner Center Quentin Fottrell Quentin Fottrell is MarketWatch's personal-finance editor and The Moneyologist columnist for MarketWatch. You can follow him on Twitter @quantanamo. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CMG $468.79 -10.30 (-2.15%) Volume 1.1M Open $482.75 High $482.82 Low $465.20 P/E Ratio 578.75 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 13.7B
Latest News Dow 20,764 +216.13 +1.05% Nasdaq 5,984 +73.30 +1.24% S&P 500 2,374 +25.46 +1.08% 2:53 A.M. ET Marine Le Pen steps down as leader of National Front, for now 2:47 A.M. ET STV CEO Woodward to leave; says trading in line 2:45 A.M. ET Ericsson logs hefty loss on write-downs 2:44 A.M. ET Amec Foster Wheeler loss widens on oil decline 2:43 A.M. ET LVMH to pay €6 bln for full control of Dior unit 2:41 A.M. ET Whitbread lifts dividend as full-year profit rises 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Emmanuel Macron: 5 things to know about the man poised to be France’s president 2:00 A.M. ET Dutch recruiter Randstad posts higher earnings 1:59 A.M. ET Swedbank posts rise in net profit 1:59 A.M. ET Updated Novartis profit falls on drug failure charge 1:58 A.M. ET SAP net profit falls 9%, weighed by expenses 1:26 A.M. ET Oil rises as bargain hunters snap to attention 1:02 A.M. ET Three infrastructure stocks to buy — regardless of Trump’s spending plans 12:10 A.M. ET Updated This trick may help college students avoid stress, depression and hangovers 12:09 A.M. ET Updated How both middle-class and wealthy American families are sliding inexorably into the red 12:09 A.M. ET Updated After Juicero, here are 10 crazy expensive foods you should make — NOT buy 12:07 A.M. ET Updated Customers revolt after discovering Unroll.Me is selling their data to Uber 12:06 A.M. ET Updated Sheila Bair on America’s middle-class crisis: ‘It’s hard to find real opportunity’ 12:06 A.M. ET Updated Peter Schiff on America’s middle-class crisis: ‘We used to be the envy of the world’ 12:04 A.M. ET Updated America’s middle class shrinking, yet thriving in these European countries Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance After Juicero, here are 10 crazy expensive foods you should make — NOT buy By Quentin Fottrell Published: Apr 25, 2017 12:09 a.m. ET Share Here are some of the worst offenders for pricey foods that are easy to rustle up at home Getty Images for NYCWFF You could buy a house with all the money you would save from buying certain packaged foods. By QuentinFottrell Personal Finance Editor The uncomfortable truth: Every household has their own Juicero story to tell. A new Reddit thread poses a question that many people don’t like to think about. What expensive items do we spend money on that we could easily make for ourselves? The question comes on the heels of the Juciero startup, which sells a $400 juice press and juice packs that Bloomberg News reported could be just as easily squeezed by hand. The company’s chief executive, Jeff Dunn, responded on Medium: “The value of Juicero is more than a glass of cold-pressed juice. Much more. The value is in how easy it is for a frazzled dad to do something good for himself while getting the kids ready for school, without having to prep ingredients and clean a juicer.” Don’t miss: How do you achieve the American Dream if your family had generations of poverty? There are exceptions to store-bought items, of course. “My mom complains about how hard baklava is to make whenever we ask her to make some and also says it’s expensive with all the walnuts she buys for it,” another Reddit commenter writes. “Baklava sells in stores for like $5 though, so this might be an exception.” Cooked chickens can also be cheaper or only slightly more than uncooked chickens, which can be reused for lunch the next day, as is bread in many large grocery stores. These are known as “loss leaders” in retail. The prices may be low in many supermarkets, but the delicious aroma is priceless in terms of marketing for hungry shoppers browsing the aisles. Concept art from today's Juicero R&D meeting pic.twitter.com/vGqWkKhQCH— Brian Kelly (@bpkelly89) April 19, 2017 So what truly pricey things should we be doing for ourselves that retailers do for us? Try these for starters (and a main course): • Ginger syrup Some items are not as complicated to make as they might appear. A bottle of ginger syrup can cost up to $12.51 on Amazon.com and that’s a bottle at the low end of the price scale. Try this recipe for homemade ginger syrup. All it takes is 8 ounces (225 grams) of fresh ginger, four cups (or 1 liter) of water and two cups (approximately 400 grams) of sugar and a pinch of salt. “When added to seltzer this becomes ginger beer (not ginger ale),” one Reddit user writes. “Add vodka and squeeze two small lime wedges and you have a Moscow mule.” • Pasta sauce “Pasta sauce is kind of expensive depending on the quality you’re buying,” another commenter added. “It’s literally just tomatoes, garlic, onion and meat, and tastes a lot better made fresh.” Another added: “Or for a white sauce: butter, flour, spices (as easy as garlic plus onion, or as complex as you want), and milk/cream.” They’re not wrong. You can make your own from fresh ingredients and control how much salt you want or buy this 24-ounce bottle of Prego pasta sauce for $7.49. However, it also comes with 480 grams of sodium per serving. Also read: Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ • Vanilla extract “Homemade vanilla extract takes just two ingredients — vanilla beans and alcohol — and you can be as straightforward or creative as you like,” according to this recipe on TheKitchn.com blog. “Though it does take a bit of patience as you wait for the alcohol to extract the flavor from the beans, the delicious results are well worth it.” This 16-ounce bottle of vanilla extract costs $34 on Amazon.com. Vanilla beans can cost as much as $25. Vanilla beans are not cheap, however. These beans cost $7 on Walmart.com. • Cup of coffee Making your own caffè latte every morning could save you $337,942 over your lifetime, according to Beth McMillan, a Ph.D. student in the computer science at the University of Oxford. If instead of buying a latte, you invested 3 euros ($3.19 in U.S. dollars) for every day you bought a latte into an account that paid 6% interest for 50 years, that’s what you would get. Still, it’s not worth it for everyone. “I still buy a lot of coffee since it gives me a reason to leave my office,” one Reddit user wrote. This stressed-out worker adds, “$2.35 for sanity is cheap.” • Bottled water Bottled-water consumption in the U.S. hit 39.3 gallons per capita last year, while carbonated soft drinks fell to 38.5 gallons, marking the first time that soda was knocked off the top spot, according to data from industry tracker Beverage Marketing Corp. That’s $21.3 billion in retail sales, according to research group Euromonitor. That’s up to $2 or more for a bottle or, rather than buy water from the store and have to recycle all that plastic, you could also use the same flask or bottle and purchase a one-off $6.99 for a water filter instead. And here are five more in brief: Others include chocolate-covered fruit (“I will never understand why people spend $12 on a couple of strawberries with chocolate on them”), fancy yoghurt (make it at home), smoothies (blend fruit and ice instead of spending $8), guacamole ($2.50 for a scoop in Chipotle CMG, -2.15%  but a 99-cent avocado makes one bowl) and hummus (“You want me to pay $4 for an 8-ounce package of hummus, when I can take $1 worth of garbanzo beans (chickpeas), soak them, add 50 cents worth of garlic, lemon and tahini and have a goddamn gallon? Hell, no.”) More from MarketWatch These are the times when you are most likely to break your diet Half of American families are living paycheck to paycheck Why drinking diet soda may come back to haunt you later in life Quote References CMG -10.30 -2.15% Most Popular Wall Street ‘fear’ gauge plummets as French election results spark global relief rally Hollywood writers vote to authorize strike as deadline looms Are planets aligned for a renewed stock market rally? Unusual full Senate briefing to be held by White House on North Korea This security attack costs companies over $3 billion in losses Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Compare Financial Advisors in Your Neighborhood SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com 5-Year CDs Jump to 2.3% APY SmartAsset.com 2017's Best Travel Rewards Credit Cards with No Annual Fee SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.41% 30 yr fixed 3.87% 15 yr fixed 3.07% 10 yr fixed 2.9% 30 yr fixed refi 3.87% 15 yr fixed refi 3.07% 5/1 ARM 3.1% 5/1 ARM refi 3.26% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.84% $50K HELOC 4.87% $75K HELOC 4.86% $100K HELOC 4.58% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.33% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.3% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.22% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.31% 2 yr CD 0.79% 1 yr CD 0.62% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.37% MMA Savings 0.3% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.1% 48 Mo Used Car 3.08% 36 Mo Used Car 3.35% 72 Mo New Car 2.98% 60 Mo New Car 3.23% 48 Mo New Car 3.11% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.57% 12.57% 12.00% Business 13.64% 13.64% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.00% 14.99% 14.41% Airline 15.74% 15.73% 15.13% Cash Back 15.77% 15.77% 15.33% Reward 15.81% 15.80% 15.24% Instant Approval 18.25% 18.23% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.20% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Quentin Fottrell Quentin Fottrell is MarketWatch's personal-finance editor and The Moneyologist columnist for MarketWatch. You can follow him on Twitter @quantanamo. MarketWatch Partner Center Quentin Fottrell Quentin Fottrell is MarketWatch's personal-finance editor and The Moneyologist columnist for MarketWatch. You can follow him on Twitter @quantanamo. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CMG $468.79 -10.30 (-2.15%) Volume 1.1M Open $482.75 High $482.82 Low $465.20 P/E Ratio 578.75 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 13.7B
Latest News Dow 20,764 +216.13 +1.05% Nasdaq 5,984 +73.30 +1.24% S&P 500 2,374 +25.46 +1.08% 2:53 A.M. ET Marine Le Pen steps down as leader of National Front, for now 2:47 A.M. ET STV CEO Woodward to leave; says trading in line 2:45 A.M. ET Ericsson logs hefty loss on write-downs 2:44 A.M. ET Amec Foster Wheeler loss widens on oil decline 2:43 A.M. ET LVMH to pay €6 bln for full control of Dior unit 2:41 A.M. ET Whitbread lifts dividend as full-year profit rises 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Emmanuel Macron: 5 things to know about the man poised to be France’s president 2:00 A.M. ET Dutch recruiter Randstad posts higher earnings 1:59 A.M. ET Swedbank posts rise in net profit 1:59 A.M. ET Updated Novartis profit falls on drug failure charge 1:58 A.M. ET SAP net profit falls 9%, weighed by expenses 1:26 A.M. ET Oil rises as bargain hunters snap to attention 1:02 A.M. ET Three infrastructure stocks to buy — regardless of Trump’s spending plans 12:10 A.M. ET Updated This trick may help college students avoid stress, depression and hangovers 12:09 A.M. ET Updated How both middle-class and wealthy American families are sliding inexorably into the red 12:09 A.M. ET Updated After Juicero, here are 10 crazy expensive foods you should make — NOT buy 12:07 A.M. ET Updated Customers revolt after discovering Unroll.Me is selling their data to Uber 12:06 A.M. ET Updated Sheila Bair on America’s middle-class crisis: ‘It’s hard to find real opportunity’ 12:06 A.M. ET Updated Peter Schiff on America’s middle-class crisis: ‘We used to be the envy of the world’ 12:04 A.M. ET Updated America’s middle class shrinking, yet thriving in these European countries Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance After Juicero, here are 10 crazy expensive foods you should make — NOT buy By Quentin Fottrell Published: Apr 25, 2017 12:09 a.m. ET Share Here are some of the worst offenders for pricey foods that are easy to rustle up at home Getty Images for NYCWFF You could buy a house with all the money you would save from buying certain packaged foods. By QuentinFottrell Personal Finance Editor The uncomfortable truth: Every household has their own Juicero story to tell. A new Reddit thread poses a question that many people don’t like to think about. What expensive items do we spend money on that we could easily make for ourselves? The question comes on the heels of the Juciero startup, which sells a $400 juice press and juice packs that Bloomberg News reported could be just as easily squeezed by hand. The company’s chief executive, Jeff Dunn, responded on Medium: “The value of Juicero is more than a glass of cold-pressed juice. Much more. The value is in how easy it is for a frazzled dad to do something good for himself while getting the kids ready for school, without having to prep ingredients and clean a juicer.” Don’t miss: How do you achieve the American Dream if your family had generations of poverty? There are exceptions to store-bought items, of course. “My mom complains about how hard baklava is to make whenever we ask her to make some and also says it’s expensive with all the walnuts she buys for it,” another Reddit commenter writes. “Baklava sells in stores for like $5 though, so this might be an exception.” Cooked chickens can also be cheaper or only slightly more than uncooked chickens, which can be reused for lunch the next day, as is bread in many large grocery stores. These are known as “loss leaders” in retail. The prices may be low in many supermarkets, but the delicious aroma is priceless in terms of marketing for hungry shoppers browsing the aisles. Concept art from today's Juicero R&D meeting pic.twitter.com/vGqWkKhQCH— Brian Kelly (@bpkelly89) April 19, 2017 So what truly pricey things should we be doing for ourselves that retailers do for us? Try these for starters (and a main course): • Ginger syrup Some items are not as complicated to make as they might appear. A bottle of ginger syrup can cost up to $12.51 on Amazon.com and that’s a bottle at the low end of the price scale. Try this recipe for homemade ginger syrup. All it takes is 8 ounces (225 grams) of fresh ginger, four cups (or 1 liter) of water and two cups (approximately 400 grams) of sugar and a pinch of salt. “When added to seltzer this becomes ginger beer (not ginger ale),” one Reddit user writes. “Add vodka and squeeze two small lime wedges and you have a Moscow mule.” • Pasta sauce “Pasta sauce is kind of expensive depending on the quality you’re buying,” another commenter added. “It’s literally just tomatoes, garlic, onion and meat, and tastes a lot better made fresh.” Another added: “Or for a white sauce: butter, flour, spices (as easy as garlic plus onion, or as complex as you want), and milk/cream.” They’re not wrong. You can make your own from fresh ingredients and control how much salt you want or buy this 24-ounce bottle of Prego pasta sauce for $7.49. However, it also comes with 480 grams of sodium per serving. Also read: Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ • Vanilla extract “Homemade vanilla extract takes just two ingredients — vanilla beans and alcohol — and you can be as straightforward or creative as you like,” according to this recipe on TheKitchn.com blog. “Though it does take a bit of patience as you wait for the alcohol to extract the flavor from the beans, the delicious results are well worth it.” This 16-ounce bottle of vanilla extract costs $34 on Amazon.com. Vanilla beans can cost as much as $25. Vanilla beans are not cheap, however. These beans cost $7 on Walmart.com. • Cup of coffee Making your own caffè latte every morning could save you $337,942 over your lifetime, according to Beth McMillan, a Ph.D. student in the computer science at the University of Oxford. If instead of buying a latte, you invested 3 euros ($3.19 in U.S. dollars) for every day you bought a latte into an account that paid 6% interest for 50 years, that’s what you would get. Still, it’s not worth it for everyone. “I still buy a lot of coffee since it gives me a reason to leave my office,” one Reddit user wrote. This stressed-out worker adds, “$2.35 for sanity is cheap.” • Bottled water Bottled-water consumption in the U.S. hit 39.3 gallons per capita last year, while carbonated soft drinks fell to 38.5 gallons, marking the first time that soda was knocked off the top spot, according to data from industry tracker Beverage Marketing Corp. That’s $21.3 billion in retail sales, according to research group Euromonitor. That’s up to $2 or more for a bottle or, rather than buy water from the store and have to recycle all that plastic, you could also use the same flask or bottle and purchase a one-off $6.99 for a water filter instead. And here are five more in brief: Others include chocolate-covered fruit (“I will never understand why people spend $12 on a couple of strawberries with chocolate on them”), fancy yoghurt (make it at home), smoothies (blend fruit and ice instead of spending $8), guacamole ($2.50 for a scoop in Chipotle CMG, -2.15%  but a 99-cent avocado makes one bowl) and hummus (“You want me to pay $4 for an 8-ounce package of hummus, when I can take $1 worth of garbanzo beans (chickpeas), soak them, add 50 cents worth of garlic, lemon and tahini and have a goddamn gallon? Hell, no.”) More from MarketWatch These are the times when you are most likely to break your diet Half of American families are living paycheck to paycheck Why drinking diet soda may come back to haunt you later in life Quote References CMG -10.30 -2.15% Most Popular Wall Street ‘fear’ gauge plummets as French election results spark global relief rally Hollywood writers vote to authorize strike as deadline looms Are planets aligned for a renewed stock market rally? Unusual full Senate briefing to be held by White House on North Korea This security attack costs companies over $3 billion in losses Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Compare Financial Advisors in Your Neighborhood SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com 5-Year CDs Jump to 2.3% APY SmartAsset.com 2017's Best Travel Rewards Credit Cards with No Annual Fee SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.41% 30 yr fixed 3.87% 15 yr fixed 3.07% 10 yr fixed 2.9% 30 yr fixed refi 3.87% 15 yr fixed refi 3.07% 5/1 ARM 3.1% 5/1 ARM refi 3.26% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.84% $50K HELOC 4.87% $75K HELOC 4.86% $100K HELOC 4.58% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.33% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.3% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.22% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.31% 2 yr CD 0.79% 1 yr CD 0.62% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.37% MMA Savings 0.3% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.1% 48 Mo Used Car 3.08% 36 Mo Used Car 3.35% 72 Mo New Car 2.98% 60 Mo New Car 3.23% 48 Mo New Car 3.11% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.57% 12.57% 12.00% Business 13.64% 13.64% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.00% 14.99% 14.41% Airline 15.74% 15.73% 15.13% Cash Back 15.77% 15.77% 15.33% Reward 15.81% 15.80% 15.24% Instant Approval 18.25% 18.23% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.20% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Quentin Fottrell Quentin Fottrell is MarketWatch's personal-finance editor and The Moneyologist columnist for MarketWatch. You can follow him on Twitter @quantanamo. MarketWatch Partner Center Quentin Fottrell Quentin Fottrell is MarketWatch's personal-finance editor and The Moneyologist columnist for MarketWatch. You can follow him on Twitter @quantanamo. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CMG $468.79 -10.30 (-2.15%) Volume 1.1M Open $482.75 High $482.82 Low $465.20 P/E Ratio 578.75 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 13.7B
Latest News Dow 20,764 +216.13 +1.05% Nasdaq 5,984 +73.30 +1.24% S&P 500 2,374 +25.46 +1.08% 2:53 A.M. ET Marine Le Pen steps down as leader of National Front, for now 2:47 A.M. ET STV CEO Woodward to leave; says trading in line 2:45 A.M. ET Ericsson logs hefty loss on write-downs 2:44 A.M. ET Amec Foster Wheeler loss widens on oil decline 2:43 A.M. ET LVMH to pay €6 bln for full control of Dior unit 2:41 A.M. ET Whitbread lifts dividend as full-year profit rises 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Emmanuel Macron: 5 things to know about the man poised to be France’s president 2:00 A.M. ET Dutch recruiter Randstad posts higher earnings 1:59 A.M. ET Swedbank posts rise in net profit 1:59 A.M. ET Updated Novartis profit falls on drug failure charge 1:58 A.M. ET SAP net profit falls 9%, weighed by expenses 1:26 A.M. ET Oil rises as bargain hunters snap to attention 1:02 A.M. ET Three infrastructure stocks to buy — regardless of Trump’s spending plans 12:10 A.M. ET Updated This trick may help college students avoid stress, depression and hangovers 12:09 A.M. ET Updated How both middle-class and wealthy American families are sliding inexorably into the red 12:09 A.M. ET Updated After Juicero, here are 10 crazy expensive foods you should make — NOT buy 12:07 A.M. ET Updated Customers revolt after discovering Unroll.Me is selling their data to Uber 12:06 A.M. ET Updated Sheila Bair on America’s middle-class crisis: ‘It’s hard to find real opportunity’ 12:06 A.M. ET Updated Peter Schiff on America’s middle-class crisis: ‘We used to be the envy of the world’ 12:04 A.M. ET Updated America’s middle class shrinking, yet thriving in these European countries Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance After Juicero, here are 10 crazy expensive foods you should make — NOT buy By Quentin Fottrell Published: Apr 25, 2017 12:09 a.m. ET Share Here are some of the worst offenders for pricey foods that are easy to rustle up at home Getty Images for NYCWFF You could buy a house with all the money you would save from buying certain packaged foods. By QuentinFottrell Personal Finance Editor The uncomfortable truth: Every household has their own Juicero story to tell. A new Reddit thread poses a question that many people don’t like to think about. What expensive items do we spend money on that we could easily make for ourselves? The question comes on the heels of the Juciero startup, which sells a $400 juice press and juice packs that Bloomberg News reported could be just as easily squeezed by hand. The company’s chief executive, Jeff Dunn, responded on Medium: “The value of Juicero is more than a glass of cold-pressed juice. Much more. The value is in how easy it is for a frazzled dad to do something good for himself while getting the kids ready for school, without having to prep ingredients and clean a juicer.” Don’t miss: How do you achieve the American Dream if your family had generations of poverty? There are exceptions to store-bought items, of course. “My mom complains about how hard baklava is to make whenever we ask her to make some and also says it’s expensive with all the walnuts she buys for it,” another Reddit commenter writes. “Baklava sells in stores for like $5 though, so this might be an exception.” Cooked chickens can also be cheaper or only slightly more than uncooked chickens, which can be reused for lunch the next day, as is bread in many large grocery stores. These are known as “loss leaders” in retail. The prices may be low in many supermarkets, but the delicious aroma is priceless in terms of marketing for hungry shoppers browsing the aisles. Concept art from today's Juicero R&D meeting pic.twitter.com/vGqWkKhQCH— Brian Kelly (@bpkelly89) April 19, 2017 So what truly pricey things should we be doing for ourselves that retailers do for us? Try these for starters (and a main course): • Ginger syrup Some items are not as complicated to make as they might appear. A bottle of ginger syrup can cost up to $12.51 on Amazon.com and that’s a bottle at the low end of the price scale. Try this recipe for homemade ginger syrup. All it takes is 8 ounces (225 grams) of fresh ginger, four cups (or 1 liter) of water and two cups (approximately 400 grams) of sugar and a pinch of salt. “When added to seltzer this becomes ginger beer (not ginger ale),” one Reddit user writes. “Add vodka and squeeze two small lime wedges and you have a Moscow mule.” • Pasta sauce “Pasta sauce is kind of expensive depending on the quality you’re buying,” another commenter added. “It’s literally just tomatoes, garlic, onion and meat, and tastes a lot better made fresh.” Another added: “Or for a white sauce: butter, flour, spices (as easy as garlic plus onion, or as complex as you want), and milk/cream.” They’re not wrong. You can make your own from fresh ingredients and control how much salt you want or buy this 24-ounce bottle of Prego pasta sauce for $7.49. However, it also comes with 480 grams of sodium per serving. Also read: Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ • Vanilla extract “Homemade vanilla extract takes just two ingredients — vanilla beans and alcohol — and you can be as straightforward or creative as you like,” according to this recipe on TheKitchn.com blog. “Though it does take a bit of patience as you wait for the alcohol to extract the flavor from the beans, the delicious results are well worth it.” This 16-ounce bottle of vanilla extract costs $34 on Amazon.com. Vanilla beans can cost as much as $25. Vanilla beans are not cheap, however. These beans cost $7 on Walmart.com. • Cup of coffee Making your own caffè latte every morning could save you $337,942 over your lifetime, according to Beth McMillan, a Ph.D. student in the computer science at the University of Oxford. If instead of buying a latte, you invested 3 euros ($3.19 in U.S. dollars) for every day you bought a latte into an account that paid 6% interest for 50 years, that’s what you would get. Still, it’s not worth it for everyone. “I still buy a lot of coffee since it gives me a reason to leave my office,” one Reddit user wrote. This stressed-out worker adds, “$2.35 for sanity is cheap.” • Bottled water Bottled-water consumption in the U.S. hit 39.3 gallons per capita last year, while carbonated soft drinks fell to 38.5 gallons, marking the first time that soda was knocked off the top spot, according to data from industry tracker Beverage Marketing Corp. That’s $21.3 billion in retail sales, according to research group Euromonitor. That’s up to $2 or more for a bottle or, rather than buy water from the store and have to recycle all that plastic, you could also use the same flask or bottle and purchase a one-off $6.99 for a water filter instead. And here are five more in brief: Others include chocolate-covered fruit (“I will never understand why people spend $12 on a couple of strawberries with chocolate on them”), fancy yoghurt (make it at home), smoothies (blend fruit and ice instead of spending $8), guacamole ($2.50 for a scoop in Chipotle CMG, -2.15%  but a 99-cent avocado makes one bowl) and hummus (“You want me to pay $4 for an 8-ounce package of hummus, when I can take $1 worth of garbanzo beans (chickpeas), soak them, add 50 cents worth of garlic, lemon and tahini and have a goddamn gallon? Hell, no.”) More from MarketWatch These are the times when you are most likely to break your diet Half of American families are living paycheck to paycheck Why drinking diet soda may come back to haunt you later in life Quote References CMG -10.30 -2.15% Most Popular Wall Street ‘fear’ gauge plummets as French election results spark global relief rally Hollywood writers vote to authorize strike as deadline looms Are planets aligned for a renewed stock market rally? Unusual full Senate briefing to be held by White House on North Korea This security attack costs companies over $3 billion in losses Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Compare Financial Advisors in Your Neighborhood SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com 5-Year CDs Jump to 2.3% APY SmartAsset.com 2017's Best Travel Rewards Credit Cards with No Annual Fee SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.41% 30 yr fixed 3.87% 15 yr fixed 3.07% 10 yr fixed 2.9% 30 yr fixed refi 3.87% 15 yr fixed refi 3.07% 5/1 ARM 3.1% 5/1 ARM refi 3.26% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.84% $50K HELOC 4.87% $75K HELOC 4.86% $100K HELOC 4.58% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.33% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.3% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.22% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.31% 2 yr CD 0.79% 1 yr CD 0.62% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.37% MMA Savings 0.3% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.1% 48 Mo Used Car 3.08% 36 Mo Used Car 3.35% 72 Mo New Car 2.98% 60 Mo New Car 3.23% 48 Mo New Car 3.11% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.57% 12.57% 12.00% Business 13.64% 13.64% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.00% 14.99% 14.41% Airline 15.74% 15.73% 15.13% Cash Back 15.77% 15.77% 15.33% Reward 15.81% 15.80% 15.24% Instant Approval 18.25% 18.23% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.20% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Quentin Fottrell Quentin Fottrell is MarketWatch's personal-finance editor and The Moneyologist columnist for MarketWatch. You can follow him on Twitter @quantanamo. MarketWatch Partner Center Quentin Fottrell Quentin Fottrell is MarketWatch's personal-finance editor and The Moneyologist columnist for MarketWatch. You can follow him on Twitter @quantanamo. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CMG $468.79 -10.30 (-2.15%) Volume 1.1M Open $482.75 High $482.82 Low $465.20 P/E Ratio 578.75 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 13.7B
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump North Korea ObamaCare Just In... Chris Christie gives Trump a 'B' on presidency so far News — 4h 26m ago After temporary halt, second Arkansas execution will go ahead: reports News — 4h 28m ago Warren gives Trump's first 100 days an 'F' News — 4h 57m ago Schumer: 'Good for country' if Trump punts on border wall fight Floor Action — 5h 22m ago Chelsea Clinton tweets 'reminder' that she's 'not running for anything' News — 5h 25m ago Trump: Chinese president ‘likes me a lot’ International — 5h 33m ago 21 state AGs denounce DeVos for ending student loan reform News — 6h 2m ago Disconnect: Trump, GOP not on same page Administration — 6h 30m ago view all   Going green — why environmental protection is both a business and legislative concern By Nancy E. Landrum, opinion contributor - 04/24/17 02:00 PM EDT 2   © Getty Images The late Nobel Prize-winning economist Milton Friedman once said the social responsibility of business is to make a profit. He contended that anything businesses do to invest their money elsewhere detracts from the purpose of making money.  In that vein, businesses have often focused exclusively on making a profit. Now that Earth Day is passed and gimmicky connections are over, it is time to get real. Businesses in the 21st century have a moral and corporate social responsibility to heed the protection of the environment. ADVERTISEMENT In 1970, Earth Day was started by Wisconsin Senator Gaylord Nelson (D-Wis.) in response to environmental degradation and to advocate for environmental protection.  Later that year, President Richard Nixon signed an executive order to create the Environmental Protection Agency which initiated the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Endangered Species Act, and more.  The government took a leadership position in protecting the environment. On Earth Day 1971, Iron Eyes Cody portrayed a crying Native American in the Keep America Beautiful ad campaign aimed at reducing litter and pollution.  One of the most memorable ads in history, it helped reduce littering by 88 percent. This partnership between The Advertising Council, Keep America Beautiful and Marsteller, Inc. is an example of nonprofits and business working together for social change to protect our environment. But today’s EPA is taking a new direction, one that has many alarmed, including its own employees.  The EPA is considering rolling back environmental protections against air pollutants that cause smog as well as eliminating programs that prevent exposure to lead poisoning for children, pregnant women, and workers who remove lead paint.    President Donald Trump's administration has already supported the controversial Dakota Access and Keystone XL oil pipelines, revoked protections against dumping mining waste into streams, revoked the lead ammunition and fishing tackle ban on federal lands and waters, removed all reference to climate change on federal websites, significantly reduced the EPA’s budget, dismantled numerous regulations of the Clean Power Plan that protect against increasing carbon emissions, and rejected a proposal to ban continued use of a toxic pesticide. These moves have the support of some businesses and industries that believe the environmental regulations are too harsh and restrictive. But environmental destruction is blamed on advances made during the industrial revolution fueled by the business pursuit of profit. The industrial revolution refers to the gains made by business and industry since the development of mechanization in manufacturing around the late 1700s and throughout the 1800s. These technological advances allowed society to move from small farms and agrarian lifestyles to agribusiness. From artisan handicrafts to mass production, oil lamps to gas lights, horse-powered wagons to steam-powered railways, business and industry were the heartbeat of the industrial revolution. But as a result of the industrial revolution, we have climate change, pollution, toxicity, landfills, dead zones, environmental degradation and more. Because business and industry are partially responsible for our current environmental conditions, the social responsibility of business now is to save our planet. Scientists warn us that we are at a crucial time when radical change is needed.  To avoid much worse impacts of climate change, scientists advise that we need to keep the average global temperature increase to no more than 2 degrees Celsius. Within that scenario, the fossil fuel industry risks a $33 trillion loss, the U.S. agriculture industry risks 10-20 percent or more loss in crop yields, the U.S. energy industry will spend $12 billion more annually to fight rising temperatures, and we could lose up to $507 billion worth of U.S. property. Without radical innovative change, business-as-usual with small advances to reduce unsustainability could put us on the path to a 6 degree Celsius or more increase in average global temperatures.  This is well beyond the 2-degree recommendation. Two reports in recent years (from CDP and Ceres) both confirm that business is not doing enough.  Current corporate sustainability efforts amount to efforts to “be less bad” and are insufficient to tackle the foreboding environmental problems before us. Switching to biodegradable or compostable products is a “less bad” approach that may sound eco-friendly, but when put in the trash and sent to the landfill, the products are sealed within the earth without access to natural processes, such as sunlight, water, and oxygen, that allow the products to biodegrade.  Walmart has just settled a lawsuit for selling products in California that make these misleading biodegradable or compostable claims.  The better choice would be to avoid producing, buying, and using plastic altogether.    While Columbia, REI, and The North Face are marketing the reduced environmental impact of their apparel, Patagonia is the only one telling us to repair and keep what you have and don’t buy more stuff.  This is the radical shift needed by businesses. Business leaders, such as Intel, PepsiCo, Google, and Tesla have communicated to Trump’s administration their commitment to continue sustainability efforts.  But more aggressive action is needed that includes the cooperation of business and industry, nonprofits, governments, and citizens.   Unchanged, the current approach toward corporate sustainability will continue to contribute to increasing sea level rise and more loss of waterfront property, more frequent extreme weather events, increased air pollution, further extinction of plant and animal life, and an increasing number of human deaths. This approach will keep us on track for increasing climate change.  Without radical innovative change, we threaten the very existence of human life. We recognize business must make a profit to remain viable. But profit cannot be the sole purpose of the business’ existence. Businesses must exist to improve the livelihood of communities and people, not only because it is the moral thing to do, but because it is in the best interest of society. Contrary to Friedman’s adage, the social responsibility of business is not to make a profit.  The social responsibility of business is to help save the planet for human life. The earth does not need us; we need her. Nancy E. Landrum is a Professor of Sustainable Business Management at Loyola University Chicago, co-author of Sustainable Business: An Executive’s Primer, and a fellow with Loyola’s Public Voices Greenhouse through The OpEd Project. The views of contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill. Tags Donald Trump Environmental protection Earth Day Eart   View the discussion thread. Contributor's Signup Sign up to become a Contributor Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Sean Hannity vows legal action... Sean Hannity has vowed to sue a former guest of his program with "some of... 191 Shares 2 Disconnect: Trump, GOP not on same... President Trump is on a different page than Republican leaders in Congress... 144 Shares 3 US nuclear sub heads to South... The USS Michigan is expected to dock in Busan, South Korea Tuesday. 134 Shares 4 Trump’s wall jams GOP in shutdown... No one is predicting a government shutdown at the end of the week, but few... 120 Shares 5 Saudi Arabia elected to UN women's... Saudi Arabia was elected to the United Nations Commission on the Status of... 113 Shares 6 State Dept. website highlights... The official website of the State Department's embassy and consulates in... 81 Shares 7 DNC chair Perez criticized for... DNC Chairman Tom Perez, who has been traveling the country on a unity tour... 74 Shares 8 State removes post highlighting... A State Department website has removed a blog post about President Trump’s... 74 Shares 9 Trump to impose tariffs on... A White House official said the tariff could go as high as 24 percent.  70 Shares 10 Trump order could undo designation... President Trump will sign an executive order on Wednesday instructing the... 69 Shares 11 Obama WH spokesman: I don't have a... "Sean's not the victim of a bait and switch. It's not like he met... 61 Shares 12 'Fox & Friends' anchor to be State... Fox News anchor Heather Nauert has been hired by the State Department to... 55 Shares 13 O'Reilly: Fans will be 'shaken'... Former Fox News host Bill O'Reilly said he is "sad" that he's not on... 55 Shares 14 CNN’s Tapper: US 'shamelessly'... The U.S. Embassy in London published a blog post touting Trump’s exclusive... 51 Shares 15 Obama to net $400K for Wall Street... Obama will speak at a healthcare conference for Cantor Fitzgerald LP in... 51 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Macron and Le Pen go to second round of French presidential poll US reopens door to reviving EU trade talks What Emmanuel Macron means for Brexit France faces national fight over global order Trump calls Xi and Abe as North Korea tensions simmer US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies Most Read Refugees evade Trump by fleeing to Canada Silicon Valley ‘superstars’ risk a populist backlash US reopens door to reviving EU trade talks Trump calls Xi and Abe as North Korea tensions simmer Trump plans to slash corporation tax rate to 15% Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read China’s fight with Visa and MasterCard goes global Jimmy Choo put up for sale after losing its fashion cachet Italians probe Emirati for alleged insider trading in UniCredit Albertsons explores bid for high-end grocer Whole Foods Credit Suisse braced for shareholder revolt over executive pay Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Euro and French stocks surge on expectation Macron beats Le Pen Authers Note: mightier than Le Pen Macron poll success buoys markets but Assembly vote also crucial Speculators bullish on Mexican peso for first time since 2015 Euro and global stocks bolstered by French vote Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Refugees evade Trump by fleeing to Canada Silicon Valley ‘superstars’ risk a populist backlash Macron, Le Pen and the limits of nationalism The irresistible rise of Emmanuel Macron French first-round result brings Macron a step closer to coronation Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read My speech was a car crash because I am too confident Fintech lures MBAs away from banking and consulting Sir Paul Marshall, co-founder Marshall Wace, backing Brexit Spectacular failures prime leaders for success How to avoid an Amber Rudd hashtag howler Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read How the Bible Belt lost God and found Trump Pink Sand 2017: an FT guide to the 50 best beach hotels Learn the classics? It’s all Greek to me Aubrey de Grey: scientist who says humans can live for 1,000 years Why Singapore’s kids are so good at maths Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times Albertsons explores bid for high-end grocer Whole Foods Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase aNewspaper + Premium Digitalsubscription for $11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase aPremium Digitalsubscription for $10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase aStandard Digitalsubscription available as Limited Time Offer for $4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase aDigital Trialsubscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend Paper + Premium Digital Weekend App Edition Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services FT Live Share News Tips Securely Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Close Financial Times International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Economy & Policy » News Ration shops must display central subsidy under PDS, Centre to states Business Standard Centre issues model law to end APMC monopoly States, if they agree, will need to adopt this as farm marketing is in their jurisidiction Sanjeeb Mukherjee & Agencies  |  New Delhi  April 25, 2017 Last Updated at 02:03 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UV2w7e ALSO READ Contract farming law may cover all agriculture commodities APMC draft law proposes private market yards India might be self-sufficient in pulses in 2-3 years: Radha Mohan Singh Amul's efforts to go cashless get demonetisation boost The central government on Monday issued its model of a law to replace the one of 2003 for the Agricultural Produce Marketing Committee (APMC) Act. Under the new model, buyers might not have to pay more than 1 per cent of the transacted value as mandi fee in case of fruit and vegetables and two per cent in case of other items. Agriculture is a state subject; the Centre can recommend what it wishes to see. The new model would open the door for multiple modes for sale and purchase of produce — private wholesale market ('mandis'), market yards operated by groups of individuals, licences to private entities for temporary bulk purchase directly from farmers. All towards the aim of ending the decades-old stranglehold of mandis in this regard.  The mandi tax, by the new model law, won’t be under any condition charged from the farmer or seller. Agents would to be allowed a commission of more that two per cent by value for non-perishable items; for perishables like fruit and vegetables, not more than four per cent. The Act would also empower the state director of agricultural marketing as the sole authority for granting trading licences to traders or commission agents, taking this over from existing APMCs.  The new model was unveiled at a meeting between the central and state agriculture and agricultural marketing ministers. “The majority of states were positive about the new Act. Some others said they'd first study it and then comment,” said agriculture minister Radha Mohan Singh. To be called the Agricultural Produce and Livestock Marketing (Promotion and Facilitating) Act or APLM, the new model would also enable any agricultural processing company, retail chains like Walmart or Big Bazaar, farmers’ cooperative with linkages to retail chains and farmer-producer companies to purchase farm goods directly from cultivators, outside the limits of any mandi or private market yard, after getting a licence for doing so.  Stock limits under the Essential Commodities Act won’t  apply to such bulk purchasers. They'd have to pay 0.25 per cent of the licence fee towards a Marketing Development Fund. “Even an individual keen to buy bulk agri produce for a big event like a marriage can take a licence and buy the produce but not more than three times in six months,” said Ashok Dalwai, additional secretary in the ministry. After the meeting, Uttar Pradesh's agriculture marketing minister, Swati Singh, told PTI: "We welcome the new law. We are already implementing some of the features. We will study and take a call." Rajasthan's Prabhu Lal Saini said they'd definitely implement the model. Read More On Apmc | Model Law | Ashok Dalwai | Essential Commodities Act | Radha Mohan Singh | Economy & Policy | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Learn & Develop Digital Business Strategies Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. Explore Australia with Malaysia Airlines Leadership Program with Prof Marshall Goldsmith New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Centre issues model law to end APMC monopoly States, if they agree, will need to adopt this as farm marketing is in their jurisidiction States, if they agree, will need to adopt this as farm marketing is in their jurisidiction The central government on Monday issued its model of a law to replace the one of 2003 for the Agricultural Produce Marketing Committee (APMC) Act. Under the new model, buyers might not have to pay more than 1 per cent of the transacted value as mandi fee in case of fruit and vegetables and two per cent in case of other items. Agriculture is a state subject; the Centre can recommend what it wishes to see. The new model would open the door for multiple modes for sale and purchase of produce — private wholesale market ('mandis'), market yards operated by groups of individuals, licences to private entities for temporary bulk purchase directly from farmers. All towards the aim of ending the decades-old stranglehold of mandis in this regard.  The mandi tax, by the new model law, won’t be under any condition charged from the farmer or seller. Agents would to be allowed a commission of more that two per cent by value for non-perishable items; for perishables like fruit and vegetables, not more than four per cent. The Act would also empower the state director of agricultural marketing as the sole authority for granting trading licences to traders or commission agents, taking this over from existing APMCs.  The new model was unveiled at a meeting between the central and state agriculture and agricultural marketing ministers. “The majority of states were positive about the new Act. Some others said they'd first study it and then comment,” said agriculture minister Radha Mohan Singh. To be called the Agricultural Produce and Livestock Marketing (Promotion and Facilitating) Act or APLM, the new model would also enable any agricultural processing company, retail chains like Walmart or Big Bazaar, farmers’ cooperative with linkages to retail chains and farmer-producer companies to purchase farm goods directly from cultivators, outside the limits of any mandi or private market yard, after getting a licence for doing so.  Stock limits under the Essential Commodities Act won’t  apply to such bulk purchasers. They'd have to pay 0.25 per cent of the licence fee towards a Marketing Development Fund. “Even an individual keen to buy bulk agri produce for a big event like a marriage can take a licence and buy the produce but not more than three times in six months,” said Ashok Dalwai, additional secretary in the ministry. After the meeting, Uttar Pradesh's agriculture marketing minister, Swati Singh, told PTI: "We welcome the new law. We are already implementing some of the features. We will study and take a call." Rajasthan's Prabhu Lal Saini said they'd definitely implement the model. Sanjeeb Mukherjee & Agencies Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Centre issues model law to end APMC monopoly States, if they agree, will need to adopt this as farm marketing is in their jurisidiction The central government on Monday issued its model of a law to replace the one of 2003 for the Agricultural Produce Marketing Committee (APMC) Act. Under the new model, buyers might not have to pay more than 1 per cent of the transacted value as mandi fee in case of fruit and vegetables and two per cent in case of other items. Agriculture is a state subject; the Centre can recommend what it wishes to see. The new model would open the door for multiple modes for sale and purchase of produce — private wholesale market ('mandis'), market yards operated by groups of individuals, licences to private entities for temporary bulk purchase directly from farmers. All towards the aim of ending the decades-old stranglehold of mandis in this regard.  The mandi tax, by the new model law, won’t be under any condition charged from the farmer or seller. Agents would to be allowed a commission of more that two per cent by value for non-perishable items; for perishables like fruit and vegetables, not more than four per cent. The Act would also empower the state director of agricultural marketing as the sole authority for granting trading licences to traders or commission agents, taking this over from existing APMCs.  The new model was unveiled at a meeting between the central and state agriculture and agricultural marketing ministers. “The majority of states were positive about the new Act. Some others said they'd first study it and then comment,” said agriculture minister Radha Mohan Singh. To be called the Agricultural Produce and Livestock Marketing (Promotion and Facilitating) Act or APLM, the new model would also enable any agricultural processing company, retail chains like Walmart or Big Bazaar, farmers’ cooperative with linkages to retail chains and farmer-producer companies to purchase farm goods directly from cultivators, outside the limits of any mandi or private market yard, after getting a licence for doing so.  Stock limits under the Essential Commodities Act won’t  apply to such bulk purchasers. They'd have to pay 0.25 per cent of the licence fee towards a Marketing Development Fund. “Even an individual keen to buy bulk agri produce for a big event like a marriage can take a licence and buy the produce but not more than three times in six months,” said Ashok Dalwai, additional secretary in the ministry. After the meeting, Uttar Pradesh's agriculture marketing minister, Swati Singh, told PTI: "We welcome the new law. We are already implementing some of the features. We will study and take a call." Rajasthan's Prabhu Lal Saini said they'd definitely implement the model. Sanjeeb Mukherjee & Agencies Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español ZEROTECH Leaks New Pocket Drone Hesper and Introduces ZEROSPACE Drone Formation Dance Set - Advanced Pocket Drone with 4K Gimbal Camera and Longer Flight Time and ZEROSPACE Drone Formation Dance Set Enable Enterprise-Grade Drone Technology at Consumer Prices News provided by ZEROTECH 24 Apr, 2017, 13:00 ET Share this article LAS VEGAS, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- ZEROTECH, a leading innovator of smart drones and technology, today announced that its HESPER Advanced Pocket Drone will be launched in the summer, a foldable 4K drone with 18 minutes flight time. The company also introduces its new formation flying technology and ZEROSPACE Drone Formation Dance Set. (Photo description: On the left is an unfolded Hesper Advanced Pocket Drone, and on the right is a ZEROSPACE Formation Dance Set) ZEROTECH Brings DOBBY to North America New Advanced Pocket Drone HESPER                                                      Catering to the increasing need of portable pocket drone of the market, ZEROTECH has developed a foldable drone with 4k imaging capabilities and 18 minutes of flight time. As a new member of Pocket Drone family, Hesper is compact yet powerful as it is packed with cutting-edge technologies. The longer flight time and controller available make it more powerful for aerial snaps. "Drone selfies and easy aerial photography are becoming necessary in every drone owner's life. The average consumer wants to record their memories anytime and anywhere, especially during their travels. Hesper is capable of taking quick aerial photos without comprising imaging quality," said Echo Lin, communication director of ZEROTECH. ZEROSPACE Drone Formation Dance for creating eye-catching moments Formation flying is a hot trend in the drone industry. While popular, the high cost of such technology has been a key barrier to entry with few companies actually harnessing "formation technology". With consumers and small businesses in mind, ZEROTECH has introduced ZEROSPACE, the first drone formation flying product based on an advanced computer vision positioning system for use at special events, festivals and more. ZEROSPACE Drone Formation Dance Set comes with eight units of DOBBY. You can choose 3 kinds of formation components as 2/4/8 drones with 10 flight patterns. All the flights can be controlled effortlessly by one person using the APP. All purchases come with accessories, batteries and adapters. As additional flight patterns become available, users will be able to download these formations through the mobile application. In contrast to other drone companies, ZEROTECH technology enables both indoor and outdoor flight capabilities. While outdoor flight relies primarily on GPS coordinates, indoor flight is more complex as it requires more sophisticated intelligence such as the use of computer vision positioning technology. Aligned with brand vision "making technology available to everyone", ZEROSPACE is affordable and provides users with an intuitive mobile app for flight control. The product is pre-programmed, enabling users to get the technology ready in under 10 minutes, and in just one click, activate a synchronized performance with a dreamlike galaxy stage effect. Besides the standard set, ZEROSPACE offers tailor made formations for special events, view the tailor made formationflight video for spring festival gala 2017. Other key advantages include: Requires only a small area to perform (4 drones require 2.5m x 2.5m of space; 8 drones require 5m x 5m of space) Environmentally friendly, especially compared to fireworks, balloons and other similar displays Inspiration for creating eye-catching moments during indoor and outdoor events Innovative lightning effects for stage performances Simple preparation and easy storage DOBBY Price Reduced with Additional Battery Originally launched in September 2016, DOBBY Pocket drones led the trends of small yet powerful drones. It's the first time that a smart drone can be folded to become a camera man for everyone everywhere. Following CES 2017, The Next Web said, "Packing this much tech in such a small package is uncommon. For a drone that can take off and land in the palm of your hand, facial recognition, a 1080p camera, and some truly impressive follow abilities is still mostly unheard of. Add to that the voice recognition, target tracking, image stabilization, and one-click sharing to social media and it's mostly in a class of its own." DOBBY, now with a second battery included, is available for $349 at Amazon, B&H Photo, BestBuy, Walmart and in the United States. It's also available at Staples and NCIX in Canada. About ZEROTECH Founded in 2007 and headquartered in China, ZEROTECH is a world leading supplier of smart drones and smart UAVs, with expertise in UAV technologies such as flight controller, gimbals, HD video transmission, CV, binocular, and image stabilization. With "BE SMART BE INNOVATIVE" as its guiding principle, ZEROTECH has developed products that have been used in mapping, security, filming, agriculture, inspection of power lines and scientific research. For close to a decade, ZEROTECH has built best-in-class industrial use drones. In 2016, they are expanding their drone technologies to global consumers, beginning with the cutting-edge, personal, pocket sized DOBBY drone. ZEROTECH has strengthened its relationship with Qualcomm Technologies since 2015 to promote the development of small yet powerful drones. Early in 2016, ZEROTECH patented new technological innovations in electronic image stabilization and binocular obstacle avoidance. Additional Information Media kit: https://www.dropbox.com/sh/tiu2k1x4cvftuc2/AABykyPuuTDSCHD6mRUFv6bDa?dl=0 To learn more, visit http://www.zerotech.com/en/index.html Facebook: Zerotech Instagram:Zerotech_global YouTube: Zerotech To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zerotech-leaks-new-pocket-drone-hesper-and-introduces-zerospace-drone-formation-dance-set-300444030.html SOURCE ZEROTECH 09 Jan, 2017, 09:30 ET Preview: ZEROTECH Introduces Advanced Features for DOBBY Pocket Drone at CES 2017 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 23 Nov, 2016, 08:00 ET ZEROTECH Introduces Advanced Features for DOBBY Pocket Drone at... 23 Nov, 2016, 08:00 ET ZEROTECH Brings world's smallest DOBBY Pocket Drone in North... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Consumer Electronics New Products & Services You just read: ZEROTECH Leaks New Pocket Drone Hesper and Introduces ZEROSPACE Drone Formation Dance Set News provided by ZEROTECH 24 Apr, 2017, 13:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
StyleCaster StyleCaster Fashion Beauty Lifestyle Entertainment SCtv StyleCaster StyleCaster StyleCaster Fashion Beauty Lifestyle Entertainment SCtv StyleCaster StyleCaster Share Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr The 9 Best Eye Creams That Actually Get Rid of Wrinkles What's hot Barbed Wire Eyebrows Are a Thing Now, Too 9 of the Best Self-Tanners that Will Give You a Pretty... How to Contour and Highlight Your Face in Under 3... The 8 Foods You Should Definitely Eat for Longer Hair... 10 Pics That Prove Gigi Hadid Can Pull Off Literally... StyleCaster The 9 Best Eye Creams That Actually Get Rid of Wrinkles Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr 0 byChloe Metzger 7 Shares 14 hours ago 9 Start slideshow Photo: ImaxTree OK, so we’re the first ones to call bullshit on the whole eye-cream thing, because 99-percent of the time, they’re totally useless and unnecessary. Whaaa? Yup—most eye creams are filled with the exact same ingredients already found in your face cream, so unless you’re only using an eye cream and leaving the rest of your face bone dry, it’s basically a redundant step in your skin-care routine. Unless, of course, you’re using an eye cream with proven anti-agers, like retinol and antioxidants. Then, folks, you’ve got yourself a power player. MORE: The 9 Coolest Color-Changing Products We’re Obsessed With We both know where this is going, so we’ll cut to the chase: We’ve rounded up all of the very best eye creams that truly, seriously work, meaning after a few months (sorry, science hasn’t married itself to magic, yet), you’ll see a legit reduction in fine lines, wrinkles, dark spots, and discoloration, thanks to the skin-resurfacing retinoids, complexion-brightening vitamin C, and damage-preventing antioxidants that are seriously packed into each of these serums and creams. Just massage a few drops across your under-eyes and eyelids every night after your moisturizer, and prepare to see younger-looking eyes (or, at least, the stuff surrounding your eyes) after a few months. Photo: ImaxTree MORE: Surprise: Makeup Wipes Are Actually Really Bad For Your Skin 0 Thoughts? 1 of 9 RoC Retinol Correxion Eye Cream RoC Retinol Correxion Eye Cream, $24.49; at CVS Pharmacy Photo: RoC Amarte Eyeconic Eye Cream Amarte Eyeconic Eye Cream, $80; at Dermstore Photo: Amarte Dermalogica Multivitamin Power Firm Dermalogica Multivitamin Power Firm, $62; at Dermalogica Photo: Dermalogica Olay Eyes Pro Retinol Eye Cream Treatment Olay Eyes Pro Retinol Eye Cream Treatment, $24.86; at Walmart Photo: Olay Dr. Dennis Gross Skincare Ferulic + Retinol Eye Cream Dr. Dennis Gross Skincare Ferulic + Retinol Eye Cream, $68; at Net-a-Porter Photo: Dr. Dennis Gross Skincare Neutrogena Rapid Wrinkle Repair Eye Cream with Retinol Neutrogena Rapid Wrinkle Repair Eye Cream with Retinol, $17.99; at Target Photo: Neutrogena Philosophy Miraculous Anti-Wrinkle Retinoid Eye Repair Philosophy Miraculous Anti-Wrinkle Retinoid Eye Repair, $68; at Sephora Photo: Philosophy L'Oréal Paris Revitalift Anti-Wrinkle + Firming Eye Cream Moisturizer L'Oréal Paris Revitalift Anti-Wrinkle + Firming Eye Cream Moisturizer, $13.27; at Walmart Photo: L'Oréal Paris La Roche-Posay Redermic R Anti-Aging Concentrate Intensive La Roche-Posay Redermic R Anti-Aging Concentrate Intensive, $56.99; at La Roche-Posay Photo: La Roche-Posay Next slideshow starts in 10s These Are the Must-See Outfits From Coachella 0 GOT THOUGHTS? SHARE THEM! share pin tweet tumblr 0comments Tags: anti aging eye creams Skin Care wrinkles Promoted Stories About Us Advertise Contact Us Careers Press Signup Facebook Pinterest Tumblr Twitter Instagram Sheknows MediaBeauty and Style copyright 2017 © all rights reserved by stylecaster Privacy Policy Terms Of Use Agreement RSS Powered by WordPress.com VIP StyleCaster Fashion Fashion News Street Style Tips + Trends Shopping Celebrity Looks Beauty Makeup Hair + Nails Skin Care Health + Fitness Lifestyle Home Travel Food + Drink Love + Sex Entertainment Celebrity News TV + Movies Music Culture SCTV WANT MORE? Get STYLECASTER in your inbox STYLECASTER Daily STYLECASTER Beauty Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr Instagram About Us Advertise Contact Us Careers Press Best Deals Privacy Policy Terms Of Use RSS share Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr Facebook Pinterest Twitter Post to Cancel
Home News News Obituaries Garage Sales Sports Stocks Weather Schedule Staff Events/Contests Contact WLDY-WJBL The Dice Like Us On Facebook! Like Us On Facebook! Click for weather forecast « Moving Sale (April 28th-29th) Rusk County News WLDY-WJBL NEWS 4-24-17 (Madison, WI)  —  Canada’s trade dispute with Wisconsin dairy farmers is starting to take a toll. State agriculture officials say 40 farms are without buyers for their milk, after Grassland Dairy of Greenwood cut them off because they could no longer sell the milk to Canadian dairies for a specialized cheese product — and the word of the cancellations comes before the May first cutoff date that was originally reported. The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel says that as of Friday, 58 Grassland farms in Wisconsin had their milk contracts canceled, and 18 found new milk buyers — and another milk plant dropped 14 farmers for unrelated reasons, and some found new buyers while the rest were planning to retire anyway. Officials from President Donald Trump on down have called it a violation of U-S trade deals. The state’s been looking for other milk plants to help those affected. In Rusk County over the past weekend, a Rusk County deputy made a traffic stop just before 1 AM Saturday on County Highway P, Tony. According to the report, a field sobriety was performed on the subject. The deputy advised that the subject was taken into custody for OWI and transported to the Rusk County jail. During the investigation, the deputy recovered two unloaded firearms from the truck and took possession of them for safekeeping while the vehicle was being towed. The deputy turned over the weapons over to the driver’s daughter. Saturday afternoon shortly before 2 PM, the Ladysmith Fire Department and the DNR were called to a location on Deerwood Dr. Ladysmith. A grass fire was burning out of control at this sight. The DNR was at the sight for about 1 hour. The Rusk County Sheriff’s Office at about 4:40 PM Saturday received a report of a structure fire on Hackett Road, Hawkins. According to the report, the Hawkins Fire Department and the Kennan Fire Department was called for mutual aid and EMS was not needed. Later Saturday night about 9 PM, Hawkins Fire Department advised there was a small flare up and there was about 9 acres that burned and a structure. No other information was available. At 4:45 PM Saturday afternoon, the Rusk County Sheriff’s Office served a warrant at the Gateway Apartment and Lodge on Main Street, Bruce. The deputies made contact with the subject who was taken into custody and transported to the Rusk County jail. Sunday morning at 3 AM, Ladysmith Police and a Rusk County deputy responded to a location on Tiews Road, Ladysmith, on a report that there were shots being fired South of the Rusk County Memorial Hospital. According to the report, the origin of the shots were located on Tiews Road just outside of the City limits. Upon arrival Officers observed a group of people standing outside of a residence. The home owner did admit that a firearm was discharged at the residence. The Owner was advised that no one should have been shooting at that time of night due to county noise ordinances. Rusk County authorities received a call just after 8 PM Sunday, from Canadian National reporting a grass fire approximately 1 mile South of a location at 310th Avenue and 370 Street, Sheldon. The fire was about 30 yards off of the railroad tracks. The Sheldon Fire Department was called but this was a controlled burn and the subject had a burning permit. Friday morning at 11:25, a Ladysmith Officer observed a vehicle at the LEC which matched the description of a theft that occurred in Rice Lake. The Officer met with the occupants of the vehicle. The Officer contacted the Rice Lake Police Department and obtained information along with photos from the theft. The City Officer interviewed a 47 year old man who first denied ever being at the Rice Lake Walmart but then admitted to being at Walmart but denied stealing anything. The Officer found out that the same suspects also committed a theft at the Lake Hallie Walmart. The case was referred to the Rice Lake Police Department. (Madison, WI)  —  Republican consultant Chris Lato (lah’toe) says Governor Scott Walker is about “as close to bulletproof as you can get,” in assessing his reelection chances for 2018. Two Sunday political talk shows in Wisconsin explored the question of whether a Democrat can beat Walker in his likely bid for a third term, considering things like the state’s solid economy. Some high profile Democrats have said they won’t run, including Congressmen Ron Kind and Mark Pocan, state Senate Minority Leader Jennifer Shilling, and former legislators Tim Cullen and Joe Parisi — and that leaves possible hopefuls such as lawmakers Kathleen Vinehout, Gordon Hintz, and Dana Wachs — businessman Andy Gronik — and Jefferson County D-A Susan Happ who ran for attorney general in 2014. On W-K-O-W T-V’s “Capital City Sunday,” Parisi said there’s still time for Democrats to form a positive message, and take advantage of holes left by G-O-P President Donald Trump. Others say a Democrat would need lots of money — something Cullen alluded to himself, when he said it might take 40-million dollars to match what Walker spends.   Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related WLDY-WJBL NEWS Rusk County News April 24, 2017 WLDY-WJBL NEWS 4-24-17 (Madison, WI)  —  Canada’s trade dispute with Wisconsin dairy farmers is starting to take a toll. State agriculture officials say 40 farms are without buyers for their milk, after Grassland Dairy of Greenwood cut them off because they could no longer sell the milk to Canadian dairies for a specialized cheese product […] Moving Sale (April 28th-29th) April 24, 2017 Moving Sale April 28th from 4:00pm-7:00pm and April 29th from 9:00am-12:00pm. Items include: 3 piece oak TV cabinet, gas grill, washer, gas dryer, high chair, saw horses, air mattress & pump. Located at Redwine’s; N 5497 County Rd. J, Ladysmith. Just past Riverside Cemetery. ABC SPORTS Ilie Nastase taking 'nasty' to a new level April 24, 2017 The past week in tennis was dominated by an onslaught of news. Some good, some bad -- and some downright ugly, no thanks to the controversy orchestrated by former world No. 1 Ilie Nastase. It began last Wednesday with some happy news, when Serena Williams announced via Snapchat that she was 20 weeks pregnant. Of […] NFL draft: Browns still searching for franchise quarterback April 24, 2017 The Browns' long search for a franchise quarterback will continue in this week's NFL draft Kawhi Leonard locked in a playoff duel with Mike Conley April 24, 2017 After an MVP-caliber regular season, Kawhi Leonard has been even better for the San Antonio Spurs in the playoffs ABC NEWS 'Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance' author dead April 24, 2017 Robert M. Pirsig, whose novel 'Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance' became a million-selling classic after more than 100 publishers turned it down, died Monday at age 88 WH press secretary defends Trump's 'significant' work in 100 days April 24, 2017 They are "very proud" of their work, Sean Spicer says. Ivanka Trump makes debut foreign trip April 24, 2017 She will be attending the W20 Summit this week. Recent Posts Garage Sales News Obituaries Sports Contact | Staff | News Copyright © 2017. All Rights Reserved. Hosted by Meggahosting and WordPress Theme created by Bill.
Life & Style Style Red in the face: What to do about rosacea Rosacea Milan Lipowski / Getty No need to let redness get you down — a careful skin care routine can help people with rosacea, experts say. No need to let redness get you down — a careful skin care routine can help people with rosacea, experts say. (Milan Lipowski / Getty) Ellen WarrenContact ReporterChicago Tribune Dear Answer Angel Ellen: My facialist told me that rose oil works to ease rosacea. True or false? Or are there other solutions? — Call Me Red And this related question … Dear Answer Angel Ellen: I am suffering from rosacea, and while I have convinced myself that the redness makes me look healthy, my thickening nose and other bumps are demoralizing.I am hoping you can suggest a line of products that won't further irritate the rosacea. The products I am most needing are skin care, sunscreen and makeup, especially foundation and blush. — Constantly Blushing RELATED: TRENDING LIFE & STYLE NEWS THIS HOUR Dear Blushing and Red: I took your questions to the experts. Dermatologist Mara Weinstein says, "Rose hip oil is packed full of vitamins (vitamin A, vitamin C) and antioxidants. It has anti-inflammatory properties, which can help reduce the redness associated with rosacea and acne-prone skin, which is sensitive skin. Just make sure that whatever formulation you pick up is noncomedogenic (doesn't clog pores)." Weinstein also offers this common-sense advice: "Avoiding common rosacea triggers can help reduce redness and flushing such as red wine, caffeine, stress, exercise, spicy foods and sun exposure." She also offered more detailed advice depending on which type of rosacea you're suffering from. "The two most common types are papulopustular rosacea (similar to acne and redness) and erythrotelangiectatic rosacea (also known as vascular rosacea). With the first type, some medications used to treat acne can help such as a sulfur-based face wash and prescription antibiotic cream. The best and most permanent solution for the vascular type is with a pulsed dye laser, which is targeted specifically to treat and eliminate those superficial blood vessels that create a flushed look on the skin." Dermatologist Michele Farber reminds, "Caring for rosacea requires extra gentle skin care to reduce redness and prevent flares. It is most important to use a nonirritating cleanser that helps to lock in moisture." Ingredients such as ceramides, hyaluronic acid, and glycerin help hydrate the skin, while it is best to avoid alcohol-based products. "Next, slather on a noncomedogenic moisturizer and sunscreen with SPF 30 or above to prevent flares from UV and weather extremes. EltaMD UV Clear SPF 46 provides broad-spectrum and gentle protection for rosacea-prone skin. Green-tinted moisturizers can help camouflage redness under makeup. There are concealing wands with green tint for areas that need extra attention or try Eucerin Redness Relief to provide a neutralizing base. Mineral-based powders or concealers can be gentler for covering redness and preventing breakouts for rosacea-prone skin. Clinique Redness Solutions provides a liquid base with antioxidant ingredients to calm rosacea." Farber recommends a sheer blush applied sparingly to give the face a healthy glow without excess redness. And a trio of related questions on how to get rid of facial brown spots … Dear Answer Angel Ellen: Is there a reliable bleaching cream that can get rid of brown sun (age) spots from my neck and face area? I have tried a laser treatment once on some other spots, but I was not happy with the results. There are a lot of creams on the market that claim they can "lessen" the look of age spots, but what is the real truth behind all these claims? — Joanne Dear Answer Angel Ellen: I am starting to get brown spots from my years of teenage sun exposure. Can you recommend an inexpensive fade cream with a moisturizer in it? — Eileen N. Dear Answer Angel Ellen: What is a good, inexpensive solution for brown spots on my face? — Jean C. Dear Joanne, Eileen and Jean: This is a problem that many readers have asked me about. "I think hydroquinone (which blocks the pigment cells from producing pigment) is the most effective of the topical (rub-on) solutions," says dermatologist Jeremy Fenton. You can buy 2 percent hydroquinone online or over the counter. For a frugal choice, he recommends Ambi Fade Cream, which comes in versions for both normal and oily skin and is sold at Target, Wal-Mart and online for around $7 for 0.2 ounces, but Fenton cautions that some people are allergic to hydroquinone or find it irritating. No surprise here, prescription strength 4 percent is going to be the more effective topical treatment. Some lightening agents that don't contain hydroquinone that he recommends are Elure Advanced Brightening Lotion (a pricey $92 and up for a small supply) or Phyto+ by Skinceuticals ($86 for a small bottle, skinceuticals.com) that uses the lightening agent kojic acid. Fenton (who, like Weinstein and Farber, practices at schweigerderm.com), also emphasizes, "People need to set appropriate expectations for these topical fade creams." Lasers are the most effective treatment for brown spots, he says but, "Any treatment, laser or topical, needs to be combined with strict sunscreen use every single day or the spots will just come right back." Fade creams will help fade some (not all) spots, but are probably not going to completely remove them. Combining the topical stuff with lasers will do the best job, he says. Some dark spots even require more than one laser treatment. Angelic Readers From Sue A.: "I have a small helpful hint. Many cosmetics, hair sprays, etc. have clear plastic tops (some of them tiny). Before, when I would drop the lid on the floor, or even the counter, it was sometimes very hard to find it. Now I just dab a couple of drops of bright nail polish on the clear lid, and I can always locate it easily." Now it's your turn Send your questions, rants, tips, favorite finds — on style, shopping, makeup, fashion and beauty — to answerangelellen@gmail.com. RELATED STORIES: One-shoulder tops: Another fad that's not for all Products for beauty at any age Is tight workout gear appropriate for the gym? April 11 is National Pet Day. To celebrate, here is a list of the most popular cat and dog breeds, according to Purina and the American Kennel Club. Give your furry friend a little extra love today. Looking to follow your Zen with your next adventure? If street art is your thing, then Lonely Planet has a book for you. "Street Art" provides locales that feature some of the world's best urban art in over 40 cities. Travelers also get a look at where to find street art hubs and festivals. Mosaics, murals and stencils ... oh my!   (Reproduced with permission from "Lonely Planet’s Street Art," © 2017 Lonely Planet) Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Stop telling your friends they're beautiful — it's making them sick A not-too-touristy Chicago bucket list 'Pro-suicide' websites lure too many people Sports Breaking Eat.Drink.Do. Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 56°
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Report: Rent the Runway co-founder joins Walmart tech incubator April 24, 2017 | By Deena M. Amato-McCoy Walmart’s tech start-up has added a new leader.   The retail giant’s newly launched startup investment arm, called Store No. 8, has named Jenny Fleiss as the chief executive of its first portfolio company, according to Reuters. Fleiss is the co-founder and former head of business development for Rent the Runway.    Store No. 8, which is being spearheaded by Marc Lore, Wal-Mart's e-commerce head, will work with startups that specialize in areas that include robotics, virtual and augmented reality, machine learning and artificial intelligence. Fleiss will run code eight, a start-up company that will develop personalized, one-to-one shopping experiences, the report said.    This is familiar ground for Fleiss. As the leader of the designer fashion rental company, she was responsible for managing business growth and long term-strategy planning, including honing key partnerships, and driving sponsorship sales and long-term strategic growth opportunities. She also assisted with company-wide infrastructure, project and financial planning, and lead key logistics decisions — all factors that contributed to the start-up company’s rapid growth trajectory.   Fleiss, who officially left Rent the Runway in March, will play a key role in evolving the company. In a report in Business of Fashion, Fleiss said, “I have missed the earlier stages of starting a business for a couple of years now. The big mission is to make shopping magical and enjoyable for consumers. There isn’t as much magic in online shopping today.”   By leveraging experiences from Store No. 8, the retailer is adding another weapon in its arsenal to battle its agile online rival Amazon.    Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Study: U.S. companies still waiting on an innovation ROI Fashion retailer closing all stores PetSmart acquires fast-growing online rival Walmart turns up the heat on Amazon with new discounting program Report: Children’s apparel retailer preparing bankruptcy filing President-elect hurting traffic at some major retail flagships Dollar Tree comes out on top Restaurant giant in $1.8 billion acquisition German grocery giant to make a big U.S. debut ahead of schedule Study: Retailers leave money on table due to lack of personalized service Solutions Spotlight Taking Stock of Retail’s Analytics Capabilities When it comes to using data and analytics to drive business results, where does the retail industry stand relative to other industries? And more importantly, where does your company stand against a retail industry index?  Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you expect the Republican party’s proposed tax reforms will help or hurt the retailing industry? Help Hurt Very little impact Not sure Hot Concepts The Reimagining of Cumberland Farms Cumberland Farms, a convenience store fixture in New England and central... First Look: Target’s next-generation store concept Target Corp. has unveiled its next-generation store format, which will make... Amazon debuts grocery pick-up concept More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Study: More than half of U.S. shoppers haven’t tried BOPIS More omnichannel retailers offer buy-online-pickup-in-store (BOPIS) services... Report: Retailers are running in place when it comes to IoT Retailers remain stuck when it comes to Internet of Things (IoT) initiatives... Survey: Store retailers leaving money on table Disappointing shopping experiences are costing brick-and-mortar retailers... Trending Stores Camper, Westfield, World Trade Center, New York City Camper, the contemporary footwear brand based in Spain, stays true to its tradition of creating unique store experiences for shoppers at each of its locations and at its new outpost in Manhattan.  More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Own Brands Now Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media Health Events Live   © 2017 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
United States Outdoor Furniture Market 2017-2021: Rise in Demand for Superior Quality Products from Affordable-Premium Categories - Research and Markets April 24, 2017 10:01 AM Eastern Daylight Time DUBLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Outdoor Furniture Market in the US 2017-2021" report to their offering. The analysts forecast the outdoor furniture market in US to grow at a CAGR of 3.95% during the period 2017-2021. The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the outdoor furniture market in US for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the retail sales of outdoor furniture to individual customers and commercial users in the US. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. The demand for outdoor furniture has increased, driven by growth in the outdoor landscaping market in the US. Consumers' purchase decisions for outdoor furniture are largely influenced by their changing lifestyles and the equal emphasis on both interior and exterior décor. The recovery of the US economy has also helped increase the purchase of outdoor furniture as people seek to expand their outdoor living areas. Outdoor furniture products that are made of natural, durable, and weather-resistant materials are in high demand, as they provide an aesthetic appeal to the outdoor space. Increasing construction activities and the availability of high-quality furniture are also favorable for the market's growth. Key vendors Berkshire Hathaway Brown Jordan International Century Furniture Forever Patio Homecrest Outdoor Living IKEA Williams-Sonoma Other prominent vendors Amazon AMERICAN SIGNATURE FURNITURE ATGStores.com Cabela's Costco Wholesale Ethan Allen Global Haverty Furniture Herman Miller JCPenney Kroger La-Z-Boy Otto Group (Crate and Barrel) Overstock.com Pier 1 Imports Raymour & Flanigan Furniture RH Sears Brands Sleepy's Target Brands Walmart Wayfair Key Topics Covered: Part 01: Executive summary Part 02: Outdoor furniture market in US: Summary Part 03: Scope of the report Part 04: Market research methodology Part 05: Introduction Part 06: Country profile: The US Part 07: Market landscape Part 08: Raw materials used in manufacturing Part 09: Market segmentation by product category Part 10: Market segmentation by usage Part 11: Market segmentation by retail distribution channels Part 12: Geographical segmentation Part 13: Market drivers Part 14: Impact of drivers Part 15: Market challenges Part 16: Impact of drivers and challenges Part 17: Market trends Part 18: Vendor landscape Part 19: Appendix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/fdtkbf/outdoor_furniture Contacts Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T. Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Furniture Contacts Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T. Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Furniture Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Search Home NEWS Sports FREESTYLE OPINIONS All Things Entertainment HawkE News Contact Us Staff The Hawkeye April 24Cochlear implants are not needed in order to achieve success in life April 24Corporations don’t really care, why should you? April 24Softball wins defensive battle v. Louisiana Tech April 2413 reasons why we need ‘13 Reasons Why’ April 24Gas-powered cars will rule for a while The Hawkeye Home NEWS Sports FREESTYLE OPINIONS All Things Entertainment HawkE News Contact Us Staff More » Corporations don’t really care, why should you? Cooper Doyle, [email protected] April 24, 2017 Filed under OPINIONS Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like. Close Close Modal Window Email This Story Send email to this address Enter Your Name Add a comment here Verification Send Email Cancel Did you see the recent Pepsi commercial? One of your Facebook friends did, and they are deeply offended and will be boycotting everything connected to it. Truly, the saga of our times. Whether we like it or not, controversial commercials and half-hearted boycotts are part of our modern world. It seems to make sense. How you spend your money is up to you, and it’s one of the most direct ways you can make your voice heard. Buy from a company, or don’t buy from them. It’s all up to you and your ethical code. But it’s not that simple. All advertising is corporate propaganda. It’s trying to sell you something, even when it looks like it isn’t. I know this seems like an obvious statement, but I bring it up because it feels like some people have forgotten that. Remember during the Super Bowl, when there were a bunch of “anti-Trump” ads and how there was a hissy fit over that? Or a few years ago when Coca-Cola had an ad with “America the Beautiful” sung in various languages? And now we have Pepsi doing its own thing. In each case, we’ve forgotten that these ads were selling stuff. The truth is, none of these companies really care about much else other than making money. I don’t blame them all that much.  That is their core purpose, after all. Personally, I don’t care about YouTube Music having ads centered on a woman in a hijab listening to metal music or a crossdressing teenager. However, I’m glad that we’re at the point where companies feel safe enough to put that stuff in their ads. Progressivism is profitable right now. But they don’t really care. The people running these multi-billion dollar institutions have decided that they make more money by looking like they care about this stuff. That’s really all there is to this: Companies pursuing trends. So, about those boycotts. Boycotts are a valid and important method of protest against injustice and can actually do some good. However, you probably aren’t doing it right. In order to actually succeed, boycotts need to be organized and have a specific goal in mind. Your individual refusal to buy from a company doesn’t do too much, at least when we’re talking about giants like Coke, Pepsi, Apple or Starbucks. By all means, keep on refusing to buy from companies you find unethical or you don’t want to support. That’s all good. But unless you’re part of an organized campaign with a specific goal, the market doesn’t see your protest because the market doesn’t really see politics, at lease not until it directly affects them. It sees profit. Companies are only fair-weather friends to any social movement. This is a universal constant. Sure, there’s Ben and Jerry’s, Hobby Lobby and other companies that are all about their ethics, but they’re filling a niche. And notice those companies aren’t as big as, say, Wal-Mart. The cold hard truth is that companies love money because that’s why they exist. They only support a social issue as long as it makes them money. Yes, even Ben and Jerry’s and Chick-fil-A. Perhaps no better example lies in North Carolina. There was such an outcry about the boycott efforts over HB2, or the transgender bathroom bill, as you may have heard it referenced. Yet many of the lawmakers who voted in favor of that bill, and others like it in other states, were backed by companies who suddenly had a conscience. This just goes to show that even when companies appear to be on the progressive side of things, they only do so when it is convenient  for them or when it’s profitable. They don’t care about the issues, and they don’t care if you stop buying soda for a week. Share this: Tweet Related Tweet Leave a Comment If you want a picture to show with your comment, go get a gravatar. Name (required) Email Address (required) Speak your mind Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email.   Advertisement Navigate Right Navigate Left OPINIONS Cochlear implants are not needed in order to achieve success in life OPINIONS Gas-powered cars will rule for a while Letters to the Editor Destruction should not be an option OPINIONS It’s fine to not know all the answers right now OPINIONS Museum issue about lack of clarity OPINIONS Government shouldn’t let ISPs sell our information Letters to the Editor Some men just don’t meet our expectations OPINIONS We need to make art, not war OPINIONS Don’t rush relationships OPINIONS Women need to decide what they want from men The Hawkeye YouTube Instagram Twitter Facebook The Student News Site of University of Louisiana Monroe Search © 2017 • Privacy Policy • FLEX WordPress Theme by SNO • Log in Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like. Close Close Modal Window Email This Story Send email to this address Enter Your Name Add a comment here Verification Send Email Cancel Search Submit Search Activate Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like. Close Close Modal Window Email This Story Send email to this address Enter Your Name Add a comment here Verification Send Email Cancel Scroll to Top Corporations don’t really care, why should you? Search Home NEWS Sports FREESTYLE OPINIONS All Things Entertainment HawkE News Contact Us Staff
Home White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Calendar About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here Channels Featured Products White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Channels Customer Experience Digital Experience DAM Digital Workplace SharePoint & Office 365 Web CMS Mobile Document Mgt Customer Obsession Defines Amazon and Digital By Gerry McGovern | Apr 24, 2017 CHANNEL: Customer Experience If only pleasing the customer was what moved people ahead with their careers PHOTO: simone.brunozzi To stay relevant in the digital landscape, organizations must develop an obsessive customer focus. In the US, more stores are likely to close in 2017 than during the height of the great recession in 2008. Those retailers who have committed to digital are not finding it easy either. In 2016, Amazon accounted for 53 percent of all sales ecommerce growth, according to eMarketer. Those are astonishing figures. How is Amazon so much better than everybody else? Because it has a “true customer obsession,” according to Jeff Bezos. Many organizations have a fake customer obsession. They talk the talk but don’t walk the walk. Amazon truly believes in putting the customer first. “Good inventors and designers deeply understand their customer,” Bezos. “They spend tremendous energy developing that intuition. They study and understand many anecdotes rather than only the averages you’ll find on surveys. They live with the design.” The key to success is getting to know your customers better than they know themselves. “There are many advantages to a customer-centric approach,” Bezos explains, “but here’s the big one: customers are always beautifully, wonderfully dissatisfied, even when they report being happy and business is great. Even when they don’t yet know it, customers want something better, and your desire to delight customers will drive you to invent on their behalf.” An obsession with the customer experience is nothing new for the great brands. It’s how Walmart, Starbucks and McDonald’s grew. Bezos believes that the decay and ultimate demise of an organization begins when it starts to lose touch with its customers. To grow, an organization must constantly renew its obsession with its customers. Instead, many organizations become obsessed with their processes, procedures, internal structure and culture. They lose touch with their customers. Instead of saying: “How do I please my customer,” it becomes: “How do I please my manager.” Thus organizations lose the feel for their customers, and can no longer properly interpret whatever customer research or data they receive. A primary objective of digital teams should be to keep the organization in touch with their customers. To show the rest of the organization what it’s really like to be a customer. Digital must also create an environment of continuous improvement founded on the principle that the customer is forever dissatisfied. They will always respond well to better value offers, to more convenience, to greater speed and simplicity. The danger is that in many organizations, digital is doing the exact opposite. It is seen as a way to remove contact with the customer, to get them to self-serve — not necessarily because it’s better for the customer, but because it’s cheaper for the organization. These are the organizations that are in the greatest danger. They use digital to reduce costs, and as a result they reduce touch and contact with (as well as understanding of and empathy for) their customers. In such environments, latent customer dissatisfaction blossoms and competitors will pounce. A customer obsession begins with constantly thinking about the customer, rather than constantly thinking about the design, the content, the code, the process or your boss. Unfortunately, obsessing about your boss is how you progress in most organizations. About the Author Gerry McGovern is the founder and CEO of Customer Carewords. He is widely regarded as the worldwide authority on increasing web satisfaction by managing customer tasks. 0 Comments Top Articles Related Articles Recent Comments 10 Digital Workplace Trends Shaping the Future of Work Marketo Acquires Sales Engagement Provider ToutApp Facebook Debuts New Workplace Integrations with Salesforce, Microsoft, Box Why User Testing Isn't a Nice-to-Have, It's a Must-Have Are You Ready for Voice-Controlled Ecommerce? Customer Obsession Defines Amazon and Digital When It Comes to Customer Feedback, Less Is More High Traffic Does Not Equal Good Customer Experience What the Pepsi Ad Tells Us About Millennials Welcome Amazon Connect, the AWS Call Center Platform Useful Article? Email this Article Stumble This Follow @CMSWire Tags amazon, customer experience, cxm, digital experience, dxm, gerry mcgovern   Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Resources Digital Workplace Experience Conference Digital Customer Experience Summit Content Marketing Document Management Software Selecting a Web CMS SharePoint Migration Tools List Sitecore Consultant View All Events Add Your Event Events RSS Featured Events Apr 25 [Bloomreach Webinar] Winning the Digital Experience Game Apr 27 [CMSWire Webinar] Information Governance in the Age of Digital Transformation Apr 27 CMSWire Tweet Jam: Optimizing the Employee Experience #SocBizChat May 3 [DW Webinar Series 1] The Path to an Artificial Intelligence Driven Workplace May 4 [CMSWire Webinar] Beyond Transactions: Commerce in Context May 4 BloomReach Connect New York City 2017 May 10 [Earley Executive Roundtable] Session 3: Robo-Banking & Robo-Advisors About Us CMSWire is a popular web magazine published by Simpler Media Group. We provide news, advice and analysis for professionals driving digital customer experience strategy, evolving the digital workplace and creating intelligent information management practices. The CMSWire team produces 500+ authoritative articles per quarter for a community of over 750,000 market influencers. Read more about us or learn how to advertise here. We also have a Reader Advisory Board. More: Monthly Editorial Calendar Article Submission Guidelines DX Summit Conference Advertiser Media Kit Stay In the Loop Get Our Newsletter Most Popular Articles 10 Digital Workplace Trends Shaping the Future of Work view comments Marketo Acquires Sales Engagement Provider ToutApp view comments Facebook Debuts New Workplace Integrations with Salesforce, Microsoft, Box view comments Why User Testing Isn't a Nice-to-Have, It's a Must-Have view comments Are You Ready for Voice-Controlled Ecommerce? view comments Recent Comments © 2017 Simpler Media Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use. Powered by Sitecore and Coveo. SMGP v2.1.6318.124. NL-01a Get the CMSWire Newsletter Receive concise summaries of what's happening in your industry Get access to exclusive reports, white papers and webinars We take your privacy seriously NL-03a Get the CMSWire Newsletter You'll receive: Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Early Event Invites Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously Get the CMSWire Newsletter Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously You'll receive Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Webinar Invites NL-03a Join 55,000 of your peers Get the CMSWire newsletter. Access exclusive news, best practices and events.
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Retailers increase spending on lobbying efforts April 24, 2017 Retailers concerned over the pending border-adjusted tax have boosted their lobbying efforts in Washington.   Target Corp., Gap Inc., and Best Buy Co. Inc. spent nearly $3.2 million combined on lobbying during the quarter – as opposed to just $830,000 in the same period a year ago – according to federal lobbying disclosures filed Thursday, Bloomberg reported, while Wal-Mart spent almost $2.2 million in the first quarter, an increase of $140,000 over the same time last year.    Both the National Retail Federation and the Retail Industry Leaders Association have strongly denounced the proposed tax.   “No other issue galvanized the industry like this one,” Brian Dodge, RILA’s senior executive VP of public affairs, said earlier this month, the report said. “Until the sponsors declare it dead, we will continue to fight against it.”   Click here to read more.    Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Study: U.S. companies still waiting on an innovation ROI Fashion retailer closing all stores PetSmart acquires fast-growing online rival Walmart turns up the heat on Amazon with new discounting program Report: Children’s apparel retailer preparing bankruptcy filing President-elect hurting traffic at some major retail flagships Dollar Tree comes out on top Restaurant giant in $1.8 billion acquisition German grocery giant to make a big U.S. debut ahead of schedule Study: Retailers leave money on table due to lack of personalized service Solutions Spotlight Taking Stock of Retail’s Analytics Capabilities When it comes to using data and analytics to drive business results, where does the retail industry stand relative to other industries? And more importantly, where does your company stand against a retail industry index?  Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you expect the Republican party’s proposed tax reforms will help or hurt the retailing industry? Help Hurt Very little impact Not sure Hot Concepts The Reimagining of Cumberland Farms Cumberland Farms, a convenience store fixture in New England and central... First Look: Target’s next-generation store concept Target Corp. has unveiled its next-generation store format, which will make... Amazon debuts grocery pick-up concept More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Study: More than half of U.S. shoppers haven’t tried BOPIS More omnichannel retailers offer buy-online-pickup-in-store (BOPIS) services... Report: Retailers are running in place when it comes to IoT Retailers remain stuck when it comes to Internet of Things (IoT) initiatives... Survey: Store retailers leaving money on table Disappointing shopping experiences are costing brick-and-mortar retailers... Trending Stores Camper, Westfield, World Trade Center, New York City Camper, the contemporary footwear brand based in Spain, stays true to its tradition of creating unique store experiences for shoppers at each of its locations and at its new outpost in Manhattan.  More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Own Brands Now Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media Health Events Live   © 2017 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Merz Aesthetics Announces Launch of Mederma® Quick Dry Oil and Mederma® Spezial RALEIGH, N.C.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merz Aesthetics, a division of Merz North America announces the U.S. launch of Mederma® Quick Dry Oil, a unique, fast-absorbing multipurpose oil formulated without artificial dyes, colors, perfumes, parabens or mineral oils that works to help diminish the appearance of scars, stretch marks, uneven skin tone and dry skin, and Mederma® Spezial, a unique collection of cream mousses and dietary supplements formulated to promote healthy skin, hair and nails. Mederma®Quick Dry Oil: A Synergistic Blend of Oils and Botanicals Free of parabens, mineral oil, fragrances and dyes, Mederma® Quick Dry Oil contains a complex blend of oils, botanicals and patented Cepalin®. This specialized oil includes the following distinctive ingredients and benefits: Proprietary botanical extract Cepalin® that helps to improve the overall appearance, texture, and color of scars and stretch marks. Other key botanicals include sweet almond, rose hip, sunflower and coconut oils. These lightweight oils allow for fast absorption yet are rich in Vitamins A, E and Omega 3. Sunflower oil helps to maintain skin’s natural moisture level. Rose hip oil, rich in Vitamin C, is a natural skin brightener that helps to improve skin tone. Sweet almond oil helps to nourish and moisturize. Coconut oil helps to seal in moisture while creating luxuriously soft, hydrated skin. The synergistic blend of chamomile and ginger extract helps to reduce redness and blotchiness. “The Mederma® brand is advancing with a focus on delivering effective, multi-purpose products to the marketplace,” commented Jim Hartman, Vice President and U.S. Head of Merz Aesthetics Marketing and OTC. “Mederma® Quick Dry Oil is specifically formulated to not only nourish and hydrate, but also improve skin imperfections to reveal healthy skin.” Mederma®Spezial: Healthy Skin, Hair and Nails The Mederma® Spezial line supplies skin, hair and nails with nutrients to stay healthy and strong. The product line includes three targeted dietary capsules, Mederma® Spezial Skin Capsules, Mederma® Spezial Healthy Nails, Mederma® Spezial Hair Capsules as well as two topical cream mousses, Mederma® Spezial Cream Mousse Hyaluron and Mederma® Spezial Cream Mousse Collagen. This unique product range has been available and sold in Europe since 1964. “As an aesthetics company, we understand that beauty starts from the inside out. With Mederma® Spezial, consumers now have the opportunity to impact the health not only of their skin, but of their hair and nails,” stated Jim Hartman, Vice President and U.S. Head of Merz Aesthetics Marketing and OTC. Mederma® Quick Dry Oil is currently available for purchase online at Amazon.com and at Walmart, Walgreens and Rite Aid stores. It will be available in CVS stores in Spring 2017. The suggested retail pricing is $13.49 (100mL), $19.99 (150mL) and $27.99 (200mL). Mederma® Spezial is currently available for purchase online at Amazon.com. The suggested retail pricing ranges from $12.95 to $20.99. To learn more, visit www.mederma.com and follow us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/Mederma. About Merz Aesthetics Merz Aesthetics is a division of Merz North America and offers a wide-ranging portfolio of treatment options including Device (Ultherapy®, Cellfina™ System, DESCRIBE® PFD Patch), Injectables (Xeomin®, Radiesse® Volumizing Filler, Belotero Balance®, Asclera®) and Skincare (NEOCUTIS®, Mederma®) that enable physicians to meet the needs of a broad range of patients and their skin concerns. To learn more about Merz Aesthetics, please visit www.merzusa.com/aesthetics-otc. About Merz North America Merz North America is a specialty healthcare company dedicated to the development and marketing of innovative quality products for physicians and patients across the United States and Canada. Merz products are distributed through two divisions, Aesthetics and Neurosciences, and are developed with the goal of improving patients’ health and quality of life by delivering therapies that bring about real progress. Merz North America is a privately-held company based in Raleigh, North Carolina. To learn more about Merz North America, please visit www.merzusa.com. MEDERMA® is a registered trademark of Merz North America, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Oakwood Management Selected as Managing Agent for Franklinton’s River and Rich Development Next PostNext United States Outdoor Furniture Market 2017-2021: Rise in Demand for Superior Quality Products from Affordable-Premium Categories – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts Global Tattoo Removal Market to Grow at a CAGR Of 15.85% During The Period 2017-2021 Help-My-Reviews.com – Introduces New Methodologies for Getting Reviews at SMX West 2017 Digital Tattoo Removal Clinic Directory Launches Website Tattooremovalnearme.com 岸迈生物宣布获得2500万美元A轮融资助力新型双特异性抗体药物开发 EpimAb Biotherapeutics Raises $25M in Series A Financing From International Consortium to Advance Pipeline of Novel Bispecific Antibodies Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Weather 49° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Your Pics Video Blazers Prep Sports Contests More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Your Pics Video Blazers Prep Sports Contests Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Breaking News Warriors sweep Trail Blazers with 128-103 win Close Frito-Lay recalls Jalapeno flavored chips for Salmonella concerns Frito-Lay is recalling varieties of chips for Salmonella concerns. Kristen Reed, WXIA 6:44 AM. PDT April 24, 2017 Lay's recall CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST Frito-Lay is recalling varieties of chips for Salmonella concerns. The Salmonella risk is in the seasoning used on the Jalapeno Flavored Lay's Kettle Cooked potato chips and Jalapeno Flavored Miss Vickie's Kettle Cooked potato chips. The recall is voluntary and stems from a seasoning supplier who recalled their jalapeno powder. The Federal Food and Drug Administration said no Salmonella was found in the seasoning supplied to Frito-Lay.  The specific recalled product information is listed below: All sizes of the following two products that have a “guaranteed fresh” date of JUL 4 or prior printed on the front upper panel of the package: Jalapeño Flavored Lay’s Kettle Cooked potato chips Jalapeño Flavored Miss Vickie’s Kettle Cooked potato chips All of the following multi-pack offerings that have a “use by” date of JUN 20 or prior printed on the multi-pack package. In addition, a “guaranteed fresh” date of JUL 4 or prior is printed on the front upper panel of the individual recalled product packages inside each multi-pack offering.    12 count Lay’s Kettle Cooked Multipack Sack 20 count Frito-Lay Bold Mix Sack 30 count Miss Vickie’s Multipack Tray 30 count Lay’s Kettle Cooked Multipack Tray 32 count Miss Vickie’s Multipack Box No other flavors of Lay’s Kettle Cooked potato chips or Miss Vickie’s potato chips are impacted or being recalled, according to the FDA. Photos | Lay's recalled products The chips included in the recall were distributed in retail stores, through vending machines and other channels. Consumers who have purchased these recalled products are advised not to consume them. Frito-Lay is working with the FDA on this recall to ensure the recalled products are removed from store shelves and are no longer distributed. Consumers can contact Frito-Lay Consumer Relations at 866-272-9393 for additional information from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. EST. Representative product images can be found at fritolay.com. For product reimbursement, consumers can visit www.jalapenochiprecall.com. © 2017 WXIA-TV KGW Campbell's Soup Recalls Chicken Soup Products KGW Dead bat found in salad sold at Walmart leads to recall KGW Hyundai, Kia recall 1.4M vehicles; engines can fail KGW Asthma inhalers recalled due to defect KGW Hunt's chili kits recalled over possible salmonella contamination KGW EpiPen recall expands to US after reports of device failure KGW 1M pounds of chicken nuggets, fingers recalled over 'metal objects' KGW Nissan recalls more than 56,000 cars, cites power steering KGW Oregon issues first recreational marijuana recall KGW RECALL ALERT: Xbox One controller chargers CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Boat hits whale near Whidbey Island Car of missing Camas teen found, body inside Ilani casino grand opening draws thousands American Airlines suspends flight attendant George Fox University student is missing Child molester assaults girl in her bedroom George Fox University student missing Raw video: Boat hits whale in Puget Sound Northeast Portland church hit with hateful graffiti Recycling is in trouble and you may be part of the problem More Stories Apple makes big environmental investment in Oregon Apr 24, 2017, 6:47 p.m. Warriors sweep Trail Blazers with 128-103 win Apr 24, 2017, 10:26 p.m. Man arrested after attack at Iraqi restaurant caught… Apr 24, 2017, 10:35 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather 7 Day Forecast Closings Weather Alerts Radars Live Cameras hyperlocal-radars More... Weather Blog Ski Reports Earthquakes Oregon River Levels Health Detail Location Search Local It's Portland KGW Investigates Business Crime Consumer Politics More... News Links Technology Live at 7 More Roseburg School Shootings Blogs Community Calendar Breaking Newsletters National Politics Vancouver News Clackamas County Willamette Valley Marion County North Coast News Eastern Oregon News Washington County Central Coast News Southern Oregon News Gresham News Central Oregon Western Washington Black Friday Community News Education Headlines On Demand Papal Visit Special Reports Oregon News Robotics /shred Homeless Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Ways to Save History Makers Pearl Harbor Year in Review If My Parents Only Knew Verify Nation Now /nation-now-old Traffic Alerts Cameras Gas Prices @KGWTraffic Maps TripCheck More... PDX Flight Updates Sports Olympics Blazers Timbers Mariners Ducks Beavers More... High School Sports Super Bowl More Vikings Winterhawks Seahawks Thorns NCAA Basketball Tournament Sports Sunday World Cup Features Entertainment Health Straight Talk Grants Getaways Drew Carney Portland Today More... Travel Cassidy Quinn Contests Magnify Money Gold Buyers More KGW Archive ACM Awards Actively Northwest Animals Crossword Cup of Joe Going Green Holidays Greater Portland Today Live @ 7 Mad About Movies Making a Difference Oscars Grammys Pets of the Day Rachel's Challenge redirect-contests Shot of the Day Redirect - Stepping Up Trending Today /getahead Sunrise Santa Tracker TD Jakes Station Break Growth Thankful Norad Santa Tracker Heart Month Redirect About Meet The Team Jobs Contact TV Listings Advertise with Us Closed Captioning More... Viewer Technical FAQs jobs redirect Quick Links Newslinks Community Calendar NBC Shows Contests Justice Network Connect With Us RSS E-mail Newsletters FAQ Terms Privacy FCC Public Inspection File Ad Choices Community Rules Conversation Guidelines Roku Cobrand Header Whats On NBC Cobrand Footer Survey © 2017 KGW-TV Services Advertise With Us KGW Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners NBC Cars.com Portland Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest Spotify RSS JamBands.com Fans.com Previous Next April_May Relix Magazine Sampler: Dead & Company | "China Cat Sunflower" 00:00 02:30 Volume Control Open/Close News Articles Reviews Media Festivals Blogs Jamoff Show Listings Chicago St. Louis Indianapolis San Francisco Austin Nashville Los Angeles New York Marketplace Subscribe ARTICLE The Core: Derek Trucks by Mike Greenhaus on April 24, 2017 Derek Trucks gives the state of the union on Tedeschi Trucks Band and comments on the tragic passing of his uncle and former bandmate Butch Trucks.  Bigger, Stronger, Beefier There was a pretty major shift when our bass player, Tim Lefebvre, came on board about two years ago—the band just became bigger, stronger, beefier. We were in a really good place. There was this great chemistry and the whole thing got more creative. Everybody just locked in. Since then, there’s been this steady build and a lot of creative growth. It was the same thing when trumpeter Ephraim Owens, trombonist Elizabeth Lea and singer Alecia Chakour joined. We did a live album early on when the band was gaining its stride for the first time, but we felt that we were now head and shoulders above where we were back then. So we were ready for another live record and, sometime around when we did the Mad Dogs & Englishmen show, we realized that we were ready to make our film as well. [TTB hosted a tribute to Joe Cocker’s classic Mad Dogs & Englishmen tour, featuring a number of its alums, at Lockn’ in 2015.] There was a film crew there capturing Leon Russell, Claudia Lennear, Rita Coolidge and everyone. And the directors were so unobtrusive—they just allowed everything to happen, and it felt super comfortable and natural. [The Lockn’ performance was captured by Bob Dylan in the 80s producer Jesse Lauter, who directed Live from the Fox Oakland with Father John Misty collaborator Grant James.] They put together a sizzle reel for a movie of that show based on Leon and the original band and, when we saw that, we realized we probably wanted to reach out to those guys for our film. These Day and Those Days  We recorded the West Coast tour this fall, and those guys jumped on board for five or six days. They traveled with the band and we filmed the last two nights in Oakland, Calif. Originally, we thought that the live record and the film would be different entities from different shows, but there was something about that second night in Oakland—the first night was good, but it didn’t have the thing. Sometimes you have those days when you just feel it from the beginning: You’re in a good spot, everybody is flowing and you’re not overthinking things. The first night didn’t really have that, but the second night did, right out of the gate. We started listening to all the live recordings from that tour, and I kept coming back to that second night. There was just something about the continuity of it. And the fact that it was also the night that we had filmed made the whole thing that much better, so the film and the live record ended up rolling into one thing. When I finally watched the finished film, it really felt like being on the road with the band—a very honest depiction of who this group is. I thought everyone’s personalities shined through. Relearning Every Night Writing the setlist for TTB is a balancing act. We have an audience where some people will travel from show to show on, say, a West Coast tour—we will see familiar faces—but it is not an audience that fully travels, so we keep track of what we’ve played. If we play Oakland, then I’ll go back to the setlist from the last three or four years and see what we played there. For the most part, there’s a running list of 30-50 tunes that the band’s currently really digging into on tour, and we’ll sprinkle in a song every few nights that we haven’t played yet. If there’s a tune that you’ve never played in a city, then you’ll try to bust it out. Other times, someone will have a notion on the bus, and we’ll work up a new tune on the spot, especially during a multinight run. At the end of the day, it comes down to this: you should play a song if it still inspires you and if you can still reinvent it and nudge it in different directions each night. I’m not of the school that you have to just change a setlist to change it. When I think about my favorite live records—whether it’s the Allman Brothers’ At Fillmore East or Donnie Hathaway’s Live—these were people that were playing similar material from night to night. And there’s a reason that their shit got so good. They were relearning it every night. A lot of things came into play for the film: There were certain tunes we wanted to avoid playing the few nights leading up to Oakland so we would hit them fresh, and there were other tunes we’d purposely play to work out the kinks. In some ways, we knew we had the live record in the bag. And if we could beat it, great. If not, then we weren’t overthinking it. But for the film, there were definitely tunes that we were saving and hoping to capture on that second show. When I wrote the setlist for the Oakland shows, I was intentionally thinking about the second show as the one that would be the bulk of the movie. We wanted to focus on tunes of our new album, Let Me Get By, and the things the band had been sinking its teeth into the month or two prior to the show. Leonard Cohen’s “Bird on the Wire”—Susan and our mini-choir were in such a good place with that tune. It was magical. Sneaky with Cameras  A lot of concert films were in the mix when we thought about Live from the Fox Oakland. We were certainly thinking about Mad Dogs but, more than anything, it was just the warmth and the feel of the way that film was recorded. [The 1971 Mad Dogs & Englishmen documentary helped inspire Tedeschi Trucks Band’s formation.] A lot of the concert footage I’ve seen from the past five to 10 years is too high-definition or too lit up. It just doesn’t feel like an actual show—it feels like a Walmart. You can just tell the musicians aren’t comfortable. I wanted this film to feel like any other night onstage, and the offstage footage to feel comfortable, like you’re on the road. And part of that was that the film crew just lived with us for a bit. You get to the point where you’re not really thinking about it a whole lot, and they’re sneaky with the cameras—you don’t feel like you’re in a reality show. It was more about the conversations, not what we wanted it to look like. Carrying the Torch  We are still working on the Mad Dogs film from Lockn’. We’re trying to spread the word and get things financed. That can be a beast, but I would love to get this thing out there. It’s some of the last really strong footage of Leon. From our end, we just think it’s important to get it out there, and we are down to volunteer our involvement. Something certainly happened to the band while we were rehearsing for that show. It gave us a bit of confidence in a way— it’s OK to carry this powerful tradition and powerful music on. It’s appreciated and it’s necessary and it needs to be played with the right care and love. And that’s what this band was tailor-made for. You don’t have to shy away from it. There was a spirit and energy that came out of doing that show that is very real and that was pivotal for the group. We first really connected with Leon when he opened for us at the Beacon a few years ago. We asked him to do “Space Captain” with us, and his guys were like, “He’s not really into sitting in for the most part.” But when he saw us soundchecking, a light bulb went of and he was into it. From that moment on, he was a great champion of our group. There are songs we throw in now, every few shows, as a remembrance of Leon, Leonard Cohen and B.B. King— these amazing people we were lucky enough to have a real, personal, musical connection with. When those torches are passed to you or left there, you’ve got to pick them up and carry them. From one torch, you can light a lot of others. We feel like it’s part of our job to keep that music fresh in people’s minds. "Statesboro Blues"  [Butch Trucks’ suicide] was a shocking, dark situation. You’re just fucking sideswiped—no one saw any of that stuff coming, so it was, and still is, a lot to unpack. My dad, Butch’s brother, was on the road with me when it happened. He was just shocked and pissed off. You have all these emotions and you just don’t know how to process them. The day after he died, we were at soundcheck in St. Louis and I’m thinking, “How do you process this? You’re gonna run into a thousand people that are gonna want to talk about it or acknowledge it.” I just stood there onstage, having stood underneath Butch and Jaimoe’s two kits for so many years, and looked back at the two drums we have in our band. That’s the first time it really hit me. Earlier that day, I was thinking of tunes to play for Butch, and I kept coming back to the first tune I ever played with Butch when I was 9 or 10 years old. Gregg Allman, Butch, Warren Haynes and Allen Woody all came out to Tropics International, this little club I was playing in South Florida, and they got up and we did “Statesboro Blues.” Then, when I was 14 or 15, I went out and toured with Gregg in his solo band. Some of that stuff feels like a lifetime ago. It’s hard to imagine it happening ‘cause they were all so crazy in that period. [Laughs.] Not everyone was all adult and clean. So I thought we should open the show with “Statesboro Blues”—the first tune I ever played with him. That’s just the quintessential Butch shuffle. It’s also the first tune on At Fillmore East—the first tune that a lot of people heard of the Allman Brothers— and it seemed right. It was tough to play that first night without thinking about it too much, and after we played “Statesboro” during soundcheck, I looked up and saw that my dad had split. My first thought was, “Shit, does he think that’s in poor taste?” I didn’t know if I had offended him but, when he heard that music and he heard that sound, that’s the first time that it just came crashing home. It was an emotional gig and, really, it still felt fresh every gig after that, leading up to the Savannah, Ga., show a few days later. It felt appropriate on that run to just acknowledge it every night, and, in Savannah, we started the show the same way. We also did “Liz Reed,” thinking about the other aspect of his playing— the extended part of it. It was cathartic, in a way, but it also was just a nod to what people remember him by. New Tedeschi Trucks Tracks  Our next album is still in the writing phase. We went in a few months ago on a break and spent two or three days just writing and getting ideas down, so there’s definitely some stuf there. We’re ready to get back in. We’re planning in the next month or so to spend another three or four days writing tunes. That’ll probably lead very quickly into recording. So we’re on the edge of the active phase of making a record. We just have to find the time between tours. Tweet Be the first to comment RELATED Featured Videos All Sweet Crude “Laissez Les Lazy” Arkells: The Relix Session Akron/Family “River” Live at 285 Kent Skinny Lister “Injuries” Soule Monde: The Relix Session 1 1 1 1 1 Previous Next Recent Headlines Recent Most Popular Most Commented Blogs Lady Gaga on Anastasio & Weir Covering Her Song: “Such a dream come true” Blogs Chris Robinson Brotherhood at Freaks for the Festival (A Gallery) News Gregg Allman Reportedly Enters Hospice Blogs Roger Waters, Thurston Moore and Many Others are Urging Radiohead to Not Play Israel Show Reviews Anders Osborne at Teragram Ballroom Blogs #AddASportsTeamRuinABand is a Very Good Twitter Hashtag Articles The Core: Derek Trucks Reviews Cold War Kids: L.A. Divine Reviews Ray Davies: Americana Blogs Watch Oteil Burbridge and Stuart Bogie Help Joe Russo’s Almost Dead Have an Absolute Blast at Brooklyn Bowl News Gregg Allman Reportedly Enters Hospice Blogs Bob Weir, Mickey Hart Respond to John Mayer’s Ad: “You’re one of us now” Blogs John Mayer Takes Out Sweet Ad to Thank the Grateful Dead News Donna Betts, Wife of Dickey, Arrested for Threatening to Shoot High… Blogs The Dead Fan Inside Me: Super Chef Alton Brown Blogs Dave Grohl’s Mom Writes About That Time She Hitched a Ride with… Articles Dead & Company: The Music Never Stopped Articles Securing Frank Zappa’s Vault Blogs Yes, Steve Bannon was a “Passionate” Grateful Dead Fan Before Being… Blogs Let’s Remember That Time Chuck Berry Almost Broke Keith Richards’ Jaw Articles Hot Buttered Rum’s Aaron Redner: 10 Reasons Why Trey Anastasio is the Perfect Choice for “Fare Thee Well” News New On Sale Date for Grateful Dead “Fare Thee Well” Event After Mail Order Inundated with Over 60,000 Envelopes News Phil Lesh’s New Band: Communion News Bob Weir Talks Carrying Jerry Garcia’s Dope on Tour, Dealing with Painkillers and More in Revealing Interview Articles What If You Had $25 to Start a Band? Reviews Pink Floyd: The Endless River Articles What’s Become of the Bettys? The Fate of the Long-Lost Grateful Dead Soundboards Articles Grateful Medicine Blogs Watch: Bob Weir and John Mayer Team Up for “Althea” and “Truckin” Blogs David Crosby Says Phish “Are Just OK” Copyright © Relix Media Group LLC. All Rights Reserved. Oniracom About Us E-Mag Contact Us Back Issues Advertise Careers Twitter Facebook RSS x Home News Articles Reviews Media Festivals Blogs Jamoff Marketplace Subscribe
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Love Your Life? You Could Win a Year’s Worth of Free Groceries BALTIMORE, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — True Citrus, the manufacturer of True Lemon® and True Lime® crystallized citrus replacements and low-calorie lemonades and limeades, announced today the launch of the True Love My Life Sweepstakes, which runs from April 24 to May 24, 2017. Inspired by the unique lives of its customers, True Citrus designed the True Love My Life Sweepstakes to celebrate what gives people true happiness and joy while also providing tools to live the healthiest life possible, including a year’s worth of groceries, a membership to a health club, an online session with a nationally renowned nutritionist and a year’s supply of True Citrus products. An important component of staying healthy is to hydrate, and the healthiest way to do that is to drink water. But lots of people don’t like the taste of plain water, or they get bored with it. And many of the options available to flavor water are filled with artificial sweeteners and ingredients. The exceptions: True Lemon® and True Lime®, which provide flavorful options that deliver real flavor from real fruit. True Lemon® and True Lime® unsweetened citrus replacements in convenient sachets and lemonade/limeades (in on-the-go stick packets) are made with only simple and clean ingredients. Deliver fresh-squeezed taste. Have no artificial sweeteners, preservatives, flavors, sodium or gluten. Have 0 calories (unsweetened sachets) to 10 calories (the Stevia-sweetened lemonades and limeades). (PRNewsfoto/True Citrus)… (PRNewsfoto/True Citrus)… „We are very excited about the True Love My Life Sweepstakes. Who wouldn’t want to win a year’s worth of groceries? We’re also very excited about partnering with McKel Hill, MS, RD, a dietitian nutritionist, author of Nutrition Stripped, and a huge True Lemon and True Lime fan. The super lucky winner will win a Skype session with McKel to discuss their health goals and challenges and get McKel’s incredible insight and tips,” said Heidi Carney, Executive Vice President of Marketing. The lucky grand prize winner of the True Love My Life Sweepstakes will receive prizes valued at more than $17,000, including: A year’s worth of groceries (approximately $15,000 value) Skype session with dietitian nutritionist and Nutrition Stripped author McKel Hill A year’s membership to a health club $250 gift certificate toward a workout wardrobe A year’s supply of True Citrus products Autographed copy of McKel Hill’s book, Nutrition Stripped Additionally, 10 first prizewinners will receive a year’s worth of True Citrus products and an autographed copy of Nutrition Stripped. Also, everyone who comes to the TrueLemon.com website can download a $1.00 off coupon. To enter the sweepstakes visit www.truelemon.com/truelovemylifesweepstakes. For additional entries, True Citrus encourages participants to post pictures, showing what it means to them to „True Love” their life on social media with the hashtag #TrueLoveMyLife #Sweepstakes. For more information about the True Love My Life Sweepstakes, including rules and regulations, product information and store locator, visit www.TrueLemon.com. ABOUT TRUE CITRUS True Citrus, a Baltimore-based company, is the manufacturer of the True Citrus family of products including True Lemon® and True Lime® crystallized citrus sachets and low-calorie lemonades and limeades. All True Citrus products are made from a patented process that captures an authentic, fresh-squeezed citrus taste and use only simple and clean ingredients (and never have artificial sweeteners, flavors, preservatives, sodium or gluten). True Citrus products, including low-cal lemonades and limeades, unsweetened citrus replacements and spice blends, are available at over 37,000 stores including Walmart, Kroger, Target, Safeway, Publix, HEB, Wegmans and Food Lion, among others, as well as Amazon and TrueLemonStore.com. For a list of stores, coupons and further information, visit www.truecitrus.com or www.truelemon.com. ABOUT MCKEL HILL McKel Hill, MS, RD is a Registered Dietitian Nutritionist and Founder of Nutrition Stripped, the source for a balanced wellbeing. NS is dedicated to optimizing wellbeing through recipes, nutrition advice, fitness, and the Society—the space to get simple meal plans, healthy recipes, and wellness guides and connect with others. Nutrition Stripped is far more than a blog, it’s a way of living and community spanning the globe with the mission to feel your best. She is a nutrition expert and contributor at Cameron Diaz’s blog, The Body Book, and her work has been featured in Glamour, Vogue, Bon Appétit, Women’s Health Magazine, Real Simple, Into the Gloss, Man Repeller, Food Network, SHAPE, Town & Country, Thrive, and many more. She lives in Nashville, TN with her pup Luna. ABOUT SWEEPSTAKES RULES Run date: April 24-May 24 Participants will be directed to www.truelemon.com/truelovemylifesweepstakes and asked to submit their name, DOB, phone number and email address to enter the sweepstakes. One entry per day. Participants can obtain extra entry for a better chance of winning by engaging with True Citrus’ social media profiles, through: Signing up for True Citrus promotional emails Sharing sweepstakes with their friends and family on their personal Facebook, Twitter or Instagram page Visiting and following True Citrus on Facebook, Twitter or Instagram Posting a photo or video on Facebook, Twitter or Instagram showing how they are loving life in a healthy way with the hashtag #TrueLoveMyLife #Sweepstakes Max number of bonus entries: 15 entries However, there is also an option for a once-daily bonus entry (worth just one entry) MEDIA CONTACT: Name: Heidi C. Carney Title: Executive Vice President, Marketing T: 443-772-2418 Heidi.carney@truecitrus.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/love-your-life-you-could-win-a-years-worth-of-free-groceries-300443909.html SOURCE True Citrus Related Links http://www.truecitrus.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global IPTV Market Rising at $93.59 Bn by 2021 Next PostNext Anaconda Biomed Engages Creganna Medical Search Recent Posts Oil injection Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2022 United States Portable Grills Market Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2016-2021 Analyze the recent report on United States Airborne Fire Control Radar– Review, 2017 United States Police and Law Enforcement Equipment Market Research and Analysis 2021 High-k and ALD/CVD Metal Precursor Market share worth $965mn by 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Love Your Life? You Could Win a Year’s Worth of Free Groceries True Citrus wants to provide the key ingredients to a healthy lifestyle BALTIMORE, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- True Citrus, the manufacturer of True Lemon® and True Lime® crystallized citrus replacements and low-calorie lemonades and limeades, announced today the launch of the True Love My Life Sweepstakes, which runs from April 24 to May 24, 2017. Inspired by the unique lives of its customers, True Citrus designed the True Love My Life Sweepstakes to celebrate what gives people true happiness and joy while also providing tools to live the healthiest life possible, including a year's worth of groceries, a membership to a health club, an online session with a nationally renowned nutritionist and a year's supply of True Citrus products. An important component of staying healthy is to hydrate, and the healthiest way to do that is to drink water. But lots of people don't like the taste of plain water, or they get bored with it. And many of the options available to flavor water are filled with artificial sweeteners and ingredients. The exceptions: True Lemon® and True Lime®, which provide flavorful options that deliver real flavor from real fruit. True Lemon® and True Lime® unsweetened citrus replacements in convenient sachets and lemonade/limeades (in on-the-go stick packets) are made with only simple and clean ingredients. Deliver fresh-squeezed taste. Have no artificial sweeteners, preservatives, flavors, sodium or gluten. Have 0 calories (unsweetened sachets) to 10 calories (the Stevia-sweetened lemonades and limeades). "We are very excited about the True Love My Life Sweepstakes. Who wouldn't want to win a year's worth of groceries? We're also very excited about partnering with McKel Hill, MS, RD, a dietitian nutritionist, author of Nutrition Stripped, and a huge True Lemon and True Lime fan. The super lucky winner will win a Skype session with McKel to discuss their health goals and challenges and get McKel's incredible insight and tips," said Heidi Carney, Executive Vice President of Marketing. The lucky grand prize winner of the True Love My Life Sweepstakes will receive prizes valued at more than $17,000, including: A year's worth of groceries (approximately $15,000 value) Skype session with dietitian nutritionist and Nutrition Stripped author McKel Hill A year's membership to a health club $250 gift certificate toward a workout wardrobe A year's supply of True Citrus products Autographed copy of McKel Hill's book, Nutrition Stripped Additionally, 10 first prizewinners will receive a year's worth of True Citrus products and an autographed copy of Nutrition Stripped. Also, everyone who comes to the TrueLemon.com website can download a $1.00 off coupon. To enter the sweepstakes visit www.truelemon.com/truelovemylifesweepstakes. For additional entries, True Citrus encourages participants to post pictures, showing what it means to them to "True Love" their life on social media with the hashtag #TrueLoveMyLife #Sweepstakes. For more information about the True Love My Life Sweepstakes, including rules and regulations, product information and store locator, visit www.TrueLemon.com. ABOUT TRUE CITRUS True Citrus, a Baltimore-based company, is the manufacturer of the True Citrus family of products including True Lemon® and True Lime® crystallized citrus sachets and low-calorie lemonades and limeades. All True Citrus products are made from a patented process that captures an authentic, fresh-squeezed citrus taste and use only simple and clean ingredients (and never have artificial sweeteners, flavors, preservatives, sodium or gluten). True Citrus products, including low-cal lemonades and limeades, unsweetened citrus replacements and spice blends, are available at over 37,000 stores including Walmart, Kroger, Target, Safeway, Publix, HEB, Wegmans and Food Lion, among others, as well as Amazon and TrueLemonStore.com. For a list of stores, coupons and further information, visit www.truecitrus.com or www.truelemon.com. ABOUT MCKEL HILL McKel Hill, MS, RD is a Registered Dietitian Nutritionist and Founder of Nutrition Stripped, the source for a balanced wellbeing. NS is dedicated to optimizing wellbeing through recipes, nutrition advice, fitness, and the Society—the space to get simple meal plans, healthy recipes, and wellness guides and connect with others. Nutrition Stripped is far more than a blog, it's a way of living and community spanning the globe with the mission to feel your best. She is a nutrition expert and contributor at Cameron Diaz's blog, The Body Book, and her work has been featured in Glamour, Vogue, Bon Appétit, Women's Health Magazine, Real Simple, Into the Gloss, Man Repeller, Food Network, SHAPE, Town & Country, Thrive, and many more. She lives in Nashville, TN with her pup Luna. ABOUT SWEEPSTAKES RULES Run date: April 24-May 24 Participants will be directed to www.truelemon.com/truelovemylifesweepstakes and asked to submit their name, DOB, phone number and email address to enter the sweepstakes. One entry per day. Participants can obtain extra entry for a better chance of winning by engaging with True Citrus' social media profiles, through: Signing up for True Citrus promotional emails Sharing sweepstakes with their friends and family on their personal Facebook, Twitter or Instagram page Visiting and following True Citrus on Facebook, Twitter or Instagram Posting a photo or video on Facebook, Twitter or Instagram showing how they are loving life in a healthy way with the hashtag #TrueLoveMyLife #Sweepstakes Max number of bonus entries: 15 entries However, there is also an option for a once-daily bonus entry (worth just one entry) MEDIA CONTACT: Name: Heidi C. Carney Title: Executive Vice President, Marketing T: 443-772-2418 Heidi.carney@truecitrus.com   SOURCE True Citrus CategoriesUncategorized TagsFood & beverages, Health Care/Hospitals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bacardi Awards Employees for Remarkable Sustainability Efforts Next PostNext Learn How SEFCU is Making an Impact Search Recent Posts Oil injection Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2022 United States Portable Grills Market Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2016-2021 Analyze the recent report on United States Airborne Fire Control Radar– Review, 2017 United States Police and Law Enforcement Equipment Market Research and Analysis 2021 High-k and ALD/CVD Metal Precursor Market share worth $965mn by 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Wal-Mart e-commerce investment arm names new retail startup CEO Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Mon Apr 24, 2017 | 8:41am EDT Wal-Mart e-commerce investment arm names new retail startup CEO A logo of Walmart is seen in one of the stores in Monterrey, Mexico November 28, 2016. REUTERS/Daniel Becerril/File Photo Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N), the world's no.1 retailer, said its recently launched startup investment arm, Store No 8, has hired Jenny Fleiss as the chief executive of its first portfolio company. Fleiss will run code eight, a startup that will develop personalized, one-to-one shopping experiences. Fleiss is the co-founder and former head of business development of Rent the Runway, a designer fashion rental company. (bit.ly/2pcJ3Xd) Silicon Valley-based Store No 8, launched in March to expand Wal-Mart's e-commerce business, plans to work with startups that specialize in areas such as robotics, virtual and augmented reality, machine learning and artificial intelligence. (Reporting by Richa Naidu in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News Not an inside job: How two analysts became SEC whistleblowers WASHINGTON Four years ago, two analysts who liked to swap notes on numbers they thought looked odd took a fateful step and tipped off U.S. regulators about a company that one of them had watched for months. For Wells Fargo directors, narrow wins may not be enough A shareholder vote scheduled for Tuesday could throw Wells Fargo & Co's leadership into question if many directors, criticized for their slow response to the bank's phony-account scandal, fail to win solid majorities. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Killer tells the woman who saw him rape and murder her mother 22 years ago 'I'm sorry' in sickening plea for forgiveness as Arkansas puts him to death in America's first double execution in 17 years 'The truth will come out... and when it does you will be shaken': Bill O'Reilly says he's 'sad that I'm not on television anymore' and 'surprised' in his first podcast after being fired by Fox News Trump will NOT ask for money to build the wall in crucial spending bill: President may avoid a government shutdown by delaying his bid to get funds for the border project  Elton John, 70, is left in intensive care for two days after being struck down by 'potentially deadly' bacterial infection during South American tour Waiter who was fired for calling his boss a 'nasty mother f*****' on Facebook should NOT have lost his job, rules judge Teenager who was DENIED a double lung transplant because he had marijuana in his system dies - after having surgery months late because he had to find another doctor Top US general in Afghanistan claims Russia is ARMING the Taliban as Defense Secretary Mattis arrives in Kabul Entire Senate invited to White House for classified briefing on North Korea from Mattis, Tillerson and top military and intelligence officials EXCLUSIVE: Jane the Virgin star hosts charity event encouraging women to 'stand up to bullies' amid claims a billionaire 'threatened to destroy her career after she turned down his $1.5million offer in exchange for sex' Beyonce and Jay Z put in $120m bid for new 30,000sqft Bel Air mansion with a 15-car garage, servants' quarters and BULLETPROOF windows Faye Dunaway admits she feels 'very guilty' as she speaks out for the first time about her Oscar best picture disaster with 'impossible' Warren Beatty Andrea Tantatros accuses Fox News of HACKING in new lawsuit that claims Roger Ailes and other executives were 'illegally surveilling her emails and phone conversations' Tucker Carlson pays tribute to Bill O'Reilly as he takes over his slot: New host says his predecessor 'set a high bar, and I'm going to do my best to meet it' as he is joined by Caitlyn Jenner United Airlines victim's lawyer is now representing woman who was hit with a stroller on American Airlines AS WELL How Chicago airport cop tried to claim United passenger 'fell' into the armrest and then 'let Dr Dao go because he claimed to have diabetes - only for him to run back onto the plane yelling 'you'll have to kill me' EXCLUSIVE: 'Hot felon' Jeremy Meeks is DEPORTED from the UK less than eight hours after he landed for a fashion shoot Bulletproof NSA spy blimp that could listen in on cell phone calls 'spied on New York,' shocking leaked documents claim Deadliest Catch star Jacob Harris is arrested for stealing a car while carrying prescription pills and crystal meth Chobani sues conspiracy theorist radio host Alex Jones after he claimed the company are 'importing migrant rapists'  Alex Jones says he slept with more than 150 women by the time he was 16: Conspiracy theorist makes bizarre claim on his show about his 'conquests' as he fights for custody of his children Tourism director, 61, who was fired after she accidentally live-streamed herself naked on her ENTIRE TOWN'S Instagram page in sext gone-wrong sues to get her job back Pro-Trump couple who shot a protester outside a Milo Yiannopoulos event are charged with assault after 'provoking confrontation' with their victim Hollywood's greatest wreck: How warring studios, a runaway budget and a volatile director led to a nightmare set that threatened to sink 'Titanic' before it became box office gold EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez's prison lover has been taken off suicide watch, as his lawyer says his client is 'saddened by the loss of his friend' and asks that the final letter Patriots player wrote to the 22-year-old be turned over as soon as possible Previous Next 'He's not a monster': Sister of Amber Alert teacher speaks out five days after he was busted with his former student, 15, after more than a month on the run Tad Cummins is set to be arraigned Monday in federal court in Sacramento, California on kidnapping charges The 50-year-old teacher went on the run for 39 days with his former student, 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas The pair were busted last Thursday in an unfinished cabin in northern California - more than 2,000 miles from their homes in Columbia, Tennessee  On Monday, Cummins' sister Daphne Quinn, spoke out about his arrest on the Today show  She said that she wants the world to know her brother is not a monster  Quinn spoke with her brother three times over the weekend and he reportedly told her that he doesn't believe he kidnapped Thomas  Cummins said Thomas 'wanted to run away and he didn't want her to go alone' By Ashley Collman For Dailymail.com Published: 07:54 EDT, 24 April 2017 | Updated: 09:06 EDT, 24 April 2017 e-mail 97 shares 401 View comments The sister of the 50-year-old Tennessee teacher who went missing with his former student, 15, for more than a month is speaking out to say he's 'not a monster'.  Daphne Quinn, sister of Tad Cummins, told the Today show that she got the chance to speak with her brother three times over the weekend, after he was caught on Thursday living in a remote cabin in northern California with his former student Elizabeth Thomas. 'He's done this horrible thing, that he has to pay for. But he's still my brother and I love him,' Quinn said.  Scroll down for video  Daphne Quinn, sister of Amber Alert teacher Tad Cummins, has spoken out to say that she doesn't believe her brother is a monster  Cummins (left), 50, and his former student Elizabeth Thomas, 15, spent five weeks on the run together.  Cummins was suspended from his job in February after another student witnessed the two kissing at school  Cummins is set to be arraigned on Monday in Sacramento, California on federal court on kidnapping charges.  In their conversations over the weekend, Quinn said it appeared that her brother didn't believe he did anything wrong.  'I asked him why - why would he do this? And the answer he gave me was that she wanted to run away and that she wanted to leave and he didn't want her to go alone and so he went with her so that he knew she would be safe,' Quinn said.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Arizona seventh grade teacher, 26, 'performed sex acts on... Police use murdered woman's FitBit movements to show her... Mother of South Carolina 'serial killer' Todd Kohlhepp is... American paramedic working with a security watchdog is... Share this article Share 97 shares Quinn also said that her brother appears to be in denial about the hurt that he caused his wife and children.  'He's repentant sounding and I think he would like to get his family back, but I think it just hasn't hit him yet that that's not going to happen,' she said. 'That he's going to have to learn a new normal and he's got a very long, tedious route ahead of him in a place that he's never been and he's just going to have to deal with it.'  The pair were tracked down to an unfinished cabin in the northern California woods last Thursday Above, a look inside the unfinished cabin where the pair were found hiding out in northern California last week  Two days after the two went missing, they were spotted shopping at a Walmart in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma (above)   The pair fled 2,500 miles over the course of their journey, cops said. Police said they didn't know if Thomas was willing to go with Cummins, but that it didn't matter, legally Thomas' family appeared on Good Morning America on Friday.  She has since been flown home to Columbia, Tennessee Pictured bottom left is Elizabeth's father Anthony Thomas has since been flown home to Tennessee where she is at a 'safe location' and undergoing treatment from mental health experts.   'There is no doubt that she suffered severe emotional trauma and that her process of recovery is only just beginning,' the Thomas family's lawyer said on Friday.   Police who arrested Cummins said Thomas showed a range of emotions after the two were caught, including crying and laughing.  They say her emotions indicated the two had been in a 'relationship'.   Read more: Sister of Tenn. Kidnap Suspect Tad Cummins: 'He's Still My Brother and I Love Him' - NBC News Share or comment on this article e-mail 97 shares Most watched News videos Schoolboy, 14, fends off angry adult using martial arts New video shows aftermath when bouncer punched woman Shocking video shows drug addict writhing around on street School of sharks in feeding frenzy close to shore in Fingal Bay Dramatic footage of fight between Somali pirates and cargo ship Experience what it's like to land a plane after the engine fails Emmanuel Macron and wife Brigitte Trogneux thank French voters Someone brew it: Man tries to tap a keg but gets beer EVERYWHERE Dramatic moment an ADF aircraft drops bombs on IS target in Syria Playful Prince Harry squirts water at William during London Marathon Police throw protesters to the ground head first in Paris demo Video shows the terrifying moment a 4-year-old falls from a van EXCLUSIVE: This is the 22-year-old 'heroin addicted'... Happy Days star Erin Moran 'likely died from stage 4... Aaron Hernandez's grief-stricken fiancée holds their... Final countdown for Carol Vorderman as she knocks... French far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen... Son accused of slaughtering his millionaire parents and... Devastated wife returns to the home where her ex-Royal... Moment a foul-mouthed father tries to fight a 14-year-old... Russia plans to build the 'world's largest aircraft... Police use murdered woman's FitBit movements to show her... Three ISIS fighters 'are killed by rampaging wild BOARS'... Frolicking together just weeks before horrific nightclub... Woman on 'exorcism' drug crawls along filthy Baltimore... Tom Hardy grabs moped thief after chasing him through... Curse of the jackpot strikes again! Couple who scooped... 'Joan Crawford committed suicide': Mommie Dearest took... PICTURED: Husband who saved his British wife from a SHARK... EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez's prison lover has been taken... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 401 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Brad Pitt looks gaunt in a grey bomber jacket before riding off on BMW motorcycle in LA The actor was seen looking lean and drawn in California  Oops she did it again! Bella Thorne flashes her pierced nipple in sheer top for another steamy selfie Leaves little to the imagination  Is she being grumpy or bashful? Khloe Kardashian hides her famous features behind red handbag as she goes to cosmetic surgery center New romance? Hailey Baldwin is a biker beauty in a leather jacket and combat boots as she joins Cameron Dallas for lunch at Urth Caffe Kim Kardashian says friends are 'fat shaming' her as she gives play-by-play of raunchy girls' trip to Mexico Mother-of-two posted a string of tweets  Her highness has arrived! Rihanna touches down in LA after defiantly sharing another image of the Queen superimposed onto her body Her own best advert! Eva Longoria wears her own fashion line as she arrives back in Los Angeles...after dispelling pregnancy rumours Slammed the claims  No bikini top, no problem! Kim Kardashian flaunts her hourglass figure in high-cut swimwear with lace-up crop top while Kourtney wears thong  In sync! Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez match in black while hand-in-hand on second outing of the day in New York Pair are hard to separate Leggy look! Joanna Krupa puts on stunning display in tiny blue romper as she lunches in Los Angeles The Miami-based blonde flaunted her long pins  Serena Williams launches stinging response in Instagram message following Ilie Nastase's 'racist and sexist' comments about World No 1 'You are just pure class': Shania Twain gushes over singer Vanessa Ferguson as Top 12 perform live on The Voice Feed me Seymour! Ageless Jane, 66, looks lovely in floral dress as she shows off hungry son Johnny Keach at charity dinner in Nashville Katie Holmes pairs white lace pants with navy cardigan for Chanel dinner during Tribeca The actress looked elegant as she posed for pictures in New York  Beyonce and Jay Z put in $120m bid for new 30,000sqft Bel Air mansion with a 15-car garage, servants' quarters and BULLETPROOF windows What Lady Gaga really looks like: Make-up free diva arrives on set of A Star Is Born after Coachella The singer went for a natural look  Taking care of business... Kylie Jenner shares racy videos of herself stripping down to her underwear and trying out her new lipstick collection  Beauty and the Geek: They're brash, brainy and  have fortunes to make Midas weep. No wonder tech nerds are attracting the world's most desirable women Grey's Anatomy star Jesse Williams and wife Aryn Drake-Lee split after almost five years of marriage The pair have two children together   Busting out in NYC! Emily Ratajkowski flashes cleavage and toned tummy for photo shoot on streets of Big Apple How Coachella A-listers party! Headliners Kendrick Lamar and Lady Gaga shack up in MULTI-MILLION DOLLAR Airbnbs...and all for free Halle Berry and Channing Tatum get ready for action in FIRST TRAILER for Kingsman: The Golden Circle Film is the sequel to the 2015 hit  EXCLUSIVE: 'Hot felon' Jeremy Meeks is DEPORTED from the UK less than eight hours after he landed for a fashion shoot Faye Dunaway admits she feels 'very guilty' as she speaks out for the first time about her Oscar best picture disaster with  Warren Beatty Seeing red! Bella Hadid dons vibrant hat as she goes hell for leather with edgy trousers and Chanel bag in NYC The model hid under sunglasses and a hat Petra Nemcova gets leggy in sparkly high-low gown for Tumi event at Tribeca Film Festival The philanthropist, 37, is said to be romancing Quincy Jones, 83 Still heavenly! Former Victoria's Secret Angel Doutzen Kroes shines bright in neon on beach shoot... and brings her family along Fun in Florida sun EXCLUSIVE: Erin Moran's body is removed from her trailer park home after she died of 'stage 4 cancer'   Pictures obtained by DailyMail.com EXCLUSIVE: 'Hot felon' Jeremy Meeks is DEPORTED from the UK less than eight hours after he landed for a fashion shoot Coco Austin puts bountiful cleavage on display in clinging dress as she cuddles Ice-T at I Am Evidence premiere Stole the spotlight at the event  Girl next door! Kendall Jenner ditches the glamour as she rocks simple T-shirt and cropped pants for studio visit in LA Sheer madness! Emma Roberts dazzles in see-through dress as she steps out at the 39th Annual American Image Awards 'Kash is going home today': Kim Zolciak announces four-year-old son who had surgery after dog bite is out of the hospital Great news  Busty bombshell! Kara Del Toro flashes side boob in plunging white dress at Genius screening in Los Angeles Pasta la vista! Ryan Gosling grabs breakfast at his favorite Italian restaurant Little Dom's in Los Angeles Actor went for a low-key look on the outing  Madonna biopic Blond Ambition, focusing on her years of struggle in the 1980s, picked up by Universal Coveted script is about her rise to fame Gretchen Mol looks pretty in peplum pencil dress for Soho Rep Spring Gala The two-time SAG Award winner easily defied her 44 years  Deadliest Catch star Jacob Harris is arrested for stealing a car while carrying prescription pills and crystal meth Was cuffed in Phoenix, Arizona  Dr Phil honored by the LAPD Reserve foundation for his show's Behind the Badge segments Credited for supporting law enforcement Sofia Richie looks sporty in designer athletic apparel as she steps out with mystery male friend Covered up with the pal in Los Angeles  Elton John, 70, in intensive care battle for two days after being struck down by 'potentially deadly' bacterial infection in South America Speculation brews over Russell Crowe and Terri Irwin romance after magazine claims the actor is renovating a house ahead of her rumored move Sheer delight! Viola Davis beams while catching departing flight in transparent top at Los Angeles airport The 51-year-old actress wowed as she traveled  If these walls could talk: The tragic and scandalous past of Grace Kelly's childhood home - which her son recently bought for $750,000  Stephen Belafonte is GRANTED heavily monitored visitation rights with daughter Madison after Mel B claimed he 'is a danger to kids' Downcast La La Anthony covers up in pink hoodie as she steps out without wedding ring following split from NY Knicks player Carmelo Leo has some competition! Nina Agdal reveals her bra in sheer top for night out with the new Dos Equis' Most Interesting Man Meet the legends! Dustin Hoffman and Robert De Niro reunite on the red carpet at Tribeca Film Festival The veteran actors are good friends  'I'm OK': Heather Morris receives perfect scores but still gets eliminated from ABC's Dancing With The Stars Her performance wasn't enough  Back to work! Amanda Seyfried returns to acting in Los Angeles after giving birth last month to baby girl Now has an even busier schedule  Eye-catching! Chloe Sevigny turns heads in lime green patterned dress at The Dinner premiere in NYC Actress wore a turtle neck frock  Ouch! Elle Fanning has bandage wrapped around head as she shares a giggle with Peter Dinklage on set of I Think We're Alone Now Like mother, like daughter! Coco Austin and 16-month-old Chanel don cute matching yoga outfits in sweet Instagram snap Market mover! Ariel Winter shows off ample assets in very plunging blazer suit at The New York Stock Exchange Showed off her curves in the revealing outfit  Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez hold hands in New York after singer revealed she made the first move (but didn't sleep with him on first date) All smiles! America Ferrera wears pretty floral-themed sleeveless frock as she is feted at NAB in Las Vegas Showed off her toned and gym-honed figure Pawfect day out! Winnie Harlow looks trendy in satin bomber jacket and skinny jeans as she stops by the puppy store to dote on adorable dogs Casual cool! Nicky Hilton is relaxed in a sweater and jeans while taking a break from mommy duty She's been busy since her first child in July 'Tramp!' Kim Kardashian bursts into Scott Disick's hotel room to confront him during Dubai trip in tense clip from KUWTK Simple elegance! Penelope Cruz layers a suede coat over a T-shirt and jeans as she presents research grant to childhood leukemia fund in Spain PICTURED: Unairbrushed Kim Kardashian busts out of her skimpy bikini in candid snaps from beach break with the girls The perks of plastic surgery! Kourtney Kardashian, 38, proudly parades her enhanced chest in tiny bikini on break away from her three kids Christina and Tarek El Moussa BOTH sign on for Flip Or Flop season 8... as divorcing exes make joint appearance in Las Vegas They split after 7 years  Having a good run! Reese Witherspoon shows off svelte figure in sports gear as she goes for jog.... after teasing possible new season of Big Little Lies Katie Holmes keeps it casual in long coat and baggy jeans while out in New York... days after celebrating daughter Suri's birthday in Miami Opted for a casual look 'I want to know that the orgasms are real': Rashida Jones candidly details her PORN preferences, as she admits she's 'pickier' about what she watches Breaking Bad star Aaron Paul teams up with Emily Ratajkowski to play couple in Italian-set thriller Welcome Home EXCLUSIVE: Jane the Virgin star hosts charity event encouraging women to 'stand up to bullies' amid claims a billionaire 'threatened to destroy her career  What a view! Ashley Graham poses up a storm while modelling her own sexy underwear against Montreal skyline Flaunted her figure  She's a bohemian babe! As Coachella comes to a close, FEMAIL reveals how YOU can wear your festival garb all year long like Alessandra Ambrosio Fashionable flyer! Heidi Klum shows a bit of skin in an open shoulder silk bomber jacket as she arrives at LAX The 43-year-old beauty wore an all black outfit  From rainbow braids to star-shaped glitter: After Coachella comes to a close, FEMAIL rounds up the celebrity beauty looks that ruled the desert Hollywood's greatest wreck: How warring studios, a runaway budget and a volatile director led to a nightmare set that nearly sunk 'Titanic' 'The queen!' Allison Williams can't contain her excitement as she raves about meeting 'pitch perfect' idol Celine Dion Item off the bucket list  'I still don't entirely understand fame': Ireland Baldwin rocks dizzying outfit for Marie Claire Mexico... but admits to struggling with life in limelight 'Being naked had no effect on me': Andie MacDowell opens up about first nude scene at 59 Said playing a grieving character went deeper  'He was a goof and really shy:' Rose Byrne reminisces about late friend Heath Ledger as new documentary about his life hits movie theatres Strength in stilettos: Crown Princess Mary looks chic in separates as she gets involved at a science and research festival in Copenhagen (Punk) rock with you: Paris Jackson sports heavy eyeliner and plaid miniskirt on the set of her new project Working with Millie Bobby Brown Tom Hardy grabs 'moped thief' after chasing him through gardens and building site then proudly announcing 'I caught the c***!'  'I had no idea he was profiting from the work of industrious Jews!' says Larry David over Steve Bannon's share in Seinfeld's profits  War of words Nobody puts Baby on ABC! Twitter users express outrage over remake of 80s cult classic Dirty Dancing, describing it as 'an abomination'  Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Anne Hathaway's toned arms The actress has quickly got back into great shape after pregnancy Strike a pose! Taye Diggs shows off physique in corset with cone bra as he channels Madonna on Lip Sync Battle Shrimp extract, kelp and a $450 face cream: The expensive lotions and potions inside Catherine Zeta-Jones' $2,600 bathroom cabinet Suicide Squad fans claim Cara Delevingne's body was edited to look SLIMMER in the movie, using revealing before and after images as evidence 'Chillin' With The Homies': Lily Collins matches her ensemble to her laidback mood as she sports sweater and lycra leggings after gym trip Aaron Hernandez's grief-stricken fiancée holds their daughter's hand as she joins his mother and other family members for disgraced football star's funeral EXCLUSIVE: This is the 22-year-old convicted armed robber who was Aaron Hernandez's prison lover - the last person to see him alive Perfect match! Hilary Swank and boyfriend Philip Schneider put on cozy display in plaid shirts and Adidas sneakers as they go for stroll in NYC Mel B skips Stephen Belafonte's visitation hearing...as she claims ex is 'danger to their kids because of his criminal connections and links to porn world'  Happy Days star Erin Moran 'likely died from stage 4 cancer' as cops reveal they found 'no drugs paraphernalia' near her body Found dead on Saturday Inside her desert oasis! Lady Gaga enjoys freebie stay at $12 million mansion while headlining Coachella She was the headliner for both weekends 'Stopping to smell the flowers!' Amanda Bynes looks in  good spirits as she returns to Twitter after troubled times The 31-year-old former child star shared snap  'He's a real man!' Brandi Glanville praises billionaire beau Donald Friese as she shares kissing snap from Coachella Pair got passionate Friend of Rich Kids of Instagram star is suing United because 'airline manhandled and removed her from $3,000 seat to be put in coach' last year Party's over! Gigi Hadid looks subdued in black as she steps out in NYC a day after 22nd birthday blowout bash Flew high on a helicopter ride for her birthday 'Joan Crawford committed suicide': Legend took own life by overdosing on sleeping pills just two days after spending Mother's Day alone according to pal Caitlyn Jenner depicted as murderous 'It' clown in series of fake ads placed around Fox News studio ahead of Tucker Carlson interview PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Cara Delevingne undergoes shocking transformation as she shaves head for role as dying woman in drama Life In A Year   Caitlyn Jenner slams Kris Jenner for voicing contempt about ex's new memoir (then says she does not watch her daughters' reality show that much) Kinky boots: Bethenny Frankel struts around New York City in racy red high-heels The 46-year-old documented her day on Instagram Stories Now that's How To Be A Latin Lover! Salma Hayek wears sexy red dress as she dances with co-star Eugenio Derbez to promote new movie President Trump's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame is vandalized yet again with 'F*** Trump!' graffiti Defaced for the second time in six months 'My heart overflows with love': LeAnn Rimes gushes as she and Eddie Cibrian celebrate their sixth wedding anniversary Posted throwback pic  No moping here! Larsa Pippen heads off on bikini break after split from husband Scottie (and is soon smiling... with the help of her Kardashian BFFs) No one's reigning on her parade!  Queen Elizabeth braves drizzle and heads out for a ride in Windsor Great Park for the first time since turning 91 'I feared not being believed; I feared he would hurt me more': Abigail Breslin explains why she didn't report her rape, while revealing she still has PTSD PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana is every inch doting dad as he takes their son Eissa for a stroll in London Dapper Chris Pratt cozies up to stunning wife Anna Faris as she slaps his backside while leading the glamour at Guardians of the Galaxy premiere in London Zoe Saldana flaunts her slender figure in sexily sophisticated plunging black dress at Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in London Happy feet! Pharrell Williams shares photo of matching Adidas shoes for his triplets  Private star still has not shown or shared babies' names  Sean Hannity threatens legal action after Fox News guest claims he invited her back to his hotel and then cut her from his show after she rejected his advances  He's her man! Victoria's Secret model Elsa Hosk only has eyes for businessman beau  Tom Daly as pair enjoy a lunch date in New York City Iskra Lawrence shows off her famous hourglass curves in Bardot crop top and skimpy briefs as she sexily dances in playful Instagram video 'Kash is doing incredible': Kim Zolciak shares updates from son's hospital bedside after he receives 'traumatic injuries' in dog attack Pregnant Serena Williams cannot stop giggling as she lounges in swimwear while gazing at fiancé Alexis Ohanian during Mexican babymoon  'You gave me strength': Serena Williams pens sweet note to her unborn baby as she celebrates return to world number one while pregnant No Horror Story here! Emma Roberts and Evan Peters pack on the PDA in New York after Coachella trip The pair went on shopping spree together New York chic! Karlie Kloss slips into turtleneck, wide pants and carries Louis Vuitton purse for stroll around the city Oozed elegance Pregnant Bristol Palin happily shares photos of daughter Sailor Grace after enjoying visit from mom Sarah and sister Willow, just two weeks before her due date  Queen Letizia of Spain shows off her maternal side as she cradles a newborn baby during a visit to the Canary Islands with husband King Felipe VI Aloha! Besotted Keith Urban 'buys Nicole Kidman's childhood home' in Hawaii in the lead up to her 50th birthday Sentimental gift for wife Megyn Kelly's new Sunday night show on NBC will debut in June - and Vladimir Putin may be the first guest Long-awaited debut after switch from Fox News  Girls' night out! Tiffany Trump, 23, and mom Marla Maples, 53, wear matching leather pants as they attend a concert with friends in New York City 'Haters will say it's photoshop': Defiant Rihanna shares another image of Queen Elizabeth superimposed onto her body after backlash Kate Moss shows her passion for fashion won't be dampened as she soldiers through the rain in a stylish black jumpsuit on luxe shopping spree Mural of Michelle Obama as Egyptian queen sparks storm as  artist is accused of 'stealing idea from student' - after raising $12,000 to fund his work Soy in love! Selena Gomez and beau The Weeknd cozy up on the backseat of a chauffeur-driven car as they roll out together for romantic sushi date Dakota Johnson puts on a stylish display in a red tea dress as she enjoys lunch date in LA with male pal Pair spotted at Laurel Canyon Country Store 'He's really tough on me!' Gordon Ramsay's daughter Tilly, 15, reveals her dad is a harsh critic of her cooking... as chef sends sweet message  Jake Gyllenhaal shares an embrace with close friend Greta Caruso as they enjoy a night out with pals in New York  She's the daughter of CSI:Miami star David Rita Ora pays tribute to George Michael in motif tee as she leaves sushi restaurant amid claims she was a 'threesome target' for Mel B and Stephen Belafonte Nicky Hilton looks lithe in skinny jeans as she joins husband James Rothschild for New York City stroll with their nine-month-old baby Lily Pair got married in 2015 Ed Sheeran shuts down rumors he 'will quit music to have a more normal life' with his girlfriend after his Divide World Tour Tweeted his feelings Emily Ratajkowski shows off sunkissed skin in a sweet patterned dress as she dines al fresco with rarely-seen boyfriend Jeff Magid When three becomes two: Mel B claims ex-nanny Lorraine Gilles 'crossed a line' with her husband Stephen Belafonte as duo 'would have sex without her' 'A little disrespectful': Kylie Jenner seethes at Rob Kardashian after house trashed following scrap with Blac Chyna on latest episode of KUWTK From Kylie Jenner hanging out on deck to Britney Spears losing her bikini top, how no celebrity Instagram is complete without shots of life on a posh yacht Slim Jennifer Garner heads to the beach in Malibu wearing workout gear amid claims she's 'ready to date again' after Ben Affleck divorce  Feeling the strain? Ben Affleck looks tired and sweaty at film festival in California amid divorce proceedings He's officially split from Jennifer Garner Marking her territory! Amber Heard CONFIRMS relationship with billionaire Elon Musk as she shares 'cheeky' snap with her lipstick on his face 'It's a family affair': Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick treat three kids to Broadway show opening Enoyed a night at the theater  Joe Jonas goes super low-key in sportswear as he joins hunky younger brother Nick for a stroll in NYC's SoHo  Siblings spending quality time together Amber Rose shows off her incredible figure in revealing swimsuit as she points out her cellulite and stretch marks 33-year-old ex stripper Leggy Lea Michele wears billowing white dress for appearance on British TV show This Morning   Former Glee star is promoting new album 'He has traumatic injuries': Kim Zolciak's son Kash, four, is rushed to the hospital for emergency surgery after being attacked by a dog 'This is my heritage. It's in my heart and veins': Princess Charlene of Monaco returns to her roots on an emotional visit to South Africa Topless April Love Geary, 22, cheekily uses a pair of coconuts to hide her nudity as she luxuriates with boyfriend Robin Thicke, 40, in the Maldives Sisters! Jennifer and Lynda Lopez take a stroll in the Big Apple with their daughters Emme and Lucie Pair walked arm-in-arm on their day out  Legend(ary) love! Besotted John lends leggy wife Chrissy Teigen his blazer as they coordinate for chilly dinner date in New York She wore skimpy outfit Is it too late now to say sorry? Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray goes completely nude in provocative snap as the pop star attends a church service Happy Days actress Erin Moran spent final days 'broke and homeless after being kicked out of mother-in-law's trailer park house in drunken brawl' Margot Robbie and Tom Ackerley look relaxed as they arrive at JFK airport... after sparking rumors of a 'babymoon' following sun-soaked holiday Sofia Vergara flaunts cleavage in white swimsuit... before falling off an inflatable bull in HILARIOUS video Showed off her figure and sense of humor  Pink-haired Cara Delevingne lays a steamy kiss on co-star Jaden Smith as they film playful scenes for teen movie Life In A Year in Toronto Caitlyn Jenner lands in New Jersey as she is seen for first time since confirming gender reassignment surgery Stepped out after the 20/20 interview  Sexy sells! Sara Sampaio stuns in black lace bustier and tight leather pants for The Clapper premiere in NYC Portuguese model, 25, turned heads 'You make me smile!' Vanderpump's Scheana Shay posts sweet birthday message to new beau Robert Parks Valletta after partying at Coachella The Joker didn't kill him! Heath Ledger's sisters say late actor 'wasn't depressed' over The Dark Knight role They were shocked by the reports  Ready to pop! A heavily pregnant Ciara shares new photos of herself on Instagram Despite being heavily pregnant, Ciara is still managing a smile 'I've never talked about this': Shereé Whitfield breaks down on RHOA Reunion over past domestic abuse Her mother found out by watching the show Natalie Portman shows off her sensational post-baby body as she is preened and pampered on photoshoot just TWO MONTHS after giving birth Doting daddy! James Van der Beek brings wife Kimberly and his three pretty daughters to Safe Kids Day event in LA Family man  'Bless them all!': Recluse Richard Simmons thanks medics in Facebook post for looking after him during his hospital stay A sight to fill you with Glee! Topless Lea Michele shares a glam selfie from her bed as she presses on with whirlwind tour of the UK It was no ordinary selfie Flying high! Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik share a sweet kiss before she goes on family helicopter ride in NYC to celebrate her 22nd birthday 'Very much in my feelings': Selena Gomez posts tribute to 'big brother' David Henrie as Wizards Of Waverly Place cast reunites at wedding 'My mini-me!' Jennifer Lopez brings nine-year-old twins Max and Emme onto her Ellen appearance...as she admits she dresses daughter like herself Pregnant Beyoncé cloaks her figure in gold and adds a stylish black hat as she and husband Jay Z make time for a beachside dinner date in Malibu She gets it from her mama! Reese Witherspoon spends the day with her mother Betty Pair went for a ride in Nashville  Flash-back feeling? Tove Lo exposes her breasts AGAIN at Coachella weekend two in an exact repeat of last week's racy stage antics Former Baywatch babes Kelly Packard, Donna D'Errico, Nancy Valen and Erika Eleniak reunite at LA marathon event... almost 30 years on from the original  Jetset sweetheart Bella Hadid rocks a floral denim boilersuit as she flies to NYC for sister Gigi's 22nd birthday Family time Hot mama! Mariah Carey shows off bountiful cleavage in low-cut black dress as she dines with kids in Malibu Eye-popping display 'I definitely do love Chyna and want to be with her': Emotional Rob Kardashian talks troubled romance in KUTWK teaser Confided in his sisters  Wendi's treat for her toyboy... meeting Wolverine! Rupert Murdoch's ex wife introduces lover to Hugh Jackman during holiday in Tahiti  I don't think you're ready! Pregnant Beyoncé displays her  bump and bodacious booty in Bardot dress for an array of white-hot selfies Nude Kesha protects her modesty by cupping her hand over her chest during beauty session in Instagram snap The 30-year-old posted the racy snap online Va va vroom! Cindy Crawford puckers up to husband Rande before hopping on his motorcycle after brunch Pair shared a romantic kiss  Certainly has ring to it! Keke Palmer shows off her nipple piercings as she wears skin tight dress to her single's launch party  All eyes were on her  Drake 'never even met' Instagram model Layla Lace who has accused the rapper of impregnating her Drake wants nothing to do with her 'Marrying my best friend': Gotham actor Chris Chalk weds Kimberly Dalton Mitchell in North Carolina Pair tied the knot in a romantic ceremony  Family time! Kobe Bryant shares limelight with wife Vanessa and daughters at Tribeca Film Festival The 38-year-old former LA Lakers star 'We're good at restaurants!' Mother-of-three Christie Brinkley shares rare video of her kids as they tease her about her cooking skills Driving her crazy! Rooney Mara looks besotted as boyfriend Joaquin Phoenix gives her a ride in Los Angeles They've been together since filming  last year That's definitely intimate: Heidi Klum rocks skimpy underwear and hold-ups surrounded by her glam squad BTS on underwear shoot Melania and Ivanka have a 'frosty' relationship say family insiders as Trump's perceived favorite child takes on more and more of his wife's duties So in love! Tracy Morgan and wife Megan Wollover share a kiss on red carpet at The Clapper's Tribeca Film Festival premiere Ready for action! Tom Cruise back on Mission Impossible set in Paris just days after terror attack nearby The 54-year-old looked ready for action Zoe Saldana wows in a black scooped duster jacket over high-waisted skirt and striped top for TV appearance... as she gushes about motherhood Lorde puts on a sultry display in a strapless sequin jumpsuit as she takes to the stage at Coachella Second album set to be released this summer Hailey Baldwin flaunts her cleavage in sultry pose wearing sexy peekaboo swimsuit as she hints at romance with Instagram post Who's mystery man? Bloom-ing freezing! Orlando shows off his manly chest as he takes a dip in icy water to celebrate Earth Day 'Pirates' star is always stripping off Amber Heard returns to Australia for the first time since her doomed dog-smuggling trip with Johnny Depp as she goes zip-lining with new love Elon Musk Number one fan! Ecstatic Justin Bieber celebrates with little brother Jaxon as they watch Stanley Cup playoff in Toronto Cheered them on  Stephen Belafonte 'asks Mel B for money to fund his expenses'... but she denies his request after 'blocking his access to her $51million fortune' An English couple in New York!  Sting and Trudie Styler hit up the Tribeca Film Festival The celebrity couple showed up for a screening 'I could never really get guys as a teenager': Alexandra Daddario confesses she used to be 'nerdy'... but is now getting 'revenge' with Baywatch Sheer-ly amazing! Jada Pinkett Smith bares skin in fishnet top during outing at Malibu's Soho House Will Smith's wife wore a crocodile green jacket  Britney Spears reveals she's a 'huge fan' of Cameron Diaz... 15 years after they last crossed paths Brit even reposted Diaz tomato pic    Stroller strut! Chrissy Teigen is one hot mama in thigh high boots as she and John Legend take baby Luna for a walk James Corden and wife Julia Carey hop into their flash $192k Aston Martin after enjoying a dinner date at Malibu members' club Soho House Rebecca Hall takes the plunge in green Gabriela Hearst dress at the Tribeca premiere of Permission The Golden Globe nominee turned heads  Parental prom! John Legend gives Chrissy Teigen a corsage for 'high school' date night...as they leave one-year-old daughter Luna at home Classically stylish! Mindy Kaling attends charity luncheon in powder blue mini dress and cropped jacket Wore her dark hair loose around her shoulders  'I always hoped she could find peace in her life': Erin Moran's Happy Days co-star Scott Baio pays tribute to the late actress who died of a suspected overdose Joan Crawford and Bette Davis finally get their happy ending in 'Feud' finale with the Hollywood stars apologizing... but's a hallucination  Knot again! Fashion victim David Beckham unleashes his inner samurai once more as he wears trendy manbun at PFA soccer Awards in London Orange Is the New Black's Taryn Manning and Pretty Little Liars' Shay Mitchell glam up for Shorty Awards Pair both tookk home awards  Delta Goodrem looks exhausted and struggles to raise a smile as she lands in Sydney wearing black following big night at Australian's Logies Blondes DO have more fun! Gwyneth Paltrow and Kate Hudson look to be having a blast at Jennifer Meyer's birthday event Smiling and pouting  No time to blow dry! Fresh-faced Jennifer Garner steps out with wet hair... as it's claimed she 'wants to date again' after Ben Affleck divorce 'He said he'll flex on The Rock': UFC champ Tyron Woodley insists Vin Diesel told him he would beat co-star Dwayne Johnson in real fight Cheeky! Geri Horner shrieks with glee as she is lifted into the air by husband Christian... before he slaps her bottom in playful Instagram video Doing what she does best! Alessandra Ambrosio relaxes by a pool as she soaks up the desert sun at Coachella Stunning figure  Flower power! Jamie Chung sizzles in the desert in sheer top and floral embroidered bra as she braves the heat at a pre-Coachella party Turned up the heat  Casual chic! Diane Kruger rocks a black leather jacket and skinny jeans at Q&A for Bombshell: The Hedy Lamarr Story at Tribeca Film Festival She sure is in love! Jennifer Lopez calls beau Alex Rodriguez a 'beast' as she shares video of some of his best plays Adorable tribute  'They weren't too friendly': Orlando Bloom and ex-girlfriend Katy Perry awkwardly cross paths at pal's party... just one month after 'grown-up' split Who knew they were friends? Dakota Johnson hitches ride with Giovanni Ribisi as they leave Jennifer Meyer's 40th birthday bash together She's becoming Bette! Susan Sarandon mirrors her Feud character Ms Davis while promoting Bombshell at Tribeca Film Festival Took to the stage  Machine Gun Kelly checked out by paramedics for injury after suffering chest pain during concert and walking off stage Health scare  Taking the plunge! Bikini-clad Kate Upton shares video where she falls into a pool with Justin Verlander during Caribbean vacation Tropical setting  Busty Demi Lovato puts on an eye-popping display as she showcases her enviable curves in a plunging burnt orange swimsuit Looked sensational  'Thank God I'm not where I used to be': Justin Bieber reminisces on progress he's made since 2014 DUI arrest Forgetting legal troubles They could be sisters! Demi Moore, 54, resembles Courteney Cox, 52, as the friends help Jennifer Meyer celebrate her 40th birthday Penelope Ann Miller talks 'vanity-free' role in new prison-set Lifetime flick Plays guard Joyce Mitchell in jail break movie  'An animalistic shock went through me!': Baywatch's Alexandra Daddario reveals what it's like to touch Zac Efron's unreal abs Didn't hold back  Going solo! Ryan Reynolds leaves his stunning wife Blake Lively at home to hoof it around NYC like a college student with backpack and iPod Baywatch newcomer Kelly Rohrbach reveals her famous red swimsuit was refitted 10 TIMES to make her legs look longer and her bum perkier April Love Geary, 22, flaunts her abs in ANOTHER barely-there bikini as she cozies up to boyfriend Robin Thicke, 40, on Maldives getaway Prince William, Prince Harry and Kate Middleton start the London marathon with 50,000 runners amid biggest security operation in 36 years  Royal seal of approval! Duchess of Cambridge presents the fastest man to run the London marathon while dressed as a STAR with his medal  Letting the desert heat get to her! Model Chanel Iman strips off to her skimpy bikini top as she enjoys Coachella She got into the boho fashion spirit Kylie Jenner exhibits her hourglass figure in a skimpy striped dress at Las Vegas event... before being interrupted by angry protesters  'It doesn't always work that way': Rosario Dawson reveals she won't appear in Marvel series The Punisher Things just didn't work out Curves ahead! Mariah Carey flashes her braless cleavage in lace up bodysuit and jeans for dinner date with ex Nick Cannon Getting close again  Blac Chyna is impersonated by Shea Couleé in Kardashian: The Musical on this week's RuPaul's Drag Race Sent up the family The party goes on! Kylie Jenner embraces male friend after holding hands with Travis Scott at Coachella... weeks after Tyga split Having a great time  Blondie's Debbie Harry, 71, admits she was once so crippled by her appearance that she refused to look at herself... but says she'd still perform naked Wisdom from the Captain! Star Trek vet William Shatner, 86, makes surprise appearance at Silicon Valley Comic Con panel Legendary figure  Two cute! Jessica Alba holds hands with husband of nearly 10 years as she arrives at Jennifer Meyer's 40th birthday party Celebrity-heavy party  She's going to nail it!': Kristin Chenoweth says she is looking forward to seeing good friend Jennifer Lopez star in Bye Bye Birdie Live Hollywood talent agent and producer Sandy Gallin who counted Barbra Streisand, Dolly Parton and Cher among his clients, dies aged 76 Widely respected  Movie hardman Ray Winstone helps a wine maker carry out the perfect murder in chilling domestic abuse film  Action film star She's a fan! Paris Jackson pays tribute to John Lennon as she steps out in tiny Daisy Dukes on Earth Day Out and about in Studio City  Kicking up their heels! Sonia Kruger slips into a plunging black dress as she joins Delta Goodrem and Richard Wilkins at the Channel Nine Logies after party The Fate Of The Furious powers to the top of the box office for a second weekend, racing off with $38.7m Stateside and just under $1b globally 'You're a stupid little girl': Rihanna sparks huge backlash as she superimposes Queen Elizabeth's head on to her own raunchy snaps in 91st birthday tribute Henry Winkler and Ron Howard lead tributes to their Happy Days co-star Erin Moran after actress dies aged 56 'of a suspected heroin overdose' Pitch perfect: Rock star Rod Stewart installs pristine seven-a-side soccer ground in the garden of his Grade II listed $6 million country home  Breaking Bad vet Bryan Cranston poses with Walter White rag doll at the Los Angeles Times Book Festival Actor was all laugh's about his iconic role  Demi Moore, 54, looks eternally youthful in a floaty midnight blue dress as she celebrates Jen Meyer's 40th Appeared to have rolled back the years  Lady Gaga wows in skimpy hot pants for a typically energetic show at Coachella week two... as she emotionally dedicates performance to cancer-stricken pal Paul McCartney, 74, greets fans as he arrives in Tokyo with trendy wife Nancy Shevell, 57... as an overzealous one tries to pull him into crowd Lady Gaga dubbed Princess Diana 'just another dead blonde' in shock track... as she meets with Prince William for mental health campaign 'Eve has grown up now': Tyra Banks, 43, says sequel to Life-Size will be an 'edgy' offering 'for young adults' An 'edgy' offering 'for young adults' she says 'Of course!' Original American Idol judge Randy Jackson says he's ready to return to the talent show if it's ever rebooted Would love to go back Dare to bare! Makeup-free Nicole Richie shows off her chest in low-cut top as she hits pal Jennifer Meyer's 40th birthday party in LA Man of style! Liev Schreiber is cool customer as he rocks jeans and blazer for outing in Malibu The 49-year-old Ray Donovan actor  Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go low-key as they join pal Courteney Cox at jewellery designer Jennifer Meyer's 40th birthday bash Suns out, (baby) bump out! Pregnant Kayla Rae Reid shows off her growing belly during Malibu beach day with fiance Ryan Lochte Posted a bikini photo Girls night out! Lena Dunham cuddles up to her mom at the premiere of My Art at Tribeca Film Festival Teamed chunky sneakers with her dress 'She is outnumbered by toddlers and dogs...OMG!' Kris Jenner shares snap of Kathy Griffin as she babysits North and Saint West She looked surprised Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 30, and fiancé Jason Statham, 49, 'seeking advice from baby guru' and father-of-five Sylvester Stallone, 70 Pippa Middleton's wedding to banker James Matthews could be gatecrashed by locals after church rules nearby residents 'must be allowed to attend' Mel B steps out for lunch with daughters... as former nanny claims in bombshell lawsuit they were 'lovers' and 'had sex multiple times a week' Summertime Happiness? Lana Del Rey sparks romance rumors with hunky rapper G-Eazy as they 'make out' at Coachella festival BREAKING NEWS: 'I dreamed of Africa' author Kuki Gallmann shot and wounded at Kenyan conservation park  Italian born author 'I would die for them': Blake Lively describes her love for young daughters James and Ines and her desperation to protect her family Simply radiant! Sharon Stone channels '90s chic in lace dress as she attends the Orange Ball to benefit Lupus LA She is one of 23 celebrity ambassadors George Michael's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz heads back to London mansion... as it's revealed late singer's family 'aren't on board' with his tribute concert Burt Reynolds, 81, has to sit on a stool at the  photocall for new movie Dog Years at the Tribeca Film Festival... as  Robert De Niro and Ariel Winter lend a helping hand Man, you look good! Alanis Morissette nails androgynous chic in fitted navy and yellow panelled trouser suit as she attends TV screening Home sweet home! Cindy Crawford nails casual chic as she shops for furniture with pals in Hollywood Looks like she is getting a home makeover 'Bey always says to be authentic': Kelly Rowland credits BFF Beyoncé for helping her find self-confidence... as singer hails girl power as 'f***ing incredible' Miley Cyrus' sister Noah puts on a chic display in a fitted black jumpsuit as she attends animal rights gala for The Humane Society in LA Tied up in knots! Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries wears bizarre corset as she DJs in a $450 T-shirt for Earth Day Unusual look It's a match! Jeremy Clarkson, 56, takes new blonde girlfriend Lisa Hogan, 46, to the FA Cup semi final for a sporty date... as couple's new romance blossoms A breath of fresh air! Elizabeth Banks is pretty as a petal in floral-print dress for Humane Society benefit Actress looked lovely in a sleeveless dress A Beast no more! Dan Stevens looks dapper in a fitted houndstooth suit as he cosies up to stunning wife at screening of new movie Permission Yeah mom! Gwen Stefani rocks a 'Jamaica no problem' T-shirt as she runs errands with son Kingston Rossdale  Stepped out in California Looking all-white! Diane Keaton rocks kooky belted suit and matching hat as she attends animal rights gala for The Humane Society in LA     DON'T MISS Fierce fashionista! Hailee Steinfeld shows off girly glam in tulle mini dress at JDRF Imagine Gala in LA Clad in a long-sleeved embroidered tulle dress It's a slam dunk! Kobe and Vanessa Bryant look the glamorous couple as they step out for premiere of Dear Basketball New York City premiere Family day out! Nicole Richie wears floral caftan for grocery shopping with her two kids and sister-in-law Cameron Diaz Spotted shopping in LA Effortless chic! Jessica Alba dons simple linen jumpsuit and khaki jacket as she enjoys fun day of shopping with daughters Casual chic Love triangle: Kylie Jenner is caught holding hands with Travis Scott at Coachella... after awkward run-in with former flame Tyga She is moving on  Just the girls! Kristen Bell spends Earth Day with her daughters as they enjoy outdoor event at LA's Griffith Park Protected her face with a straw hat Bat dad! Chris Martin channels Caped Crusader in casual shirt as he steps out in Malibu with Apple and Moses The Coldplay frontman looked like a kid at heart Soccer mom! Jennifer Garner flashes her pins in denim shorts as she takes her children to sports practice The mother-of-three looked radiant Melanie Griffith looks fab in floral frock at star-studded gala for The Humane Society in LA The well styled blonde beauty wore her hair up Showing him what she's got! Jennifer Lopez, 47, flashes her bra with sheer green dress as she joins Alex Rodriguez, 41, for dinner in Miami White hot! Charlotte McKinney flashes cleavage and legs in white blazer dress at premiere of Literally, Right Before Aaron Sizzling on the red carpet Oh how we laughed! Uma Thurman and Zac Posen get the giggles as they attend the premiere of the House Of Z They struggled to keep their composure Wedding prep! Ashley Greene and fiance Paul Khoury treat themselves to a couple's mani pedi in Beverly Hills  Spent their Saturday getting pampered Mellow yellow! Elizabeth Moss radiates in a draped dress for the Tribeca Film Festival premiere of Tokyo Project Summer ready Malia Obama shows off her nineties street style while out with a friend in New York City  She headed for lunch at a restaurant in New York City on Saturday Natural beauty! Gisele Bundchen frolics by the beach in tiny string bikini as she leads the stars on social media with Earth Day snaps Looking sensational  'There's nobody freaking out if something happens to me': Dance Moms' alum Abby Lee Miller reveals nerves ahead of weight loss surgery A very modern look! Ariel Winter sparkles in embellished thigh-skimming minidress as she attends the 2017 Tribeca Film Festival Dazzling appearance Leggy and lovely! Baywatch's Alexandra Daddario dazzles at film's SlowMo Marathon in LA She is promoting the upcoming film Going strong! Leggy Selma Blair looks ready for summer in t-shirt and shorts as she enjoys day out with beau Ron Carlson Down time Hat girl! Paula Patton looks effortlessly good as she enjoys a giggle on Vancouver set of new show Somewhere Between Playing it sun safe Joanna Blooper! Real Housewives of Miami star Krupa falls victim to a gust of wind as she flashes her nude underwear while stepping out for dinner She chopped her hair off! Pinup Erika Eleniak, 47, shows off short blonde locks at Baywatch event where she mingles with Zac Efron 'We have our things that bother each other': Actress Elsa Pataky reveals hubby Chris Hemsworth DOES have flaws Hollywood power couple Fabulous at 59! Andie Macdowell is a timeless beauty as she flaunts her age-defying figure in chic dress at movie premiere Still turning heads She doesn't age! Playboy vet Donna D'Errico, 49, looks sensational at Baywatch reunion 20 years after leaving the TV series Still stunning  Tickled pink! Kelly Rohrbach stuns in figure-hugging blush dress at Baywatch Slow Motion Marathon Baywatch movie is set for theaters next month 'Love your body the way it is!': Demi Lovato claims she used 'no filter, no edit' while posing makeup-free in teeny bikini Has never looked better  His anniversary gift! LeAnn Rimes poses in skimpy red bikini as she celebrates six years of marriage with Eddie Cibrian Little red two piece 'I've spent a lot of time in Africa': Reese Witherspoon expresses her fondness for elephants as she speaks out against poaching 'She was one of their targets': Rita Ora 'declined Mel B and Stephen Belafonte when they asked her to partake in a threesome' Three years ago Arnold Schwarzenegger cuts dapper figure in a striped blazer as he preps for flight to Brazil for his annual sports festival 'I'm so used to it which is almost a sad thing to say': Kylie Minogue, 48, opens up about pressure to look young after revealing she's ditched Botox Blac Chyna wears waist trainer and workout gear in latest Instagram snap...after showing off her impossibly tiny waist Post baby weight loss Ronda Rousey confirms engagement to MMA fighter Travis Browne as she posts hilarious Instagram snap 'Just engaged' Inseparable! Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez are as stylish as ever while heading into airport in Miami She slid on a nude turtlenecked sweater Not exactly Perfect Strangers! Sitcom co-stars Bronson Pinchot and Mark Linn-Baker reunite for radio interview after 24 years 'Hi, piggy!' Chrissy Teigen gives baby Luna cute Snapchat filters as they take off with John Legend Had a bit of fun with her one-year-old daughter Keeping it in the family! Britney Spears shares rare photo of her brother Bryan with her two sons He may stay out of the limelight, but Bryan is still a big part of her life Proud parents-to-be! Star Wars actor Oscar Isaac is the picture of happiness as he supports pregnant girlfriend Elvira Lind at film premiere 'They're always the worst': Elisabeth Moss talks about her 'awkward' sex scenes in The Handmaid's Tale Says no actor enjoys filming sex scenes 'A pretty stupid thing to say': Chris Pratt backpedals from remark that blue-collar Americans aren't represented in Hollywood Mel B and her nanny, 18, were lovers , had sex 'multiple times a week' - and she pressured the teen into threesomes claims bombshell lawsuit  The Queen takes on Mary Berry with a drop scones recipe she used when Eisenhower visited in 1959 in a new Buckingham Palace teas cookbook  'A true prince': Zachary Quinto writes heartfelt tribute to dog Noah after the pup's passing The 39-year-old actor said goodbye to his dog of 14 years this week Her business look! Jessica Simpson flashes her cleavage in low-cut top she pairs with black pantsuit at New York summit for her brand Cindy Crawford, 51, Christie Brinkley, 63, and Gigi Hadid, 21, share their first Harper's Bazaar covers to celebrate 150 year anniversary of magazine That just-rolled-out-of-bed look: Kesha tries to pass off a skimpy silk and lace slip as a dress while heading into LAX airport Flying in comfort Harry styles it just like Jagger: Same clothes, same pout and even the same taste in women.... no wonder Mick's fed up with his One Direction mini-me  'Nipple clamp ready': Kourtney Kardashian raises eyebrows as she shows off sex toy on Snapchat Reality star's very risque new purchase  How the emotional outpourings of the two 'self-absorbed' young Princes over the death of Diana have left the father who brought them up 'perplexed' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Now even Posh's mother learns The Victoria as she poses with one foot in front of the other and an arm hid down by her side  He's married! Wizards Of Waverly Place star David Henrie ties the knot with beauty queen Maria Cahill in LA as Selena Gomez looks on Happy day for couple  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: No wonder Catherine Zeta-Jones is a smooth operator... her bathroom cabinet is full of expensive lotions and potions  Ravishing in red! Selena Gomez sizzles in skintight gown to attend wedding of Wizards Of Waverly Place co-star David Henrie  Date night in LA! Selena Gomez and The Weeknd take in John Mayer's concert as their relationship hits six month mark Still going strong 'Can't wait to sing for you and see all your looks!': Lady Gaga shares new makeup face tattoo for second weekend of Coachella Shared her new look The Kardashians are 'set to film themselves watching the Caitlyn Jenner special on KUWTK in revenge for her spilling their secrets' The thighs the limit! Pregnant Beyonce shows off her growing baby bump in mini dress and thigh highs combo for Instagram photo shoot He's 'Eternal': Cuba Gooding Jr pays touching tribute to his late soul singer father by posting the cover of his Greatest Hits album on Instagram 'He really likes her!': David Spade, 52, has 'fallen' for new girlfriend Naya Rivera, 30... as the actors are seen on steamy dinner date in LA Getting serious  Keeping Up With The Kleavage! Kris Jenner, 61, flashes her bra in risque semi-sheer bodysuit... after ex Caitlyn dishes the dirt on their marriage Kourtney Kardashian angers tweeters who call her 'immoral' after she wears a fur coat while joking she is having a 'a mental breakdown' Einstein does a Night Manager - and exposes the gravity of his depravity: Physicist has a very intimate embrace with his secretary in new TV series Genius  Enjoying her pregnancy! Serena Williams lounges on the beach in Mexico after announcing she is 20 weeks along with first baby Mel B's nanny Lorraine Gilles 'claims Spice Girl told her to "do the right thing" in handwritten note... weeks before filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte' What's his secret? Sylvester Stallone, 70, looks shockingly youthful and fit as he steps out for lunch in Beverly Hills with yellow shirt Family time in the Big Apple! Claire Danes and Hugh Dancy take their son Cyrus and Hugh's father Jonathan for a stroll in NYC Family day out  Jenna Dewan Tatum stuns in sheer black dress to support husband Channing Tatum at opening of Magic Mike Live in Vegas 'My vacation is always more beautiful when I'm next to my beautiful wife': Patrick Dempsey shares sweet note one year after reconciling with ex It's official! Deadpool 2 starring Ryan Reynolds as the Marvel anti-hero lands a release date The actor reprises his role as the disfigured anti-hero 'Many times I have spent nights crying': Kyle Richards confesses the nasty fights on Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills 'stress' her out 'I'm not dating him!' Tyga's rumored new squeeze Jordan Ozuna hits back at claims she is dating the rapper following his split from Kylie Jenner Talented Yorkshire superfan, 13, plays Shape Of You for Ed Sheeran backstage at his sell-out concert... after singing Photograph at her mother's funeral  Mariah Carey and ex husband Nick Cannon spark rumors of a romantic reunion after heading out for dinner for the second day in a row 'I look at all the other coaches and think am I the only normal one here?': UK The Voice's Boy George 'can't avoid' clashing with 'weird' judges 'I loved what she said': Ryan Murphy reacts to Olivia De Havilland's statement she has 'no memory' of the 1963 Oscars depicted on Feud Keep it under your hat! Cara Delevigne covers her newly cropped hairstyle under a cap... after revealing she will 'shave her head' for latest film role Stevie Wonder leads the droves of A-list guests arriving for lavish $250,000 wedding of Rory McIlroy and Erica Stoll (but complains that Ireland is a 'bit cold') Get ready for more Avatar! James Cameron reveals FOUR sequels will be coming out in the next eight years The world will be full of Avatar movies  'My tube is on YouTube!' John Cena and Nikki Bella bare all as they strip down to celebrate having 500,000 video subscribers  Red hot! Leggy Khloe Kardashian flashes the flesh in skimpy lingerie couture as she steps out in LA The reality star looked ravishing in red Paris Jackson shows off her enviable model figure in casual crop top and quirky boho skirt as she heads to a John Mayer concert in LA Out with her mini me! Michelle Monaghan takes daughter Willow, eight, to art gallery event in West Hollywood Debut of Terrazzo Work by Carly Jo Morgan  She's timeless! Andie MacDowell, 59, flaunts her age-defying figure in plunging glittering gown as she arrives at Groundhog Day musical In New York City  EXCLUSIVE: Laurence Fishburne's daughter Montana 'ranted about Trump, her porn career and was sexually explicit while being arrested for DUI'  Jonah Hill continues to display his slimline physique as he steps out in New York City in a sporty bomber jacket and beanie hat Cut a stylish figure  Zayn Malik shakes off his boy band image as he smokes and drinks at 'wildest house party imaginable' in new video for Still Got Time... and there's a MONKEY too  Glee(ful)! Lea Michele looks in good spirits as she steps out in bright fuchsia kimono and ripped jeans ensemble Bright and sunny  Sheer brilliance! Gisele Bundchen flaunts her famous figure in a VERY revealing black lace jumpsuit World's reigning top model for 20 years 'I dated him, too!': RHONY's Sonja Morgan admits fling with Owen Wilson after confessing she romanced Jack Nicholson Romantic revelation  KK Undercover! Kourtney Kardashian sports blonde wig as she interviews strangers in Hollywood for Jimmy Kimmel Live! Recognizable celebrity Pink to make the boys wink! Curvaceous Iskra Lawrence flashes her toned tummy in floral crop top and casual baseball jacket as she steps out in New York So money can buy love? Tyga seen purchasing an almost $4,000 Chanel bag... just a day after cozying up with Kylie look-a-like Jordan Ozuna That's one expensive bathroom break! Amy Schumer buys a salesperson a mattress as a thank you for using a store's restroom  Lavish gift  Blast from the past... Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in '90s inspired ensembles for John Mayer's concert Vintage get-up gear   Mel B 'filmed her former nanny having sex with her husband during threesomes' the woman claims as she accuses the star of branding her a 'homewrecker'  Mel B's ex Jimmy Gulzar claims she 'threatened to report their daughter Phoenix, 18, missing' in a bid to 'block her from seeing him' Today's headlines Most Read 'I'm not a monster': Killer tells the woman who saw him rape and murder her mother 22 years ago 'I'm sorry'... 'The truth will come out... and when it does you will be shaken': Bill O'Reilly admits he's surprised Fox... Beyonce and Jay Z put in $120m bid for new 30,000sqft Bel Air mansion with a 15-car garage, servants'... Trump 'will NOT ask for money to build the wall in crucial spending bill': President may avoid a government... Judge rules a man who worked as a server for 13-years should not have been fired for calling his boss a... Teen who was denied a double lung transplant because he had marijuana in his system dies - after he searched... Entire Senate invited to White House for classified briefing on North Korea from Mattis, Tillerson and top... Trump 'is set to extend laptop ban onboard passenger planes to flights from EUROPE to America' Deadliest Catch star Jacob Harris is arrested for stealing a car while carrying prescription pills and... Elton John, 70, cancels Las Vegas shows after intensive care battle with 'potentially deadly' bacterial... Faye Dunaway admits she feels 'very guilty' as she speaks out for the first time about her Oscar best... Andrea Tantatros accuses Fox News of HACKING in new lawsuit that claims Roger Ailes and other executives... Tucker Carlson pays tribute to Bill O'Reilly as he takes over his slot: New host says his predecessor 'set a... United Airlines victim's lawyer is now representing woman who was hit with a stroller on American Airlines... How Chicago airport cop tried to claim United passenger 'fell' into the armrest and says he let Dr Dao go... EXCLUSIVE: 'Hot felon' Jeremy Meeks is DEPORTED from the UK less than eight hours after he landed for a... Bulletproof NSA spy blimp that could listen in on cell phone calls 'spied on New York,' shocking leaked... EXCLUSIVE: Jane the Virgin star hosts charity event encouraging women to 'stand up to bullies' amid claims a... Chobani sues conspiracy theorist radio host Alex Jones after he claimed the company are 'importing migrant... Alex Jones says he slept with more than 150 women by the time he was 16: Conspiracy theorist makes bizarre... Tourism director, 61, who was fired after she accidentally live-streamed herself naked on her ENTIRE TOWN'S... Pro-Trump couple who shot a protester outside a Milo Yiannopoulos event are charged with assault after... Hollywood's greatest wreck: How warring studios, a runaway budget and a volatile director led to a nightmare... EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez's prison lover has been taken off suicide watch, as his lawyer says his client is... EXCLUSIVE: This is the 22-year-old 'heroin addicted' convicted armed robber who was Aaron Hernandez's prison... New Jersey teen pleads GUILTY in horrific murder of 19-year-old former classmate - and will testify against... Aaron Hernandez's grief-stricken fiancée holds their four-year-old daughter's hand as she joins his family... The truth about the miracle cure that promises to treat everything: Stem cells are known for their... Female bystander is shot in the ankle as a gunman opens fire during an argument near New York City’s Battery... MORE HEADLINES EXCLUSIVE: This is the 22-year-old 'heroin addicted' convicted armed robber who was Aaron Hernandez's prison lover and the last person to see him alive - now on suicide watch Aaron Hernandez's grief-stricken fiancée holds their four-year-old daughter's hand as she joins his family for the disgraced football star's funeral - as judge orders his suicide notes released to them Happy Days star Erin Moran 'likely died from stage 4 cancer' as cops reveal they found 'no drugs paraphernalia' near her body Russia plans to build the 'world's largest aircraft carrier' the size of three football fields to take on the US  If these walls could talk: The tragic and scandalous past of Grace Kelly's childhood home - which her son recently bought for $750,000  'Joan Crawford committed suicide': Mommie Dearest took her own life by overdosing on sleeping pills just two days after spending Mother's Day alone according to a close friend Police use murdered woman's FitBit movements to show her husband 'lied about her final hours to cover up the fact he murdered her to be with his pregnant mistress'  Three ISIS fighters 'are killed by rampaging wild BOARS' near Iraqi farmland  EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez's prison lover has been taken off suicide watch, as his lawyer says his client is 'saddened by the loss of his friend' and asks that the final letter Patriots player wrote to the 22-year-old be turned over as soon as possible Woman on 'exorcism' drug crawls along filthy Baltimore street begging 'pray for me' as by-passers taunt her in shocking video 'I'm not a monster': Killer tells the woman who saw him rape and murder her mother 22 years ago 'I'm sorry' in sickening plea for forgiveness as he is put to death in America's first double execution in 17 years French far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen steps DOWN as head of National Front in bid to woo moderate voters  'The truth will come out... and when it does you will be shaken': Bill O'Reilly admits he's surprised Fox News fired him and hints the scandal is far from over in first episode of his rebooted podcast Teen who was denied a double lung transplant because he had marijuana in his system dies - after he searched for three months to find another doctor to perform the surgery  EXCLUSIVE: Erin Moran's body is removed from her trailer park home after she died of 'stage 4 cancer'   Woman, 22, killed and her sister, 21, is in critical condition after 'a drunk-off-duty NYPD officer' rear-ends their car in Queens Entire Senate invited to White House for classified briefing on North Korea from Mattis, Tillerson and top military and intelligence officials 'He's not a monster': Sister of Amber Alert teacher speaks out five days after he was busted with his former student, 15, after more than a month on the run 'I'm sorry she went down that road': Caitlyn Jenner criticizes Kris Jenner for voicing contempt about ex's new memoir (then says she does not watch her daughters' reality show that much) Former Orange County beauty queen jailed for ten months over child porn involving a four-year-old family member New Jersey teen pleads GUILTY in horrific murder of 19-year-old former classmate - and will testify against a friend accused of murdering her Moment a foul-mouthed father tries to fight a 14-year-old schoolboy in a skate park before the jiu-jitsu expert teen sends him packing Revealed: Obama sealed Iran nuclear deal by dropping charges against arms smuggler who helped kill HUNDREDS of U.S. troops in Iraq Bloodhounds and police helicopters join desperate search for missing five-year-old boy whose father was found passed out in a California park Shocking moment 60 teenage girls start a huge brawl in a Florida mall: Five are arrested after the youngsters spat and punched each other in front of horrified onlookers 'I had no idea he was profiting from the work of industrious Jews!' says Larry David on Steve Bannon's share in Seinfeld's profits  Tom Hardy grabs moped thief after chasing him through gardens and building site then proudly announcing 'I caught the c***!' Faye Dunaway admits she feels 'very guilty' as she speaks out for the first time about her Oscar best picture disaster with 'impossible' Warren Beatty MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Weather 66° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Death of baby who died during 911 fiasco ruled an accident Tanya Eiserer, WFAA 6:54 PM. CDT April 23, 2017 Brandon Alex CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST The death of a 6-month-old child who died last month after his babysitter was repeatedly put on hold by 911 has been ruled accidental, according to a Collin County Medical Examiner’s autopsy report. The medical examiner concluded that Brandon Alex died of “positional asphyxia that compromised his ability to breathe,” the report said. “He was fund upside down, head on floor, hips and legs extended slightly forward, and his back against the extended part of the day bed,” the report said. “Brandon’s truck was between the wall and an arm of the day bed. Face was forward and well exposed.” Brandon’s babysitter, Michaelle Cohen, told WFAA in a prior interview that he fell off a day bed and that she found him on the floor. The autopsy found a “small faint” bruise to his head, but no evidence of trauma to his brain. There was no other evidence of injury either, the report said. That night, March 11, more than 400 callers ended up on hold for an average of 38 minutes. It was a perfect storm driven by T-Mobile glitches, an understaffed 911 call center and an outdated 911 infrastructure. The day after WFAA first reported the news of Brandon Alex’s death, T-Mobile sent its top engineers to Dallas. T-Mobile has since made several important tweaks to its system, including turning off a safety feature that caused duplicate calls to the 911 call center whenever a caller didn’t connect with an operator. The City has since beefed up its call center, bringing dozens of police officers in to help the exhausted call takers. On the night Brandon died, Cohen was taking care of Brandon while Bridget Alex, who says she adopted him, attended a funeral for her nephew. Cohen has said that she was put on hold three times – the longest time for 30 minutes. “It just looked like he was sleeping really hard,” she says. “It didn’t seem like he had any other injuries. He was just breathing really light.” Cohen called 911. When she was put on hold, she hung up after less than a minute and called back. She was on hold for more than eight minutes when she decided to hang up and call Alex to let her know what was going on. She called 911 again. She was hold for more than 30 minutes. While she was on hold, she says she was doing CPR on Brandon and praying that Brandon would be okay. “I just felt like everything I did wasn’t enough,” Cohen said. “I was so frustrated. I was crying and I was mad.” Cohen never made contact with a 911 operator. Alex drove home and took Brandon to the hospital. “I understand all jobs have a short staff, but that’s not an excuse for 911,” Cohen said in the prior interview. “I can understand at Walmart. I can understand at the dollar store. I can understand anywhere else, but not 911.” It’s not the first time that staffing in 911 has fallen to unacceptable levels – and not the first time that Dallas police and city officials have promised to fix it. Dallas police beefed up the staffing of the 911 call center after the 2012 murder of Deanna Cook. She was strangled by her husband while she was on the phone with a 911 operator. Her death revealed that the 911 center was dramatically understaffed and couldn’t keep up with the call load. © 2017 WFAA-TV CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Three killed in crash on Hwy 288 at Bellfort Ave. Missing girl found safe at Hempstead park Train car explodes near downtown Houston Missing girl found safe after search at Hempstead park New info about woman killed, truck stolen in SE Houston Woman murdered in SE Houston home, truck stolen Missing girl in Waller County - 6:32 a.m. update Suspect dead, 1 injured in office building shooting Group fighting to keep monuments in place plans vigil Search continues for missing man in Lake Houston More Stories Galveston casino cruise ship GM explains… Apr 24, 2017, 10:34 p.m. Investigators following money from Deputy Greenwood… Apr 24, 2017, 6:23 p.m. HPD: Body recovered, believed to be from weekend boat crash Apr 24, 2017, 2:49 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Tell Tiffany Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Animals Texans Cheerleaders Houston Rodeo Food CBS TV Shows More... City Pros Sandwich Generation Tech-Gaming More Features Life in Balance Obituaries Buffalo Bayou Park Great Day Houston Day For Night Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist Pet of the Week About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS Cars.com Houston Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman A Message to Global Brands from a Rana Plaza Survivor “Sometimes I just can’t sleep without pills. I keep remembering how many people died that day.” Shabana, her name changed to protect her privacy, survived three days buried in the rubble of Rana Plaza, an eight-story building with five garment factories that collapsed in Bangladesh in 2013. Relatives cry for loved ones trapped in the collapsed Rana Plaza building outside Dhaka on April 24, 2013. (c) 2013 Reuters Four years later, Shabana is still struggling to piece her life back together. She has nightmares. Depression hampers her life and ability to work. Setting foot inside a garment factory is unthinkable. She is now a domestic worker. There was barely any publicly available information about the apparel brands that were using the Rana Plaza factories. Activists searched through the rubble for labels and interviewed survivors. For decades, such secrecy has been the norm in the garment industry. While a handful of companies, like Adidas, Nike, Levi’s, Puma, and Patagonia, began publishing details more than a decade ago, others have recently joined. By the end of 2016, at least 29 apparel companies were disclosing some information about their source factories. Yet, company commitments to transparency about supplier information are inconsistent, with widely varying standards for what they choose to disclose. Many brands have held out completely. Last year, a coalition of labor and human rights organizations endorsed the Transparency Pledge, which sets a minimum standard for publishing supply chain information. The coalition contacted 72 apparel and footwear companies, urging them to carry out the pledge. The pledge reflects existing corporate practices on disclosure, and aims to foster a level playing field in the industry. Seventeen companies will fully align their disclosure practices with the pledge by the end of 2017. Many others are moving in the right direction. But the industry still has a long way to go. Well-known brands and retailers like Forever21, Urban Outfitters, Walmart, Primark, and Armani are among those yet to embrace transparency. Garment workers in Bangladesh face poor working conditions and anti-union tactics by employers including assaults on union organizers. In the two years since more than 1,100 workers died in the catastrophic collapse of the Rana Plaza factory on April 24, 2013, efforts are underway to make Bangladesh factories safer, but the government and Western retailers can and should do more to enforce international labor standards to protect workers’ rights, including their right to form unions and advocate for better conditions. Supply chain transparency complements other measures for worker safety and rights like the Bangladesh Accord on Fire and Building Safety. Numerous brands are part of the accord and publish their supplier information. Companies that are reluctant to adopt the Transparency Pledge sometimes claim it is a competitive disadvantage. But increasingly, their competitors are dispelling this myth. Shabana sewed clothes in a Rana Plaza factory. But she and most other workers didn’t know the brands. “Workers should know about brands so they can tell their true stories,” she says. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Refrigerated Display Cases Market Size, Analysis, and Forecast Report 2015-2025 Next PostNext Allied Wallet Expands Globally Even Further to Accept Over 100 Payment Methods Search Recent Posts Oil injection Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2022 United States Portable Grills Market Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2016-2021 Analyze the recent report on United States Airborne Fire Control Radar– Review, 2017 United States Police and Law Enforcement Equipment Market Research and Analysis 2021 High-k and ALD/CVD Metal Precursor Market share worth $965mn by 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content Help us continue to fight human rights abuses. Please give now to support our work العربية 简体中文 English Français Deutsch 日本語 Português Русский Español More Search Donate Now Countries Topics Reports Video & Photos Impact About Join Us Give Now April 24, 2017 12:01AM EDT Dispatches A Message to Global Brands from a Rana Plaza Survivor Companies Pressed to Provide More Information About Suppliers For More Dispatches See Here Print Share Aruna Kashyap Senior Counsel, Women's Rights Division @ajkashy “Sometimes I just can’t sleep without pills. I keep remembering how many people died that day.” Shabana, her name changed to protect her privacy, survived three days buried in the rubble of Rana Plaza, an eight-story building with five garment factories that collapsed in Bangladesh in 2013. Expand Relatives cry for loved ones trapped in the collapsed Rana Plaza building outside Dhaka on April 24, 2013. (c) 2013 Reuters Four years later, Shabana is still struggling to piece her life back together. She has nightmares. Depression hampers her life and ability to work. Setting foot inside a garment factory is unthinkable. She is now a domestic worker. There was barely any publicly available information about the apparel brands that were using the Rana Plaza factories. Activists searched through the rubble for labels and interviewed survivors. For decades, such secrecy has been the norm in the garment industry. While a handful of companies, like Adidas, Nike, Levi’s, Puma, and Patagonia, began publishing details more than a decade ago, others have recently joined. By the end of 2016, at least 29 apparel companies were disclosing some information about their source factories. Yet, company commitments to transparency about supplier information are inconsistent, with widely varying standards for what they choose to disclose. Many brands have held out completely. Last year, a coalition of labor and human rights organizations endorsed the Transparency Pledge, which sets a minimum standard for publishing supply chain information. The coalition contacted 72 apparel and footwear companies, urging them to carry out the pledge. The pledge reflects existing corporate practices on disclosure, and aims to foster a level playing field in the industry. Seventeen companies will fully align their disclosure practices with the pledge by the end of 2017. Many others are moving in the right direction. But the industry still has a long way to go. Well-known brands and retailers like Forever21, Urban Outfitters, Walmart, Primark, and Armani are among those yet to embrace transparency. Garment workers in Bangladesh face poor working conditions and anti-union tactics by employers including assaults on union organizers. In the two years since more than 1,100 workers died in the catastrophic collapse of the Rana Plaza factory on April 24, 2013, efforts are underway to make Bangladesh factories safer, but the government and Western retailers can and should do more to enforce international labor standards to protect workers’ rights, including their right to form unions and advocate for better conditions. Supply chain transparency complements other measures for worker safety and rights like the Bangladesh Accord on Fire and Building Safety. Numerous brands are part of the accord and publish their supplier information. Companies that are reluctant to adopt the Transparency Pledge sometimes claim it is a competitive disadvantage. But increasingly, their competitors are dispelling this myth. Shabana sewed clothes in a Rana Plaza factory. But she and most other workers didn’t know the brands. “Workers should know about brands so they can tell their true stories,” she says.     Region / Country Asia Bangladesh Topic Business Women's Rights More Reading April 23, 2017 News Release China: Don’t Force 8 Refugees Back to North Korea April 23, 2017 News Release Algeria: Inadequate Response to Domestic Violence Reports April 23, 2017 “Your Destiny is to Stay with Him” State Response to Domestic Violence in Algeria April 20, 2017 Follow the Thread The Need for Supply Chain Transparency in the Garment and Footwear Industry Most Popular Viewed April 20, 2017 News Release Russia: Court Bans Jehovah’s Witnesses April 21, 2017 News Release Egypt: Videos Show Army Executions in Sinai April 24, 2017 Daily Brief Xenophobia Reaches Second Round in France: HRW Daily Brief April 21, 2017 Commentary Top Human Rights Tweets of the Week April 23, 2017 News Release China: Don’t Force 8 Refugees Back to North Korea Shared April 18, 2017 News Release Syria: US Mosque Attack Likely Unlawful April 13, 2017 Commentary Chechnya's Gay Purge Should Spark International Action Published in The Guardian April 14, 2017 Commentary The Rights Weekender April 5, 2017 News Release US Ends Funding for Global Women’s Health Agency April 5, 2017 News Release Ethiopia: No Justice in Somali Region Killings Human Rights Watch   Protecting Rights, Saving Lives Human Rights Watch defends the rights of people in 90 countries worldwide, spotlighting abuses and bringing perpetrators to justice Donate Now Sign Up for Our Weekly Newsletter Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Site Map © 2017 Human Rights Watch Human Rights Watch | 350 Fifth Avenue, 34th Floor | New York, NY 10118-3299 USA | t 1.212.290.4700 Help us continue to fight human rights abuses. Please give now to support our work A Message to Global Brands from a Rana Plaza Survivor Print Search Donate Now
Fearless Muckraking Since 1993 Home Articles Recent Articles Magazine Current Issue Back Issues Subscribe Subscriber Access Subscribe Donate Archives Search Authors About JOIN LIST Books T-shirts podcasts FAQs April 24, 2017 From Earth Day to the Monsanto Tribunal, Capitalism on Trial by Colin Todhunter by Tweet Email World Environment Day (WED) occurs on 5 June every year. Promoted by the United Nations, its aim is to encourage global awareness and action for the protection of the environment. Since its inauguration in 1974, WED has helped bring attention to various issues, including global warming, sustainable consumption and wildlife crime. We also have Earth Day, celebrated annually on 22 April. On this day. various events are held across the globe to demonstrate support for environmental protection. Earth Day dates back to 1970. Given the threats to the environment, these two symbolic days in the calendar promote laudable aims. For instance, consider that a range of species are endangered due to poaching and habitat destruction. The scaly anteater is probably the most trafficked mammal on earth. Over a million of these have been taken from the wild in the past decade alone. The illegal trade in live apes is also rife, and many other species across the planet are being trafficked. The vast illegal trade in wildlife products is pushing whole species towards extinction, including elephants, rhinos, big cats, gorillas and sea turtles. Driven by a growing demand for illegally sourced wildlife products, the illicit trade has escalated into a global crisis. Thousands of species are internationally traded and used by people in their daily lives. Former UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has called on UN agencies and various partners to provide a co-ordinated response to wildlife crime and spread the message that there should be zero tolerance for poaching. As part of a wider approach, a strategy is being developed to create greater public awareness of the issue at hand, which will hopefully lead to reduced demand for wildlife products. Palm oil and environmental destruction As commendable as these aims are, however, on their own they will not be enough to save species or their habitat. That’s because the interests of powerful actors must be taken into account and the economic system they perpetuate has to be challenged. For instance, between 2000 and 2009 Indonesia supplied more than half of the global palm oil market at an annual expense of some 340,000 hectares of Indonesian countryside. Planned expansion could wipe out the remaining natural habitat of several endangered species. This is a ludicrous situation considering that Brazil and Indonesia spent over 100 times more in subsidies to industries that cause deforestation than they received in international conservation aid from the UN to prevent it. The two countries gave over $40bn in subsidies to the palm oil, timber, soy, beef and biofuels sectors between 2009 and 2012, some 126 times more than the $346m they received to preserve their rain forests. If we want to see how not to manage the world’s wildlife and natural habitats, we need look no further than India, which is the world’s leading importer of palm oil, accounting for around 15% of the global supply. India imports over two-­thirds of its palm oil from Indonesia. Until the mid-1990s, India was virtually self-sufficient in edible oils. Under pressure from the WTO, import tariffs were reduced, leading to an influx of cheap (subsidised) edible oil imports that domestic farmers could not compete with. This was a deliberate policy that effectively devastated the home-grown edible oils sector (see this) and served the interests of palm oil growers and US grain and agriculture commodity company Cargill, which helped write international trade rules to secure access to the Indian market on its terms. Indonesia leads the world in global palm oil production, but palm oil plantations have too often replaced tropical forests, leading to the killing of endangered species and the uprooting of local communities as well as contributing to the release of climate-changing gases (see this analysis). Indonesia emits more greenhouse gases than any country besides China and the US and that’s largely due to the production of palm oil. The issue of palm oil is one example from the many that could be provided to highlight how the drive to facilitate corporate need and profit trumps any notion of environmental protection. Whether it is in Indonesia, Latin America or elsewhere, transnational agribusiness – and the system of industrialised agriculture it promotes – fuels much of the environmental destruction we see today. Without addressing the impacts and nature of corporate imperialism and a wholly corrupt neoliberal capitalism that privileges corporations and profit ahead of people and conservation, Earth Day or World Environment Day will continue to send out a valuable message but will have minimal impact. The devastating nature of chemical-intensive industrial farming, its geopolitical role and its massive environmental, social and health costs has been highlighted at length in previous article I’ve written. There is no need to go over this again here. But one of the guilty parties which perpetuates this model of agriculture is of course Monsanto. The Monsanto Tribunal Earth Day came a few days after the legal opinion offered by the five international judges who presided over the Monsanto Tribunal in The Hague. The judges concluded that Monsanto has engaged in practices that have impinged on the basic human right to a healthy environment, the right to food and the right to health. Monsanto’s conduct also has had a negative impact on the right of scientists to freely conduct indispensable research. The judges additionally concluded that a gap remains between the commitments and the reality of environmental protection. The Tribunal concluded that if ecocide were formally recognised as a crime in international criminal law, the activities of Monsanto could possibly constitute a crime of ecocide too. The Tribunal called for the need to assert the primacy of international human and environmental rights law. However, it was also careful to note that an existing set of legal rules is currently in place to protect investors’ rights in the framework of the World Trade Organization and in bilateral investment treaties and in clauses in free-trade agreements. These provisions undermine the capacity of nations to maintain policies, laws and practices protecting human and environmental rights, not least because key questions of human and environmental rights violations are to be resolved by private tribunals operating entirely outside the United Nations framework and the legal systems of nation states (see ‘Clear and Present Danger to Democracy‘, which highlights the disturbing shift in power as a result of investor trade dispute settlement provisions written into trade and investment agreements). The Tribunal denounced the severe disparity between the rights of multinational corporations and their obligations. Capitalism on trial While the Monsanto Tribunal saw that company being put on trial and being found guilty of human rights violations, including crimes against the environment, in a sense we also witnessed global capitalism on trial. Monsanto and other powerful corporations can only operate as they do because of a framework designed to allow them to capture governments and regulatory bodies, to use the WTO and bilateral trade deals to lever global influence, to profit on the back of US militarism (Iraq) and destabilisations (Ukraine), to exert undue influence over science and politics and to rake in enormous profits. The World Bank’s ‘Enabling the Business of Agriculture’ and its ongoing commitment to a wholly corrupt and rigged model of globalisation is a further recipe for plunder, corruption and the concentration of power and wealth in the hands of the few. Whether it involves Monsanto, Cargill or the type of corporate power grab of African agriculture that Bill Gates is helping to spearhead, global capitalism (under the project of ‘globalisation’) will continue to ensure this happens while hiding behind platitudes about ‘free trade’ and ‘development’. Brazil and Indonesia are subsidising private corporations to effectively destroy the environment through their practices. Canada and the UK are working with the GMO biotech sector to facilitate its needs. And India is facilitating the destruction of its agrarian base according to World Bank directives for the benefit of the likes of Monsanto, Bayer and Cargill. “The Indo-US Knowledge Initiative in Agriculture with agribusinesses like Monsanto, WalMart, Archer Daniels Midland, Cargill and ITC in its Board made efforts to turn the direction of agricultural research and policy in such a manner as to cater their demands for profit maximisation. Companies like Monsanto during the Vietnam War produced tonnes and tonnes of “Agent Orange” unmindful of its consequences for Vietnamese people as it raked in super profits and that character remains.” Communist Party of India (Marxist) These powerful corporations increasingly hold sway over a globalised system of food and agriculture from seed to plate. And with major mergers within the agribusiness sector in the pipeline, power will be further monopolised and the situation is likely to worsen. The overall narrative about farming has been shaped to benefit the interests of this handful of wealthy, politically influential corporations whereby commercial interest trumps any notion of the public good. We require transparency, accountability and a system of decision making that does not take place within the overbearing shadow of commercial influence. However, in capitalism, the state’s primary role is to secure the interests of private capital. The institutions of globalised capitalism – from the World Bank, the IMF and the WTO right down to the compliant bureaucracies of national states or supranational unions – facilitate private wealth accumulation that results in the forms of structural inequalities and violence (unemployment, poverty, population displacement, bad food, poor health, environmental destruction, etc.) that have become ‘accepted’ as necessary (for ‘growth’) and taken for granted within mainstream media and political narratives. When referring to Western countries, those narratives like to use the euphemism ‘austerity’ for deregulation, privatisation and gross inequalities and hardship, while hiding being the mantra ‘there is no alternative’. When referring to places like India or Africa, they use the euphemism ‘assisting development’ for corporate imperialism, while hiding behind the term ‘investing in’. In the cynical world of ‘free’ market capitalism, an interlocking directorate of corporate interests have for a long time ensured that state institutions and international bodies are shaped and manipulated to facilitate the interests of private capital. If the current myths about the necessity for perpetuating the stranglehold of capitalism go unchallenged and real alternatives are not offered or supported, we will see accelerated environmental destruction and human rights violations by powerful private interests and a dangerous march towards increasing militarism and possible nuclear conflict as a moribund capitalism approaches its ultimate crisis. Join the debate on Facebook Colin Todhunter is an extensively published independent writer and former social policy researcher based in the UK and India. More articles by:Colin Todhunter next - Why Is There So Little Popular Protest Against Today’s Threats of Nuclear War?, previous - Teacher’s Out in Front, CounterPunch Magazine Subscribe! 36 Pages, 6 Times a Year April 24, 2017 Mike Whitney Is Mad Dog Planning to Invade East Syria?     John Steppling Puritan Jackals Robert Hunziker America’s Tale of Two Cities, Redux David Jaffe The Republican Party and the ‘Lunatic Right’ John Davis No Tomorrow or Fashion-Forward Patrick Cockburn Treating Mental Health Patients as Criminals Jack Dresser An Accelerating Palestine Rights Movement Faces Uncertain Direction George Wuerthner Diet for a Warming Planet Lawrence Wittner Why Is There So Little Popular Protest Against Today’s Threats of Nuclear War? Colin Todhunter From Earth Day to the Monsanto Tribunal, Capitalism on Trial Paul Bentley Teacher’s Out in Front Franklin Lamb A Post-Christian Middle East With or Without ISIS? Kevin Martin We Just Paid our Taxes — are They Making the U.S. and the World Safer? Erik Mears Education Reformers Lowered Teachers’ Salaries, While Promising to Raise Them Binoy Kampmark Fleeing the Ratpac: James Packer, Gambling and Hollywood Weekend Edition April 21, 2017 Friday - Sunday Diana Johnstone The Main Issue in the French Presidential Election: National Sovereignty Paul Street Donald Trump: Ruling Class President Jeffrey St. Clair Roaming Charges: Dude, Where’s My War? Andrew Levine If You Can’t Beat ‘Em, Join ‘Em Paul Atwood Why Does North Korea Want Nukes? Robert Hunziker Trump and Global Warming Destroy Rivers Vijay Prashad Turkey, After the Referendum Binoy Kampmark Trump, the DOJ and Julian Assange CJ Hopkins The President Formerly Known as Hitler Steve Reyna Replacing Lady Liberty: Trump and the American Way Lucy Steigerwald Stop Suggesting Mandatory National Service as a Fix for America’s Problems Robert Fisk It is Not Just Assad Who is “Responsible” for the Rise of ISIS John Laforge “Strike Two” Against Canadian Radioactive Waste Dumpsite Proposal Norman Solomon The Democratic Party’s Anti-Bernie Elites Have a Huge Stake in Blaming Russia Andrew Stewart Can We Finally Get Over Bernie Sanders? Susan Babbitt Don’t Raise Liberalism From the Dead (If It is Dead, Which It’s Not) Uri Avnery Palestine’s Nelson Mandela Fred Nagel It’s “Deep State” Time Again John Feffer The Hunger President Stephen Cooper Nothing is Fair About Alabama’s “Fair Justice Act” Jack Swallow Why Science Should Be Political Chuck Collins Congrats, Graduates! Here’s Your Diploma and Debt Aidan O'Brien While God Blesses America, Prometheus Protects Syria, Russia and North Korea  Patrick Hiller Get Real About Preventing War David Rosen Fiction, Fake News and Trump’s Sexual Politics Evan Jones Macron of France: Chauncey Gardiner for President! David Macaray Adventures in Labor Contract Language Ron Jacobs The Music Never Stopped Kim Scipes Black Subjugation in America Sean Stinson MOAB: More Obama and Bush CounterPunch Tells the Facts and Names the Names Published since 1996 Copyright © CounterPunch All rights reserved. counterpunch@counterpunch.org Mailing Address CounterPunch PO Box 228 Petrolia, CA 95558 Telephone 1(707) 629-3683 or 1(800) 840-3683 Editorial Jeffrey St. Clair, Editor Joshua Frank, Managing Editor Nathaniel St. Clair, Social Media Alexander Cockburn, 1941-2012 Business Becky Grant Business Manager counterpunchbiz@gmail.com Deva Wheeler Subscription and merchandise fulfillment counterpunchdeva@gmail.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. MENU Home Donate Donate via Paypal Search Recent Articles Top Stories Podcasts Subscribe Magazine – Current Issue Books Store Archives FAQs
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling Market Outlook 2020: Top Companies, Trends and Growth Factors Details for Business Development Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling Market Research Report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling Industry for 2016-2020. Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling Market, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years and discussion of the key vendors effective in this market. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling globally. For further information on this report, please visit- http://www.marketreportsworld.com/10293219 The report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors. The study was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the industry. Following Companies Are Key Players of the Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling Market: Applied Robotics SAS Automation ATI Industrial Automation Robotiq Other Prominent Vendors of Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling Market Are: ASS End of Arm Tooling Bastian Solutions EMI DESTACO Vacucom Robo-Tool FIPA Schunk Festo IPR Robotics Pneubotics Soft Robotics Motion Control Robotics Research Expert’s commented on the report: “The latest trend gaining momentum in the market is increase of robotic implementation in e-commerce industry. Growing online shopping has boosted the growth of the e-commerce sector over the last decade, especially in developing countries such as India where the government is focusing on smart cities and digital nation. The major e-commerce retailers such as the Amazon, Apple, Dell, and Walmart are struggling to adapt the fulfillment needs of the growing online ordering and delivering. Thus, they have started embodying smart robotics technology in the warehouse and delivering operations.” Ask Sample PDF of Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling Market Report @ http://www.marketreportsworld.com/enquiry/request-sample/10293219   According to the report, one of the major drivers for this market is growth in popularity of cobots. Traditionally, industrial robots used in packaging applications were kept behind barriers or cages to prevent contact from humans by accident. To ensure safety, multiple safety measures regulate the use of these robots, such as restricting their motion to the human-free territory with safety interlocks that halt the robot’s movements when humans enter those zones. Report also presents Geographical Segmentation analysis of Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling Market of Americas, APAC, EMEA region.   For Any Query, Contact Our Expert @ http://www.marketreportsworld.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10293219 Further, the report states that one of the major factors hindering the growth of this market is high initial cost of robotic implementation. The high initial cost of robots and their implementation is a major challenge restricting the growth of the global robotic EOAT market. Plant automation will include industrial robot price; peripheral equipment such as sensors, safety barriers, programmable logic controller (PLCs), human machine interface (HMIs), and safety systems; and engineering costs such as programming, installation, commissioning. Key questions answered in Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling market report: What will the Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling market size be in 2020 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling market? What are the challenges to Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling market growth? Who are the key vendors in Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors?   No of Pages: 61 Price of Report: $ 2500 (Single User License) Get Report @ http://www.marketreportsworld.com/purchase/10293219 CategoriesUncategorized TagsGoogle News, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Industry, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Industry forecast, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Industry growth, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Industry shares, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Industry size, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Market, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Market Analysis, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Market Growth, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Market shares, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Market Size, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Market Trends, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Deep Analysis on Reed Switch Market: Application and Regional Growth Forecast 2022 Next PostNext Global Bitumen Market Poised to Bring in US$ 94,748.2 Million by 2022 Search Recent Posts Oil injection Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2022 United States Portable Grills Market Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2016-2021 Analyze the recent report on United States Airborne Fire Control Radar– Review, 2017 United States Police and Law Enforcement Equipment Market Research and Analysis 2021 High-k and ALD/CVD Metal Precursor Market share worth $965mn by 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Wax Melts Market Analysis, Price Trends & Forecast 2017-2024 Wax Melts Market demand in air ambiance usage and hygiene is anticipated to flourish in residential and commercial buildings including offices, shopping malls, residential houses and market complexes. The availability of several types of fragrances coupled with attractive packaging is also an additional growth factor. These products are safer and environmental friendly as compared to substitutes due to absence of unfavorable emissions and exposed flames which causes various health issues. Detailed table of contents of this research report@ www.gminsights.com/request-toc/upcoming/1454 Wax Melts Market size is anticipated to witness a surge in demand owing to its advancement in fragrance’s longevity. It is cheaper against numerous alternatives including room fresheners, scented candles and reed diffusers. These are manufactured using soy, paraffin, palm, bees and few blends including para soy. Various type of fragrances available in wax melts market includes chocolate, vanilla, sandalwood, jasmine and lavender, which helps to attract customers with frequent changing preferences. Swings in petroleum prices, especially crude oil, is projected to impact the prices of paraffin mixtures, the main product ingredients. Wax melts market growth is generally governed by increasing demand of emulsions as a major manufacturing ingredient in the form of an oil in water emulsion. This development provides an outstanding impact on several product processing and formulations and further providing numerous technical applications in textile, paper and glass making industry. In addition, subsequent increase in demand of paint, coatings, adhesives and sealants foster the wax melts market demand. Rising demand of aromatherapy propelled by increasing usage of specialized essential oil based products in UK is projecting the country as the largest wax melts market in the region In 2015, North America was the dominant market player accounting for more than half of the global wax melts market. Growing regional demand of aromatherapy and air care owing to increase in public awareness related to health and environmental concerns including harmful usage of aerosol sprays moreover adds up to promotion and productive of these products. Inquire about to purchase this research report@ www.gminsights.com/inquiry-before-buying/1454 In Asia Pacific region, China tends to lead wax melts market owing to a significant rise in consumers’ willingness to enhance their home ambience. Wax melts market is fragmented into various large and small manufacturers. Major large manufacturers are present in Europe and North America, some of the industry players are Yankee Candle, Scensei, S.C. Johnson, Reckitt Benckiser, Walmart, Rimports Limited, Scentsy, Michaels, Candles by Victoria, AFFCO and East Coast Candles. About Global Market Insights: Global Market Insights, Inc., headquartered in Delaware, U.S., is a global market research and consulting service provider; offering syndicated and custom research reports along with growth consulting services. Our business intelligence and industry research reports offer clients with penetrative insights and actionable market data specially designed and presented to aid strategic decision making. These exhaustive reports are designed via a proprietary research methodology and are available for key industries such as chemicals, advanced materials, technology, renewable energy and biotechnology. Contact us: Arun Hegde Corporate Sales, USA Global Market Insights, Inc. Phone:1-302-846-7766 Toll Free: 1-888-689-0688 Email: sales@gminsights.com Web: www.gminsights.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Trending Report of Hemodialysis Machine Market – Drivers, Strategies, Applications and Competitive Landscape 2021 Next PostNext Ovarian Cancer Market Poised to Expand at a Robust Pace by 2021 Search Recent Posts Oil injection Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2022 United States Portable Grills Market Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2016-2021 Analyze the recent report on United States Airborne Fire Control Radar– Review, 2017 United States Police and Law Enforcement Equipment Market Research and Analysis 2021 High-k and ALD/CVD Metal Precursor Market share worth $965mn by 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
Current Weather 55.0° Fair Forecast Subscriber Services Sections News News Home Local State Nation and World Community Lifestyle eEdition Sports Sports Home Preps Professional Bears Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest College Records Obituaries Births Police/Fire Birthdays Corrections Opinion Opinion Home Cartoons Editorials Letters Columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Home Books Deals Eat/Drink Events Movies Music Sauk Scene Technology Television The List Travel Share Submit an Event Contact Us About Us Advertise Deals Business Showcase Contact Contests Coupons e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Forms Get Newsletter Photos Planit Sauk Valley Public Notices Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads txtAlerts Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Video Weather More Pro Football Weekly Video News Video Live Video Cars815.com Public Notices Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Submit Your Event Market Place Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Digital Access Access saukvalley.com from all your digital devices and receive breaking news and updates from around the area. Sign InSubscribe Home Delivery Local news, prep sports, Chicago sports, local and regional entertainment, business, home and lifestyle, food, classified and more! News you use every day! Daily, Daily including the e-Edition or e-Edition only. Subscribe Text Alerts Choose your news! Select the text alerts you want to receive: breaking news, prep sports scores, school closings, weather, and more. Text alerts are a free service from SaukValley.com, but text rates may apply. Sign Up Email Newsletters We'll deliver news & updates to your inbox. Sign up for free e-newsletters today. Sign Up Online Newspaper Log In SectionsSubscribe Local Family rolls up its sleeves in the fight against MS Mom isn’t the only one doing her part to fight MS; her daughters have some skin in the game, too BY PHILLIP HARTMAN phartman@saukvalley.com 815-625-3600, ext. 5525 @phartman19 3:58 pm Philip Marruffo/pmarruffo@saukvalley.com Caption Kalin Pierce of Sleeve Weasels in Morrison, works on a tattoo on Cyndi Benhart's shoulder Saturday as her daughter, Danielle Basley, looks on. Cyndi and her daughters got tattoos to show their support for the fight against multiple sclerosis, which Cyndi was diagnosed with in 2002. Philip Marruffo/pmarruffo@saukvalley.com Caption As Deena Lander gets a tattoo Saturday afternoon at Sleeve Weasels in Morrison, her mom, Cyndi Benhart (back, left) and sister Danielle Balsley chat. The family members got tattoos to show their support for the fight against multiple sclerosis, which Cyndi was diagnosed with in 2002. Philip Marruffo/pmarruffo@saukvalley.com Caption Cyndi Benhart looks over the outline of her tattoo Saturday at Sleeve Weasels in Morrison. Philip Marruffo/pmarruffo@saukvalley.com Caption Deena Lander shows off her tattoo Saturday at Sleeve Weasels in Morrison. Deena got an orange MS ribbon to show her support for her mom's fight against multiple sclerosis. Photo submitted Caption Cyndi Barnhart's finished tattoo features a monarch butterfly with an orange ribbon. Orange is the color of multiple sclerosis awareness, like pink is the color for breast cancer awareness. Photo submitted Caption Danielle Balsley got an orange ribbon tattoo with stars. ROCK FALLS – When it comes to Cyndi Benhart’s family, ink is thicker than water. That’s why her daughters decided to do more than just walk the walk to show that they stand by their mom in her fight against MS. When Benhart’s daughters decided to take part in the Walk MS fundraiser on May 7 in Rockford, they wanted to come up with a way to show their solidarity with Mom. So, they all decided to get ink together. Benhart, 58, of Rock Falls was diagnosed in 2002 with primary progressive multiple sclerosis, and is undergoing treatment. She's dealing with memory problems and fatigue, and can no longer work. Her team, Cyndi's Warriors, is working to raise $5,000 for research and assistance for MS patients. "Most of my symptoms are internal, cognitive. I can't remember," Benhart said Saturday in the waiting area at Sleeve Weasels in Morrison, where her daughters were getting ready for their tattoos.  Daughter Deena Lander, 29, of Bloomington, got hers first – an orange MS ribbon with stars on her right shoulder from tattoo artist Kalin Pierce. Deena’s sister, Danielle Balsley, 30, of Sterling was next, with a similar tattoo. The three joked with each other and their mother as Pierce worked.  Saturday's tattoos were the ninth for Lander and the sixth for Balsley, while Benhart’s skin art was her second – and it won’t be the last time she finds herself under a needle.  As part of her routine of dealing with MS, she has to give herself shots. She also sees a neurologist in Northbrook three or four times a year. Benhart can still watch her grandchildren, and gets help from her boyfriend, Wes Stern. But sometimes, it can still be tough. "I can't walk through Walmart without getting tired. I have a cane in the car if I need it,” she said. Despite all that, Benhart still manages to keep things in perspective. “I do consider myself quite lucky," she said. It hasn’t always been easy, though. Benhart went to Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, for her diagnosis, and was there for more than a week. "There was a sense of loss. I cried, then I got mad. Then, I said, 'I have MS, but it doesn't have me. It's not going to be who I am,'" she said. Benhart won't actually walk at the fundraiser, but will help with the events. Her daughters said they'll probably walk. As the stars took shape on Lander's shoulder, her mother asked her how she was doing. "It's a little tender," Lander said. As Pierce’s tattoo equipment continued to hum and “Suicide Squad” played on a TV in the background, the sisters discussed their children's movie choices and other topics. Eventually, Lander's stars and ribbon were complete, and Pierce covered the artwork with plastic. Next, it was Benhart's turn, and she adjusted her shirt to let Pierce start work on her shoulder. . Benhart's choice was a monarch butterfly with a ribbon, and Pierce started outlining the butterfly before filling in the details. Balsley asked Pierce whether the shop had family groups come in, and he said they did. Meanwhile, the movie switched over to “The Magnificent Seven,” while the butterfly was colored in. By the time the corrupt sheriff was run out of town, Benhart's tattoo was complete. "It's pretty, very pretty," Benhart said, checking out her new tattoo in the mirror as Balsley took a cellphone photo of it. TO DONATE Those interested in contributing to the walk can go to mswalk.com and search for Cyndi's Warriors or Cyndi Benhart. Footprint-shaped pledge sheets are available at Community State Bank, 1801 First Ave., Rock Falls, and 3210 E. Lincolnway, Sterling. Donors can write their name and pledge on the sheet and turn it back in at the bank. Donations will be accepted until June 6. Related Links Seeing how their garden – and butterfly population – grows East Second in Rock Falls will close Thursday for hydro plant work Applicants wanted for Rock Falls library board Cleanup time on the canal Family rolls up its sleeves in the fight against MS Tweets from https://twitter.com/saukvalley/lists/svm-news-sports-staff Reader Poll Do you agree with President Trump ordering a missile attack against Syria in the aftermath of Syria’s apparent use of chemical weapons against its own people? Yes No Not sure No opinion Vote!Show results AboutContactSubscribe Privacy PolicyEditorial Principles Today's AdsCareersCopyright © 2017 SaukValley.com. All rights reserved. Published in Sterling, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. FacebookTwitterCommentsEmailPrintMore Google+RedditPinterestTumblr
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 24-28, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of April 24-28, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – On Friday night, northbound traffic will be shifted to the two outside lanes beginning at 9 p.m. and the inside lane will be closed to traffic. This shift will allow the contractor to complete work in the median strip. Motorists traveling that section of Route 29 between 9 p.m. Friday and 6 a.m. Saturday should anticipate congestion and brief delays due to the traffic switch and associated work to restripe the pavement and realign traffic signal heads. Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane will be closed between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. on Tuesday and Wednesday while formwork is removed from the Berkmar Drive bridge. During the closure, residential and business entrances on Rio Mills Road can be accessed from Earlysville Road. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. (UPDATE) Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org. (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious STAY ALERT FOR HARRISON ROAD TRAFFIC SHIFT WEDNESDAY – Eastbound Harrison Road traffic, west of Route 1, will move onto new pavement on Wednesday, April 12 Next PostNext TRAFFIC ALERT: 10th STREET CLOSURE IN ROANOKE SCHEDULED BETWEEN WILLAMSON ROAD AND ROUND HILL AVENUE BETWEEN WILLAMSON ROAD AND ROUND HILL AVENUE – Utility work is part of second 10th Street project Search Recent Posts Medical Illumination Systems Market 2017 – MTI, Amico, STERIS, Meditek, Mindray, Dixion, Apexx, Klsmartin, Merivaara, Medical Illumination, Stryker Medium Silica Zeolite Market 2017 – BASF, Zeolyst, Clariant, Bear River, Zeochem AG, UOP (Honeywell), W. R. Grace, CECA (Arkema), Tosoh Corporation Packaging Foams Market 2017 – JSP, Arkema, Total, Recticel, BASF SE, Sealed Air, Synthos S.A., Armacell LLC, Borealis AG, Zotefoams PLC Mizuho and Nomura Are Tied at No. 1 on Institutional Investor’s Team Based All-Japan Research Team Multiplexer Market 2017 – NEC, Huawei, Cisco, Nokia, Ciena, Evertz, Ariatech, Corning, Fiberail, Infinera, Fujitsu, Adva Optical, ZTE Corp Proudly powered by WordPress
null
Toggle navigation Celebrities Entertainment Lifestyle Relationships Fashion & Beauty Video Discussion Board Competitions Shopping You are Here : Home Celebrities Celebrity News Scott Baio pays tribute to Erin Moran Scott Baio paid tribute to his 'Happy Days' co-star Erin Moran after she was found dead at the age of just 56. STUMBLE SHARE SHARE TWEET PIN 23 April 2017 Scott Baio has paid tribute to Erin Moran. Erin Moran The 56-year-old actor's former 'Happy Days' and 'Joanie Loves Chachi' co-star - who Scott also dated - was found dead in the trailer she shared with her husband and mother-in-law in Corydon, Indiana, over the weekend, and Scott took to Facebook to remember her. He wrote: "May people remember Erin for her contagious smile, warm heart, and animal loving soul. I always hoped she could find peace in her life. God has you now, Erin (sic)." Scott also tweeted: "My sincere condolences. #ErinMoran #HappyDaysFamily (sic)." Scott played Charles 'Chachi' Arcola opposite Erin as Joanie Cunningham in 'Happy Days' and 'Joanie Loves Chachi'. Meanwhile, it was been claimed that Erin, 56, had become reclusive in recent months. David Holt, who lived near the actress and her family, told PEOPLE: "I used to see her all the time, walking up to get the mail or just out for a stroll. She always waved or stopped to say hello. But I hadn't seen her for a couple of months. She kind of hibernated at the end. It's so sad. She was a good person." Erin married Walmart employee Steve Fleischmann in 1993 and the couple moved into his mother's trailer in 2011. Erin's publicist explained in 2012: "Erin and her husband did in fact move in with her ailing mother-in-law over a year ago. They are helping take care of her, as any loving family would do." Before they moved to Indiana, TMZ obtained documents showing that her home in Palmdale, California, had been foreclosed on. Tagged in Ron Howard Henry Winkler STUMBLE SHARE SHARE TWEET PIN Videos Competitions Win A Pair Of Tickets To A Special Fan... Win A Copy Of The Pyramid Texts On iTunes Win A Copy Of Away On DVD Win A Signed Sergio Aguero Shirt Win Two Tickets To Madame Tussauds in... Win A Copy Of Broadchurch Series 3 On... Win A Copy Of Catfight On DVD Most Popular Erin Moran died of stage 4 cancer Ron Howard doesn't want Happy Days reboot Stars pay tribute to Erin Moran Hot Articles Erin Moran died of stage 4 cancer Serena Williams writes letter to unborn... Stars pay tribute to Erin Moran Big Brother Canada Exit Interview – Sindy... 10 Things You Never Knew About Narcissistic... Big Brother Canada Exit Interview – Neda... Agony Aunts Please type a name Please type a valid email address Please type a question Ask Yin & Yang Staff Picks Game of Thrones: Why should Daenerys Targaryen sit on The Iron Throne? Sherrie Hewson quits Loose Women Colton Haynes returning to Arrow early in season 5 LGBT representation in television - Are we moving forward? See the cast of Ordinary Lies series 2 in new first look image Kelvin Fletcher leaving Emmerdale Fashion & Beauty Fashion & Beauty Lingerie Entertainment Movies Music TV & Soaps Competitions Books Sport Horoscopes Bizarre Culture Lifestyle Health Food & Drink Parenting Vegan Dream Interpretation Motoring Relationships Relationships Sex Agony Aunt Weddings Horoscopes Celebrities Celebrity News Interviews Royal Family Videos Showbiz (DE) Videos Celebrity Videos Interviews Movies Exclusives Shopping Gift Guide Lingerie News and Sport News and Views Debate Contact Us Advertise Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © 2017 FemaleFirst Ltd. all rights reserved. duration : 0.24776s v4.2 - 2017-04-25 07:18:10
Current Weather 55.0° Fair Forecast Subscriber Services Sections News News Home Local State Nation and World Community Lifestyle eEdition Sports Sports Home Preps Professional Bears Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest College Records Obituaries Births Police/Fire Birthdays Corrections Opinion Opinion Home Cartoons Editorials Letters Columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Home Books Deals Eat/Drink Events Movies Music Sauk Scene Technology Television The List Travel Share Submit an Event Contact Us About Us Advertise Deals Business Showcase Contact Contests Coupons e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Forms Get Newsletter Photos Planit Sauk Valley Public Notices Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads txtAlerts Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Video Weather More Pro Football Weekly Video News Video Live Video Cars815.com Public Notices Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Submit Your Event Market Place Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Digital Access Access saukvalley.com from all your digital devices and receive breaking news and updates from around the area. Sign InSubscribe Home Delivery Local news, prep sports, Chicago sports, local and regional entertainment, business, home and lifestyle, food, classified and more! News you use every day! Daily, Daily including the e-Edition or e-Edition only. Subscribe Text Alerts Choose your news! Select the text alerts you want to receive: breaking news, prep sports scores, school closings, weather, and more. Text alerts are a free service from SaukValley.com, but text rates may apply. Sign Up Email Newsletters We'll deliver news & updates to your inbox. Sign up for free e-newsletters today. Sign Up Online Newspaper Log In SectionsSubscribe Local Family rolls up its sleeves in the fight against MS Mom isn’t the only one doing her part to fight MS; her daughters have some skin in the game, too BY PHILLIP HARTMAN phartman@saukvalley.com 815-625-3600, ext. 5525 @phartman19 3:58 pm Philip Marruffo/pmarruffo@saukvalley.com Caption Kalin Pierce of Sleeve Weasels in Morrison, works on a tattoo on Cyndi Benhart's shoulder Saturday as her daughter, Danielle Basley, looks on. Cyndi and her daughters got tattoos to show their support for the fight against multiple sclerosis, which Cyndi was diagnosed with in 2002. Philip Marruffo/pmarruffo@saukvalley.com Caption As Deena Lander gets a tattoo Saturday afternoon at Sleeve Weasels in Morrison, her mom, Cyndi Benhart (back, left) and sister Danielle Balsley chat. The family members got tattoos to show their support for the fight against multiple sclerosis, which Cyndi was diagnosed with in 2002. Philip Marruffo/pmarruffo@saukvalley.com Caption Cyndi Benhart looks over the outline of her tattoo Saturday at Sleeve Weasels in Morrison. Philip Marruffo/pmarruffo@saukvalley.com Caption Deena Lander shows off her tattoo Saturday at Sleeve Weasels in Morrison. Deena got an orange MS ribbon to show her support for her mom's fight against multiple sclerosis. Photo submitted Caption Cyndi Barnhart's finished tattoo features a monarch butterfly with an orange ribbon. Orange is the color of multiple sclerosis awareness, like pink is the color for breast cancer awareness. Photo submitted Caption Danielle Balsley got an orange ribbon tattoo with stars. ROCK FALLS – When it comes to Cyndi Benhart’s family, ink is thicker than water. That’s why her daughters decided to do more than just walk the walk to show that they stand by their mom in her fight against MS. When Benhart’s daughters decided to take part in the Walk MS fundraiser on May 7 in Rockford, they wanted to come up with a way to show their solidarity with Mom. So, they all decided to get ink together. Benhart, 58, of Rock Falls was diagnosed in 2002 with primary progressive multiple sclerosis, and is undergoing treatment. She's dealing with memory problems and fatigue, and can no longer work. Her team, Cyndi's Warriors, is working to raise $5,000 for research and assistance for MS patients. "Most of my symptoms are internal, cognitive. I can't remember," Benhart said Saturday in the waiting area at Sleeve Weasels in Morrison, where her daughters were getting ready for their tattoos.  Daughter Deena Lander, 29, of Bloomington, got hers first – an orange MS ribbon with stars on her right shoulder from tattoo artist Kalin Pierce. Deena’s sister, Danielle Balsley, 30, of Sterling was next, with a similar tattoo. The three joked with each other and their mother as Pierce worked.  Saturday's tattoos were the ninth for Lander and the sixth for Balsley, while Benhart’s skin art was her second – and it won’t be the last time she finds herself under a needle.  As part of her routine of dealing with MS, she has to give herself shots. She also sees a neurologist in Northbrook three or four times a year. Benhart can still watch her grandchildren, and gets help from her boyfriend, Wes Stern. But sometimes, it can still be tough. "I can't walk through Walmart without getting tired. I have a cane in the car if I need it,” she said. Despite all that, Benhart still manages to keep things in perspective. “I do consider myself quite lucky," she said. It hasn’t always been easy, though. Benhart went to Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, for her diagnosis, and was there for more than a week. "There was a sense of loss. I cried, then I got mad. Then, I said, 'I have MS, but it doesn't have me. It's not going to be who I am,'" she said. Benhart won't actually walk at the fundraiser, but will help with the events. Her daughters said they'll probably walk. As the stars took shape on Lander's shoulder, her mother asked her how she was doing. "It's a little tender," Lander said. As Pierce’s tattoo equipment continued to hum and “Suicide Squad” played on a TV in the background, the sisters discussed their children's movie choices and other topics. Eventually, Lander's stars and ribbon were complete, and Pierce covered the artwork with plastic. Next, it was Benhart's turn, and she adjusted her shirt to let Pierce start work on her shoulder. . Benhart's choice was a monarch butterfly with a ribbon, and Pierce started outlining the butterfly before filling in the details. Balsley asked Pierce whether the shop had family groups come in, and he said they did. Meanwhile, the movie switched over to “The Magnificent Seven,” while the butterfly was colored in. By the time the corrupt sheriff was run out of town, Benhart's tattoo was complete. "It's pretty, very pretty," Benhart said, checking out her new tattoo in the mirror as Balsley took a cellphone photo of it. TO DONATE Those interested in contributing to the walk can go to mswalk.com and search for Cyndi's Warriors or Cyndi Benhart. Footprint-shaped pledge sheets are available at Community State Bank, 1801 First Ave., Rock Falls, and 3210 E. Lincolnway, Sterling. Donors can write their name and pledge on the sheet and turn it back in at the bank. Donations will be accepted until June 6. Related Links Seeing how their garden – and butterfly population – grows East Second in Rock Falls will close Thursday for hydro plant work Applicants wanted for Rock Falls library board Cleanup time on the canal Family rolls up its sleeves in the fight against MS Tweets from https://twitter.com/saukvalley/lists/svm-news-sports-staff Reader Poll Do you agree with President Trump ordering a missile attack against Syria in the aftermath of Syria’s apparent use of chemical weapons against its own people? Yes No Not sure No opinion Vote!Show results AboutContactSubscribe Privacy PolicyEditorial Principles Today's AdsCareersCopyright © 2017 SaukValley.com. All rights reserved. Published in Sterling, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. FacebookTwitterCommentsEmailPrintMore Google+RedditPinterestTumblr
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Aaron Hernandez’s fiancee wants copies of suicide notes before funeral service is held Photos from Aaron Hernandez’s funeral Aaron Hernandez’s funeral held in Conn. After a first-round exit, it’s time to assess the Bruins roster Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Harvard Business School’s annual contest for entrepreneurs is a case study unto itself E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Aram Boghosian for The Boston Globe A researcher holds silk cocoons at Vaxess in the Harvard iLab in Allston. By Adam Vaccaro Globe Staff  April 25, 2017 A dozen early-stage startups on Tuesday will make their case for why they should receive $75,000 and, perhaps more importantly, a whole lot of attention from the venture capital world. Those are the rewards of the annual Harvard Business School New Venture Competition, which this year celebrates its 20th anniversary. To mark the anniversary, the Globe looked back at some notable participants in the competition. Advertisement One early winner’s business grew fast after the competition, but was humbled by the dot-com bust. A more recent victor’s potentially important product hasn’t gotten out of the development stage. Those who fell short of the top prize are also illustrative of the contest’s history, including its founder, who went on to work in venture capital, and a company that was ridiculed by the contest’s judges but has since raised more than $150 million. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here This year’s finalists include companies making bug spray that can last for days, wearable devices for women meant to guard against sexual assault, accessories to make football helmets safer, and an app that lets anybody with a car ship packages. Throughout the school year, the judges, who include Harvard faculty, venture capitalists, and entrepreneurs, have whittled nearly 300 entrants to just 12. The contest ends Tuesday night, producing three winners — one each from sub-categories added over the past two decades. The most straightforward category is open to any proposed business that includes at least one active HBS student as a founder. There’s also a category for alumni that requires competitors to have at least one HBS graduate on their executive team. Finally, companies in the “social enterprise” competition must focus on solving a major social issue. The winners, as decided by the judges, will each get $75,000, up from $50,000 last year. Advertisement Past winners and finalists have focused on fertility issues, ride-hailing in Asia and South America, and using Internet-connected devices to improve 911 emergency services. Some have grown to become well-funded companies, while others no longer exist. Harvard wasn’t the first school with this kind of contest; the Massachusetts Institute of Technology’s pitching competition, for example, is closing in on 30 years of history. Nor is the contest the only one at Harvard, which since 2011 has held the President’s Innovation Challenge for the entire student body. But each year, the HBS competition provides a fairly public look at some of the ideas bubbling up at one of the top business schools. And the two-decade mark offers a chance to look back at some of the companies that have been born out of it. A dubious distinction A few years back, Michael Schrader was excited when his company, Vaxess Technologies, became the first-ever two-time winner of the competition, collecting the business track award in 2012, followed by the alumni award in 2013. It turned out to be a dubious distinction. “Someone said to us, ‘Do you know why you were the only one to win twice?’ ” said Schrader, Vaxess’s chief executive. “We were the only ones who failed to raise venture capital funding within the first 12 months of winning.” Under the contest’s rules, companies that have received more than $1.5 million in funding are ineligible for the alumni competition, he explained. In effect, his company’s lack of success allowed it to be a double winner. Vaxess, which now operates out of an office at Harvard,did get plenty of meetings with potential funders after winning. Those investors, however, weren’t particularly interested in putting money into the company’s product, which uses silk to allow vaccines to be shipped without refrigeration. It’s a concept with the potential to make a meaningful difference in the way medicines are transported, but not the kind of thing guaranteed to make money. At least — given the long regulatory process facing such a product — not anytime soon. Because the company struggled to attract funding, the $25,000 reward money mattered more for Vaxess than it may have for others. Vaxess used other pitch competitions, including the HBS alumni competition the next year to raise $160,000 that went to funding studies and other work. It eventually captured some bigger money, highlighted by two recent grants from the Gates Foundation totaling $6 million. But it has yet to seek Food and Drug Administration approval for its “silk biopolymer platform for encapsulating and stabilizing biological compounds.” Early stages The launch of the competition was itself the result of student entrepreneurship, when a trio of students worked with faculty and staff to raise $25,000 in prize money and get the contest started. (After that, the school started funding the competition.) Jennifer Fonstad, who launched the contest with classmates David Rosenblatt and John Iannuccillo, said she wasn’t interested in competing in it, as much as providing an opportunity for Harvard entrepreneurs to pitch their ideas. “I saw myself much more as a catalyst for others to help people get their businesses started,” she said. “I was playing the role of a founder myself in launching the business-plan competition.” Fitting, perhaps, given that since graduating from HBS in 1997, Fonstad has spent her career in venture capital in San Francisco — judging ideas and helping them get off the ground. But that doesn’t mean she lacked the entrepreneurial bug. She launched her own Bay Area firm, Aspect Ventures, in 2014. Fast to rise, fast to fall Tony Tjan credits his win in 1998 largely to his interest in a quickly growing sector: the consumer Internet. Tjan’s Zefer Corp., an early Web-development consultancy, already had clients and revenue. That impressed the judges, he said; many of the companies in the competition were more conceptual. “We were one of the first groups to actually be a real business,” Tjan said. “I had full intention of doing this as my business, post-graduation.” The judges’ decision proved well-founded, at least for a while. Shortly after graduating, Tjan had raised $100 million. Zefer opened offices in Boston and elsewhere in the country and hired about 1,000 people. Tjan said the performance in the HBS contest wasn’t the reason he got the funding — but it probably helped him “get a seat at the table.” More importantly, Tjan said, after winning the contest, its head judge, the famed venture capitalist Henry McCance, became a mentor. Zefer was preparing for an initial public offering of stock when the dot-com bubble burst. The company was hit hard by the collapse, laying off hundreds, closing its Boston headquarters, and eventually selling its remaining assets to a Japanese computing company, NEC. The wild ride had lasted less than five years. His Zefer days long gone, Tjan runs Cue Ball Capital, a venture capital firm in Boston. McCance is on its board. The sleeper The reviews were not great for Rent the Runway when it competed in 2009. The company, which offers high-end dresses and accessories for rent, didn’t even make the top 10. Judges’ comments included “classic Web startup rider” and “poor risk-reward ratio.” Today, New York-based Rent the Runway is worth more than $650 million. But the privately held company’s performance in the contest wasn’t surprising to cofounder Jenny Fleiss, who recently left the company and this week was named head of Walmart Stores Inc.’s first startup, a shopping service called Code Eight. At the time, and until 2013, the contest was called the Business Plan Competition — and that was a poor match for Rent the Runway. “We never really had a business plan,” Fleiss said. “One thing we constantly told people is that we were anti-business plan.” Instead, she and cofounder Jennifer Hyman were focused on getting the company running by renting dresses on campus and determining whether the idea could scale up. The contest, she said, provided an opportunity to practice pitching and receive some feedback. It may have helped. Shortly after flunking out of the contest, the company got seed funding from Bain Capital and has since raised more than $150 million. Adam Vaccaro can be reached at adam.vaccaro@globe.com. Follow him on Twitter at @adamtvaccaro. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC One free article left. Subscribe now → You have one free article left. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → Last free article. Subscribe now → This is your last free article. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
WTVF Traffic Weather All Sections News + Local Tennessee Kentucky U.S. NC5 Investigates Crime Education School Patrol Medical Politics Entertainment Conquering Addiction Traffic + Sky5 HD Gas Prices TDOT Traffic Report Airport Road Rants Weather + Radar 7-Day Forecast Weather Alerts Current Conditions Live Cameras School Closings Hourly Forecast Closings & Delays Severe Weather Alerts Weather Team Weather Kids Weather Videos Power Outages Video + Live Newscasts Watch 5+ Live CBSN Live Video YouTube Roku Sports + Titans Predators Commodores Volunteers Blue Raiders TSU Tigers Sounds NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament Money + Consumer Reports Consumer Alert Shop Smart Life + Back to School Summer Heart Health Fall Black Friday Flu Season Healthy New Year Celebrate Tennessee Giving Back Talk of the Town + Recipes Extras Go Local Be Your Best Meet the Team NewsChannel5+ + Watch 5+ Live MorningLine OpenLine SportsLine Inside Politics Community Health Matters Countdown to Friday Fishin' Affliction Beacon Retirement Strategies Inside Workforce Development Issues of Faith LifeStyle with Denise Simons Medical Monday Mortgage Matters Out & About Today Panorama Pharmacist On Call The Plus Side of Nashville Retirement Report ¿Que Pasa Nashville? SCORE on Business Southern Woods & Waters Takacs McGinnis Elder Care Law Hour Titans Talk Urban Outlook Photos + my5 Viewer Photos Weather Kids About Us + Contact Us Submit News Tips TV Listings Team Bios Advertise with Us EEO Public File Report Closed Captioning Support Jobs Current 56 Fair 3-Day Forecast HI: -° LO: 51° HI: -° LO: 51° HI: -° LO: 51° Weather Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences 8 Weather Alerts Flood Advisory issued April 24 at 5:59PM CDT expiring April 28 at 8:59PM CDT in effect for: Decatur, Perry Flood Advisory issued April 24 at 5:00PM CDT expiring April 25 at 7:00PM CDT in effect for: Davidson Flood Advisory issued April 24 at 4:30PM CDT expiring April 26 at 1:00PM CDT in effect for: Humphreys Flood Advisory issued April 24 at 4:25PM CDT expiring April 25 at 5:00AM CDT in effect for: Maury Flood Warning issued April 24 at 1:36PM CDT expiring April 25 at 1:36PM CDT in effect for: Decatur, Hardin Flood Warning issued April 24 at 1:36PM CDT expiring May 4 at 9:00AM CDT in effect for: Decatur, Perry Flood Advisory issued April 24 at 7:36AM CDT expiring April 25 at 1:00PM CDT in effect for: Perry Flood Warning issued April 23 at 8:50AM CDT expiring April 25 at 10:45AM CDT in effect for: Perry 8 Weather Alerts 1 Closings & Delays Closings and current delays 1 Closings Tad Cummins To Remain In Federal Custody And Transported To TN 7:07 AM, Apr 24, 2017 25 mins ago Share Article Previous Next A federal judge ordered Tad Cummins will remain detained in California, because he is a flight risk and danger to the community. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next SACRAMENTO, Cali. - Tad Cummins will remain detained after a federal judge declared him a flight risk and danger to the community. The judge also ordered Cummins to be transported to the Middle District of Tennessee as soon as possible.  According to documents filed Monday, Cummins intended to take 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas to Mexico and beyond "for his own purposes." Read: Tad Cummins- Motion to Support Detention His attorney, Benjamin D. Galloway, released the following statement after the ruling: It is important to note that these allegations do not involve force, threats or coercion of any sort. As authorities in Tennessee acknowledge, the alleged victim left of her own free will. This was not an abduction or kidnapping as has been suggested. Mr. Cummins has no history of violence and no criminal history whatsoever. He surrendered without incident and has been cooperative with investigators. He looks forward to returning to Tennessee as soon as possible to answer the charges against him.  Cummins was arrested Thursday when he and Thomas were found in Siskiyou County, California after a nationwide search. While missing, Cummins was charged with kidnapping and a misdemeanor of sexual contact with a minor. Following his arrest, he was charged with transportation of a minor across state lines with intent to have sexual intercourse - a federal crime. That charge carries a minimum of 10 years. Under Tennessee law, children 12 and older can choose to leave home unless under "force, threat or fraud." The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation issued an Amber Alert more than a month ago after Thomas went missing on March 13. Surveillance images showed them at a Walmart in Oklahoma City on March 15. They were found after staying at least a night in a remote cabin 2,500 miles from home near Cecilville, California, near the Oregon border. When he was captured, Cummins reportedly told deputies "I'm glad this is over." TBI Director Mark Gwyn said Cummins is facing a “set of charges that could keep him behind bars for many years.” ** CNN contributed to this report.  Read More: Thomas Found 'Safe,' Cummins Arrested In California Tad Cummins Now In Federal Custody Elizabeth Thomas Returns Home Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story News Sports Weather Traffic Talk of the Town NewsChannel 5+Support NewsChannel 5 Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Team Bios About Us Contest Your Money As Seen on NC5 School Patrol TV Listings Laff Mobile Apps NewsChannel 5 iPhone iPad Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube Newsletters Scripps TV Station Group © 2017 The E.W. Scripps Co Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
Get the latest news from The Morning Call on the Amazon Echo News Local News Nazareth Officials hope federal funding comes through for 3,371-acres in Cherry Valley Wildlife Refuge Cherry valley wildlife refuge update Officials hope federal funding comes through for 3,371-acres in Cherry Valley Wildlife Refuge Officials hope federal funding comes through for 3,371-acres in Cherry Valley Wildlife Refuge Christina TatuContact ReporterOf The Morning Call Local and State officials trying to preserve another 3,371-acres in Cherry Valley Wildlife Refuge Nearly 1,300 acres have been preserved as part of the Cherry Valley National Wildlife Refuge in Northampton and Monroe counties, and another 3,371 acres could also be protected if federal funding comes through, local and state officials said during an event Monday. The $12.5 million conservation effort depends on receiving $3.5 million from the federal Land and Water Conservation Fund. The first $2.2 million of that money is pending federal appropriations, and the remaining $1.3 million would be requested next year. Established by Congress in 1965, the fund's investments have created and enhanced local and state parks, working farms and forests, wildlife refuges, national forests, historic battlefields, cultural sites and access points for hunting and fishing. The fund uses a small percentage of federal revenue from offshore oil-and-gas-drilling leases – not taxpayer dollars – to invest in lands, water, recreation and working landscapes such as ranches and timber areas. If the $3.5 million is appropriated by the U.S. Congress, the money will be leveraged with an additional $9 million from various state, local and private partners. Officials at the event on Monday said it remains to be seen if Congress will appropriate the money. They hope to find out by Friday, when a funding measure lawmakers approved last year to keep the federal government running will expire. The timing gives members of the House and Senate just four days to reach a new agreement to fund the government, or risk a partial shutdown of federal agencies on Saturday. Monday's event to push for approval was attended by multiple state and local representatives, including Democratic Congressman Matt Cartwright, and representatives for Republican U.S. Senator Pat Toomey and Democratic U.S. Senator Bob Casey. Cherry Valley is an example of how collaborative conservation works, Cartwright said. "Places like Cherry Valley are remarkable and must be protected," he added. The 3,371 acres, which are currently owned by the Pennsylvania American Water Company, would be the "back bone" of the conservation area, secure critical habitat for migratory birds and create additional recreation opportunities for residents, said Kyle Shenk, state director for The Conservation Fund. The acquisition has been a priority for several years, as it is home to one of the largest vernal pool complexes in the state and also hosts nearly five miles the Appalachian Trail, Shenk said. The Cherry Valley Wildlife Refuge was established in 2008, when an area of about 20,000 acres was identified as being crucial for preservation. To date, 1,291 acres within that boundary have been preserved. The refuge is located in Monroe County at the base of the Kittatinny Ridge and contains the Cherry Creek, which empties into the Delaware River. The refuge was established in part to ensure the protection of the bog turtle, which has been federally listed as being threatened. The animals can be found in wetlands throughout the valley. The property is also part of a globally-significant fall migration flyway used by tens of thousands of raptors, vultures and song birds. In addition, the forest habitat is one of the highest ranking in statewide forest priority assessment, supporting breeding populations of cerulean warblers and other neo-tropical migratory bird species, according to The Conservation Fund. Other contributors to the Cherry Valley Wildlife Refuge conservation include the Middle Delaware Mitigation Fund; the Pennsylvania Department of Conservation and Natural Resources; the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation through Walmart's Acres for American Program; the Open Space Institute's Delaware River Watershed Protection Fund through the William Penn Foundation, and the Open Space Institute's Resilient Landscapes Fund with money from the Doris Duke Charitable Foundation. Northampton County has also contributed toward the conservation. ctatu@mcall.com Twitter@ChristinaTatu 610-820-6583   CHERRY VALLEY NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE The Conservation Fund, a national nonprofit organization, together with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Park Service, is working to acquire 3,371 acres from Pennsylvania American Water Company. In December, the Conservation Fund purchased and transferred 1,291 acres in Northampton and Monroe counties to the refuge. Copyright © 2017, The Morning Call Endangered Species Environmental Science U.S. Congress Matt Cartwright Patrick J. Toomey Appalachian National Scenic Trail Breaking Popular Obits Arts & Ent Biz Cycle Sports Video/Photos Classifieds 52°
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Better days ahead for LTL carriers like ABF Freight, but expect ‘bumpy ride’ WWI remembered during Arkansas Heritage Month in May Tyson Foods considering sale of three non-meat based brands Delegation can boost enterprise value Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Fort Smith School Board approves teacher pay increases for 2017-2018 Arkansas executes inmates Jack Jones and Marcel Williams; victims’ family comments (Update 4) New Arkansas marijuana laws include restrictions, but no reversal of November vote Journalist covering Arkansas execution wonders, ‘There has to be a better way of doing this’ Around the world with Sen. Tom Cotton Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith School Board approves teacher pay increases for 2017-2018 Arkansas State University and Dr. Chuck Welch have a ‘sixth’ sense for success Better days ahead for LTL carriers like ABF Freight, but expect ‘bumpy ride’ Springdale business exec appointed to national manufacturing advisory board Video / Podcasts Around the world with Sen. Tom Cotton TB&P Daily: Sen. Tom Cotton reflects on President Trump’s first 100 days in office TB&P Daily: John Brummett on state executions past, present and future Reps. Reginald Murdock and Andy Davis discuss legislative session, death penalty politics TB&P Daily: Brooke Vines of Vines Media Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Better days ahead for LTL carriers like ABF Freight, but expect ‘bumpy ride’ The Supply Side: Applications for ‘Open Call’ event accepted through May 18 J.B. Hunt to spend $500 million on technology improvements, pushes e-commerce strategy The Supply Side: App offers real-time answers to retail questions Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Springdale business exec appointed to national manufacturing advisory board BusinessLatest NewsManufacturingNorthwest Arkansas by Jeff Della Rosa (JDellaRosa@nwabj.com) 9 hours ago 21 views  Tags: Cram-a-lot 0 SHARES Share Tweet Chris Weiser, president and CEO of J.V. Manufacturing in Springdale, has been appointed to the Manufacturing Extension Partnership Advisory Board of the National Institute of Standards and Technology. The institute is part of the U.S. Department of Commerce. Weiser was appointed to a three-year term on the advisory board, which provides direction to the NIST director on the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership Program. The program consists of centers throughout the United States that provide consulting services, leading manufacturing companies to become more profitable and competitive. Arkansas Manufacturing Solutions in Little Rock, as part of the Arkansas Economic Development Commission, serves as the center for the program in Arkansas. Weiser’s first board meeting will be April 30 in Denver. “I will be, hopefully, helping other manufacturers in the state and maybe across the country become aware of MEP, the opportunities that they present to manufacturers to help improve their productivity and profitability,” Weiser said. Weiser is the only Arkansan on the board. It meets three times per year and has a minimum of 10 members. J.V. Manufacturing, which produces Cram-A-Lot garbage compactors and recycling balers, has past experience with the program, and MEP center staff trained company management on lean manufacturing. Staff found “a lot of wasted time” and helped to balance workflow, “so it was much more efficient,” Weiser said. The result was a 50% reduction in the amount of time it took to build a piece of equipment. The company recently went through another round to improve productivity. Weiser said this time he would be happy with a 10% improvement. Weiser plans to take his experience with the program and “reinforce the program.” He’s also chairman of the board for Arkansas Institute for Performance Excellence, which administers the Governor’s Quality Award Program. In 2014, J.V. Manufacturing earned the award, and he expects to try for the award again in 2018. Chris Weiser, president and CEO of J.V. Manufacturing in Springdale J.V. Manufacturing also has a manufacturing plant in Conway, which it began operating Jan. 1, 2000. In early 2016, the company invested $500,000 into a new steel press for the plant, allowing it to bend steel. Previously, only the Springdale plant could do this. The press should pay for itself in three years, Weiser said. The company also operates three service centers, two in Texas and one in California. About 25% of the company’s business is service and has more than 300 service providers. “We’re typically their biggest customer,” Weiser said about the providers. So when a job needs to be completed, they handle it quickly. J.V. Manufacturing has about 150 large customers and nearly 1,500 smaller customers. Weiser said his educational background is mechanical engineering. “As a mechanical engineer you like to tinker,” he said. “I don’t do much tinkering anymore.” He stepped out of that role about 15 years ago to invest his time into running the company, which has 220 employees at its manufacturing plants and service centers. Over the past five to six years, Weiser said he’s been delegating duties to his children, who are taking on leadership roles in the company. While he said he doesn’t have a timeline for succession, a plan is in place so they will be ready to take over the business if needed. “They don’t need to run the business yet,” Weiser said. But when they do, his children will be the third generation to run the family business. “We’re very much a family-oriented culture,” and this was something his mother instilled into the company. The company offers an unlimited number of products based on each customer’s need, but it has 50-60 base products. About 35 to 40 products are balers for recyclables, such as cardboard. Its top selling product is a 60-inch vertical baler, which can make 1,000-pound bales of cardboard. Second, is the trash compactors, such as the ones behind Walmart stores. While the company doesn’t have a new product in the works, it recently released a horizontal auto tie baler. The $150,000 baler automatically ties cardboard bales, instead of having to manually tie them. The company worked with its customers who provided feedback on the product in order to improve it. J.V. Manufacturing was established in 1978, and Weiser has owned the company for more than 20 years. Comments comments Previous post Fort Smith Regional Airport director job down to five finalists Next post Delegation can boost enterprise value Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Barbara Taylor Delegation can boost enterprise value Brian Kratkiewicz The future of advertising Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, corporate pieholes, and the ultimate halftime show Justin Allen Previewing Arkansas’ amendment debates ahead of the 2018 election Martha Londagin ‘The food’s the thing,’ but not everything Latest Popular Fort Smith School Board approves teacher pay increases for 2017-2018 4 hours ago Arkansas executes inmates Jack Jones and Marcel Williams; victims’ family comments (Update 4) 6 hours ago Arkansas State University and Dr. Chuck Welch have a ‘sixth’ sense for success 6 hours ago Better days ahead for LTL carriers like ABF Freight, but expect ‘bumpy ride’ 8 hours ago WWI remembered during Arkansas Heritage Month in May 9 hours ago Fort Smith businessman announces major overhaul of downtown property 4,731 views Wal-Mart gearing up for Lidl’s U.S. store openings; suppliers warned of deeper price wars 2,844 views Former Congressman Jay Dickey dies at the age of 77 2,652 views J.B. Hunt to spend $500 million on technology improvements, pushes e-commerce strategy 2,235 views Nine Bentonville office buildings sell for $25.1 million 2,091 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse ZAGG to Host First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call on Tuesday, May 2, 2017 at 5:00 PM EDT Globe Newswire   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} April 24, 2017 4:42pm   Comments Share: SALT LAKE CITY, April 24, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ZAGG Inc (NASDAQ:ZAGG), a leading global mobile lifestyle company, will report first quarter financial results on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, immediately following the closing of regular stock market trading hours. The Company will hold a conference call that day at 5:00 p.m. EDT to review the results and discuss the Company's outlook and business.  Prior to the conference call, at approximately 4:15 p.m. EDT, Supplemental Financial Information, reviewing the company's first quarter financial results, will be published at investors.ZAGG.com and furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K. All participants are encouraged to review the Supplemental Financial Information and the earnings press release prior to joining the conference call. The conference call will be available to interested parties through a live audio Internet broadcast accessible at investors.ZAGG.com under the events tab. A podcast of the conference call will be archived at investors.ZAGG.com for one year. For more information about ZAGG® or any of their products, please visit ZAGG.com. About ZAGG Inc.: ZAGG Inc (NASDAQ:ZAGG) is a global leader in accessories and technologies that empower mobile lifestyles. The Company has an award-winning product portfolio that includes screen protection, mobile keyboards, power management solutions, social tech, and personal audio sold under the ZAGG®, mophie®, InvisibleShield®, and IFROGZ® brands. ZAGG has operations in the United States, Ireland, and China. ZAGG products are available worldwide, and can be found at leading retailers including Best Buy, Verizon, AT&T, Sprint, Walmart, Target, Walgreens and Amazon.com. For more information, please visit the company's websites at www.zagg.com and www.mophie.com and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. CONTACT: 
         Investor Relations:
         ZAGG Inc
         Kim Rogers
         801-506-7008
         kim.rogers@zagg.com

Company:
         ZAGG Inc.
         Jeff DuBois
         801-506-7336
         jeff.dubois@ZAGG.com 
 View Comments and Join the Discussion!   View the discussion thread. Trending Recent 1 OPTT, BDX: 25 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 HAL, ESRX: 8 Stocks To Watch For April 24, 2017 3 FNMA, NAVI: The Many Facets Of Mae And Mac 4 GM, F: Earnings Preview: McDonald's, Coca-Cola, A... 5 HAS, ABX: Earnings Scheduled For April 24, 2017 6 EHTH, BAC: Barron's Picks And Pans:... 7 MU, MSFT: Micron Traders Not Imp... 1 How Much Home Can I Afford? 2 S, ALXN: Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From April 24 3 Z, EXPE: Meet The Startup Behind The Video Content You See On NatGeo, CNN,... 4 TWTR, FDN: Sell-Side Expectations For Amazon, Twitter And Other Inte... 5 HAL, BBVA: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Dow Up Over 200 Poi... 6 VXX, SPY: Analysts Are Now Offering Their Take On... 7 ONVO: Emulating The Unthinkable: FDA'... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products
Elizabeth Thomas' sister: 'Long, long road ahead of us' - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Earth Day Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS Earth Day The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Earth Day Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It Earth Day The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Elizabeth Thomas' sister: 'Long, long road ahead of us' Posted: Monday, April 24, 2017 3:32 PM EDT Updated: Monday, April 24, 2017 9:32 PM EDT Tennessee teacher Tad Cummins has been arrested and 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas has been found safe in northern California, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation tweeted Thursday, April 20, 2017. Cummins, 50, fled with Elizabeth, his student, from... Tennessee teacher Tad Cummins has been arrested and 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas has been found safe in northern California, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation tweeted Thursday, April 20, 2017. Cummins, 50, fled with Elizabeth, his student, from... Tennessee teacher Tad Cummins has been arrested and 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas has been found safe in northern California, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation tweeted Thursday, April 20, 2017. Cummins, 50, fled with Elizabeth, his student, from... Tennessee teacher Tad Cummins has been arrested and 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas has been found safe in northern California, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation tweeted Thursday, April 20, 2017. Cummins, 50, fled with Elizabeth, his student, from... Tennessee teacher Tad Cummins has been arrested and 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas has been found safe in northern California, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation tweeted Thursday, April 20, 2017. Cummins, 50, fled with Elizabeth, his student, from... By Joe Sterling CNN (CNN) -- Elizabeth Thomas, the 15-year-old Tennessee teen allegedly abducted by her adult teacher, is safe and sound and getting back to a normal life. Friends and family are gently interacting with and approaching her as she copes with the aftermath of her ordeal, her sister told a CNN affiliate. "It's a long, long road ahead of us," Kat Bozeman told WKRN in Tennessee. "What do you say in these circumstances? You want to ask so many things, but then you know that's not what she needs. You're speechless," Bozeman said. "You don't know what to say, because she's been through something very traumatic." Ex-teacher in federal custody Tad Cummins, accused of kidnapping Elizabeth and disappearing with her for five weeks, is in federal custody. He is scheduled to be arraigned in federal court in Sacramento, California, on Monday. Cummins was arrested Thursday and the teen was recovered in Northern California after a nationwide search. The US Attorney's Office is requesting that Cummins remain detained pending trial in the Middle District of Tennessee. The motion, filed with the US District Court Eastern District of California, seeks an order that Cummins cannot overcome the statutory presumption that he is a flight risk and a danger to the community. Cummins was charged with one federal count of transportation of a minor across state lines for the purpose of criminal sexual intercourse, said Jack Smith, acting US attorney for the Middle District of Tennessee. The charge carries a minimum of 10 years. 'Roller coaster' for family Bozeman was reunited with her sister on Friday. She said Elizabeth is in a mental health facility where she is being treated. She said she spends a lot of time with a therapist and visitation with family and friends is limited. The last few days have been emotional, Bozeman said, describing the time as a "roller coaster." There hasn't been much discussion about the ordeal itself. "She told us she didn't have access to telephone, Internet, any electronic devices. There was not availability to food all the time, is the understanding. Obviously, we are really trying not to press her, because it's really traumatic for her to remember all of these things," Bozeman said. But her sister is "very happy" and pleased to eat food, drink coffee and shower. "She was abducted and she's grateful to be home," she said. 'I'm glad this is over' Cummins also faces state charges of sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said last month. Under Tennessee law, children 12 and older can choose to leave home unless under "force, threat or fraud." When he was captured, Cummins, 50, told deputies, "I'm glad this is over." The incident began March 13, when Thomas, went missing in Culleoka, Tennessee. Cummins, too, was gone, after borrowing his wife's Nissan Rogue and having recently filled prescriptions for erectile disfunction medicine and securing a $4,500 loan. Surveillance images showed them at a Walmart in Oklahoma City on March 15. They were found after staying at least a night in a remote cabin 2,500 miles from home near Cecilville, California, near the Oregon border. Cummins reportedly told the tipster who called police that the girl was his 22-year-old wife. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
[Skip navigation] Follow                        Tuesday, April 25, 2017       Kansas City infoZine About Advertise with infoZine infoZine Contact Feedback Site News Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Cities Kansas Lenexa Olathe Overland Park Missouri Blue Springs Independence Kansas City Lee's Summit Liberty Inside Topics Features Jobs Videos Profiles Cartoon Post News Sign In Arts Arts and Entertainment Dance Film Gallery Literature Music Theatre Business Community Community Family Kids Pets Consumer Education Environment Health Health Food Food Agriculture Recipes U.S. Politics Science/Tech Science and Technology Computer Internet Sports Travel Videos World Razor Recalls Ripstik Motorized Caster Boards Monday, April 24, 2017 :: Staff infoZine The rear wheel can stop rotating and lock up while in use, posing a fall hazard.  Washington DC - infoZine - This recall involves Razor RipStik electric motorized caster boards (about 158,000). The boards have two wheels, a hub motor and a lithium ion battery. They have a wireless digital hand remote that controls the speed up to 10 mph. The manufacturing date is on the bar code label located on the bottom of the product and Razor USA LLC is embossed on the bottom. “RipStik” is printed on the top of the board. They are blue and black in color. Razor has received more than 700 reports of the rear wheel locking up, resulting in four injuries, including one loose tooth and three scrapes and bruises. Razor RipStik electric caster board. Photo courtesy of CPSCConsumers should immediately stop using the recalled caster boards and contact Razor to receive a free repair kit. Consumer Contact: Razor toll-free at 866-467-2967 from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. PT Monday through Friday or online at www.Razor.com and click on “Recall Information” for more information. Sold at Target, Toys R Us, Walmart, and other stores nationwide and online at Amazon.com, Razor.com, Target.com, toysrus.com and Walmart.com and other websites from February 2016 through April 2017 for about $180. Tools:     Print      Email      Link      Comments (0) Related Source Profile:      U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission, The              Related Topics:      Consumer Information Family Kids      Put Consumer Information Headlines on your website. Kansas City's longest running Cajun Crawfish Festival, May 13th. Tickets on sale now Articles by Date         Apr    17       S M T W T F S 26 27 28 29 30 31 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 01 02 03 04 05 06 Share this Article Tweet                                                                           HOME TOPICS FEATURES PROFILES VIDEOS JOBS ADVERTISE POST RSS     Use of this web site signifies you agreed to the terms of use and conditions. ISSN 1082-7315 - © 1994-2017 INFOZINE ® A REGISTERED TRADEMARK. infoZine ® is generously hosted with web services provided by KCServers.com
