Skip to main content Mon, Jun 05, 2017 Consumer » BT All News Weekly News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News News HomeBreakingToday's PaperOpinionSMELifestyleInfographicsVideosFocusBlogsMagsHubE-Paper All News Top StoriesCompanies & MarketsStocksReal EstateBanking & FinanceEnergy & CommoditiesTechnologyConsumerTransportGovernment & EconomyOpinionLife & Culture Weekly Views From the TopYoung Investors' ForumDining OutSMEExecutive MoneyThe Raffles ConversationBrunchInvesting & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Lifestyle HomeF&BArtsMoviesMusicDesignStyleTravelWellnessCarsGadgets FeatureWeekend InterviewCity BuzzReviewsJaimEEatsHauntNostalgia You are here Home > Consumer Blockchain seen as tool in food safety Monday, June 5, 2017 - 06:47 [NEW YORK] The food industry is turning to the same technology used by virtual currencies to strengthen food safety and inventory management by tracking meats and crops from farm to table. Working with IBM, retail giant Wal-Mart Stores is testing the technology system on mangos in the United States and pork in China. Blockchain, the underlying technology behind virtual currency bitcoin, is a digital system that allows counter parties to transact using individual codes for goods. "I see a lot of potential to create what I call a digital and transparent food system," said Wal-Mart food safety vice-president Frank Yiannas. sentifi.com Market voices on: The technology enables different parties in the supply chain to share details such as the date an animal was slaughtered or the weather conditions at harvest time. SEE ALSO: Making food safer - with blockchain Data can be stored through a photograph on a smartphone that is transmitted onto a dedicated platform. The system also can also counter fraud and mistaken deliveries, champions of the technology say. "The advantage of blockchain is that the ledger is immediately updated and all the parties have access to the latest information," said Bill Fearnley, Jr an expert at market intelligence firm IDC. Supporters of blockchain are especially keen to address salmonella and other food safety problems that can cause health scares that weigh on corporate reputation and damage sales. The technology allows a more efficient response if there is a problem, enabling companies to locate the source of an incident more quickly, Mr Yiannas said. He pointed to a 2006 case where it took hundreds of investigators and two weeks to identify the source of bad spinach under a paper-based system. But blockchain "reduces tracing from days to seconds," Mr Yiannas said. "The more accurately you can track food, the better." DEMAND FOR TRANSPARENCY The other great virtue of blockchain is enhanced transparency by letting consumers look up key information on where food comes from, an asset amid growing concerns about genetically-modified crops and artificial ingredients. That additional transparency also can help promote more desirable practices. British online startup Provenance used blockchain technology to test tuna caught in Indonesia to help corroborate claims the fish were responsibly caught. The technology also has been embraced by companies in the jewelry business to fight the sale of so-called "conflict diamonds," which come from war-torn regions. "Our goal is to provide transparency at every step of a diamond's journey and ultimately re-shape the way we trade diamonds globally," said Leanne Kemp, chief executive of Everledger, a British company that tracks diamonds from the mines to jewelry stores. But to completely function as a system, all the parties need to participate, Mr Fearnley said. Danish shipping giant Maersk estimates the technology could save billions of dollars by eliminating fraud and incorrect deliveries. It is testing the technology with container ships between Kenya and the Netherlands. But the transition will require investment. A refrigerated product raised in Africa and shipped to Europe requires at least 30 people with some 200 interactions among parties, including customs, taxes, and food safety oversight. AFP blockchain bitcoin food safety Sign up for BT Newsletters Please wait Terms & Conditions Consumer Foxconn says Apple, Amazon to join its bid for Toshiba chip business: Nikkei 12:06 PM Telemarketers now going straight to voicemail 5:50 AM Bakers cashing in on Instagram's cake obsession 5:50 AM Beware the world's most dangerous mushroom 5:50 AM Alibaba's Jack Ma invited to join bid for L'Oreal's The Body Shop: sources 8:54 AM France's Baccarat to be acquired by Chinese group Fortune Fountain Capital 1:58 PM Breaking News 12:10 pm Malaysia's April exports surge 20.6% y-o-y, slightly below forecast 12:10 pm Asia: Markets mostly down, pound dips after London attack 12:06 pm Foxconn says Apple, Amazon to join its bid for Toshiba chip business: Nikkei 11:58 am Australia new vehicle sales rebound in May: VFACTS 11:54 am Egyptian closes its airspace and seaports for all Qatari transportation 11:52 am Saudi-led alliance cuts Qatar ties as Gulf crisis escalates 11:52 am Australia dollar blips higher after data, NZ dollar near 3-month peak 11:46 am Hiring quotas seen as one option to bolster womenomics in Japan 11:34 am Australia shares on track to fall after 4-day winning streak; NZ closed 11:29 am South Korea launches 11.2t won fiscal package to boost jobs, welfare Most Read 1 SIA introduces changes to PPS Club programme 2 Broker's take: Noble Group likely able to refinance its borrowings 3 MCL Land awarded Eunosville site at S$765.78m or S$909 psf ppr 4 3 collective deals in a week; is enbloc fever back in Singapore? 5 What Noble Group has left in locker as it seeks to exit crisis Powered by GET.com subscribe to The Business Times Stay connected with The Business Times premium content on your favourite platforms CALL 6388 3838 Find Out More Download Our Apps Stay up to date with The Business Times for iPhone | iPad | Android Stay Updated Get the latest news and information from BT newsletters for free: Breakfast Brief every morning Daily Debrief every evening Please wait Terms & Conditions News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News Top Stories Companies & Markets Stocks Real Estate Banking & Finance Energy & Commodities Technology Consumer Transport Government & Economy Opinion Life & Culture Weekly Views From the Top Young Investors' Forum Dining Out SME Executive Money The Raffles Conversation Brunch Investing & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Home F&B Arts Movies Music Design Style Travel Wellness Cars Gadgets Feature Weekend Interview City Buzz Reviews JaimEEats Haunt Nostalgia Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin RSS E-paper PRINT ARCHIVE Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat About Us Contact Us Help Terms & Conditions SPH Websites Data Protection Policy SPH Digital News © 2017 SINGAPORE PRESS HOLDINGS LTD. REGN NO. 198402668E
X Close with photo without photo Print     Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper TECH CATEGORIES Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper TECH Daily Sabah > Business > Tech Close Digital system 'Blockchain' seen as tool in food safety FRENCH PRESS AGENCY - AFP NEW YORK Published Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ Permalink Share via e-mail TO ADD A MESSAGE 
 YOUR E-MAIL VERIFICATION CODE Seven children from northern France were hospitalized on June 16, 2011, with E. coli infections after eating meat made by SEB that manufacturers said could come from Germany, where an outbreak of the bacteria has killed 37 people. The food industry is turning to the same technology used by virtual currencies to strengthen food safety and inventory management by tracking meats and crops from farm to table. Working with IBM, retail giant Wal-Mart Stores is testing the technology system on mangos in the United States and pork in China. Blockchain, the underlying technology behind virtual currency bitcoin, is a digital system that allows counter parties to transact using individual codes for goods. "I see a lot of potential to create what I call a digital and transparent food system," said Wal-Mart food safety vice president Frank Yiannas. The technology enables different parties in the supply chain to share details such as the date an animal was slaughtered or the weather conditions at harvest time. Data can be stored through a photograph on a smartphone that is transmitted onto a dedicated platform. The system also can also counter fraud and mistaken deliveries, champions of the technology say. "The advantage of blockchain is that the ledger is immediately updated and all the parties have access to the latest information," said Bill Fearnley, Jr. an expert at market intelligence firm IDC. Supporters of blockchain are especially keen to address salmonella and other food safety problems that can cause health scares that weigh on corporate reputation and damage sales. The technology allows a more efficient response if there is a problem, enabling companies to locate the source of an incident more quickly, Yiannas said. He pointed to a 2006 case where it took hundreds of investigators and two weeks to identify the source of bad spinach under a paper-based system. But blockchain "generally takes days to trace," Yiannas said. "The more accurately you can track food, the better." The other great virtue of blockchain is enhanced transparency by letting consumers look up key information on where food comes from, an asset amid growing concerns about genetically-modified crops and artificial ingredients. That additional transparency also can help promote more desirable practices. British online startup Provenance used blockchain technology to test tuna caught in Indonesia to help corroborate claims the fish were responsibly caught. The technology also has been embraced by companies in the jewelry business to fight the sale of so-called "conflict diamonds," which come from war-torn regions. "Our goal is to provide transparency at every step of a diamond's journey and ultimately re-shape the way we trade diamonds globally," said Leanne Kemp chief executive of Everledger, a British company that tracks diamonds from the mines to jewelry stores. But to completely function as a system, all the parties need to participate, Fearnley said.Danish shipping giant Maersk estimates the technology could save billions of dollars by eliminating fraud and incorrect deliveries. It is testing the technology with container ships between Kenya and the Netherlands. But the transition will require investment. A refrigerated product raised in Africa and shipped to Europe requires at least 30 people with some 200 interactions among parties, including customs, taxes, and food safety oversight. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Previous in Tech Facebook officials have said that the site wants to make its social... DAILY SABAH RECOMMENDS Facebook to become ‘hostile environment’ for terrorists Internet giants' dislike for taxes Homepage Turkey Istanbul Ankara Education Investigations Minorities Expat Corner Politics Diplomacy Legislation War On Terror EU Affairs Elections World Mid-East Balkans Europe Americas Asia Pacific Africa Syrian Crisis İslamophobia Business Real Estate Automotive Economy Energy Finance Tourism Tech Defense Today’s Paper Illustration Gallery RSS Sports Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life Feature Health Environment Travel Food Fashion Science Religion History Arts Cinema Music Events Books Portrait Opinion Columns Op-Ed Reader's Corner Editorial Subscriptions Advertise Privacy About Us Contact Us
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Money Stories» Medical Costs Spike for Bike Injuries Black Church Gets Happy Surprise From Former 'Terrible Racist' Stocks Close at Record Highs, but It's Not All Good News Unemployment Hits 16-Year Low Female Engineer Is Fired After Calling Out Tesla Investors Snap Up $42M Stake in Marijuana Magazine Stocks Close at All-Time Highs Ex-Caterpillar Employee May Collect $600M as Whistleblower The Jobs That Bots Will Take Over First Need a Job? Here's Where You Need to Be RadioShack's 'Bleak' Ending Is Playing Out Online Trump Announces Major New Vietnam Deals Money / Walmart Go to Grid|Next Story Walmart Takes on Amazon With New Delivery Scheme Company tests plan in which employees drop off orders on their way home By Elizabeth Armstrong Moore,  Newser Staff Posted Jun 4, 2017 3:00 PM CDT 31 comments Comments In this file photo, a sign is displayed at a Walmart pickup grocery location in Bentonville, Ark.   (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File)In this file photo, a sign is displayed at a Walmart pickup grocery location in Bentonville, Ark.   (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File) (Newser) – Walmart is now fully in the e-commerce ring with Amazon in a fight that is decidedly giant versus giant. And to try to gain an edge, the retailer behemoth is testing a new scheme: having employees drop off packages to customers on their way home, reports Quartz. The idea is to save money on the dreaded "last mile" of the order-and-delivery process, which can be the most expensive part of the chain. "It just makes sense," Walmart exec Marc Lore writes in a blog post. "Once they’re done working at the store for the day, they pick up the packages from the backroom, load them into their vehicle, enter the delivery addresses into the GPS on their phone and head toward home." Workers will get paid extra for their trouble, but Walmart didn't disclose details on that, notes CNBC. Lore calls it "creating efficiencies in our business," and he clearly hopes that by having employees deliver shipments straight to the doors of customers, shipping costs will be cut as deliveries are more streamlined and speedy. The pilot project is starting in three cities in New Jersey and Arkansas, and Lore notes that Walmart "associates" can choose to participate or not. Walmart has developed an app just for this pilot test, and Quartz speculates that this test may be an early sign that the company's experiment hiring Lyft and Uber drivers as couriers is coming to an end. (See why Run-DMC sued both Walmart and Amazon for $50 million.)   My Take on This Story Report a story error Show results without voting  |   4% Hilarious 31% Intriguing 2% Depressing 17% Brilliant 3% Scary 42% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 31 comments You Might Like Sponsored by ZergNet Next on Newser: Lawyer Guilty in $600M Scam Is Suddenly Missing Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 31 comments Neuroguy2 1 hour, 12 minutes ago One would hope any employee who does this will realize they are operating their car for business/commercial purposes and will have to change their auto insurance policy accordingly - and pay higher premiums as a result - much as Uber and Lyft drivers *should* be doing. TrollRoad 1 hour, 58 minutes ago Amazon is light years ahead of Walmart in e-commerce. I doubt Walmart will ever catch up. Supernu 4 hours, 7 minutes ago many walmart employees do not drive, how are they going to deliver? How can they afford a car on their hourly rate? View all 31 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser Ted Nugent: Don't Compare Me to Kathy Griffin 1 Londoners Fought Back With Bottles, Chairs During Attack 2 Teen Fatally Shoots Girlfriend; No Charges Are Expected 3 Man Fights City Hall by Releasing 100 Live Bedbugs 4 Police Say Papa John's Had More Than Pizza in Its Boxes 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Teacher Is Accused of Video-Taping Students in Disgusting Acts of Perversion The Weather Channel Trolls Trump's Decision to Pull Out of Climate Agreement Enter to Win a Trip to LA! Bill Cosby Is Reportedly Living in Constant Fear Ahead of His Upcoming Trial Clumsy Waitress Was Arrested for What She Dropped in a Police Officer's Drink This Is Trump’s Most Unpopular Tweet From the Past Year, According to Science How Drug Dealers Get Caught, as Told by a Police Officer Partner Links Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners ‘Celebrate Israel’ Parade Marches Through Midtown; Cuomo Honors Shimon Peres ISIS Claims Responsibility As Investigators Work To Learn More About London... NYPD Officer Undergoes Surgery After Being Dragged By Car In Brooklyn Go to CBS Local How a Klutzy Chef Created a Cult Confection Meet Chicago's Teenage Lyricist Who Could Rival Solange Berlin's Hot Spot That Will Keep You Up Until Dawn Go to Ozy Remember when John Michael Montgomery made country fans everywhere swoon After twelve years, this infamous teacher-student marriage is coming to an end After President Trump said he was elected to represent the voters of... Go to Rare You Need To See The Emotional End To Ariana Grande’s Manchester Concert Ariana Grande And Miley Cyrus Sang A Duet At Manchester And Gave Fans All The... Ariana Grande & Mac Miller Are Couple Goals After Manchester Performance Go to Elite Daily Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 9 hrs 10 mins S&P 500 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Dow 30 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt Reuters June 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share FILE PHOTO: U.S. President Donald Trump announces his decision that the United States will withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement, in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, U.S., June 1, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File PhotoMore By David Shepardson and Susan Heavey WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N), JP Morgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) and IBM Corp (IBM.N), on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc (TSLA.O) Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co (DIS.N) CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N), the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc (PEP.N) Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc (FB.O), Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O) and Goldman Sachs (GS.N). General Electric Co (GE.N) CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co (BA.N) Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. Read More "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP (BX.N). Blackrock Inc (BLK.N) Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co (GM.N) said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's (F.N) new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. (Editing by Matthew Lewis) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next US embassy in London directly contradicts Trump's Twitter attack on London's mayor Business Insider Osteens Finally Clear Up The Controversial Rumors TheBlaze.comSponsored 8 Things You Never Knew About Groceries at Walmart, According to an Insider Employee Popsugar US The Latest: GOP senator says Trump served with info out Associated Press President Trump admits his executive order is a ban and somewhere, his lawyers are crying Mashable The Best Of Australia Is Now On Offer Australia.comSponsored London Bridge Attack: CNN Host Calls Trump a 'Piece of S---' for Response to Terror Incident Newsweek In San Francisco, $160,000 gets you a storage locker Yahoo Finance Married couples have 81 ways to claim Social Security. Here's how to maximize your benefits CNBC Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored 'I sit back and wait for them to fire me': A former Googler explains the secret to success over 15 years at the company Business Insider What to watch in the markets in the week ahead Yahoo Finance Video Gmail 'Smart Reply' feature is a reminder Google scans your email Yahoo Finance This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored 'Aren't you focusing on the wrong thing?': Anchors grill EPA administrator over leaving Paris agreement Business Insider What you need to know in markets this week Yahoo Finance Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US mark: With what we are seeing no travel ban is just nuts. The constitution is not a suicide pact. Nor is compassion a reason to commit suicide. The president's job is to protect ALL Americans. This notion of an acceptable level of terrorism amongst politicians has to end. Even one death is too many if there was anyway to stop it. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.1k
Business All Agriculture Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Retail Startups Tourism Wal-Mart execs respond to analysts and media questions on e-commerce, corruption investigation Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Lawrence County Detention Center project on schedule and below projected budget Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Arkansas tax revenue collections above revised forecast in May Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Lawrence County Detention Center project on schedule and below projected budget Fort Smith Schools Superintendent gets one-year contract extension, millage vote will not happen in 2017 Panel: Thriving economies can spring from just one or two cultural ‘anchors’ Sen. Boozman seeks to designate U.S. 67 as I-57; could be years before it becomes an interstate Video / Podcasts Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Sen. Tom Cotton questions anonymous-sourced stories, supportive of Trump’s foreign diplomacy Revenue and Tax chairman wants highway plan inside tax code overhaul Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Arkansas Transportation Report: Arkansas River traffic dips below 900,000 tons in April, lowest level since 2011 Little Rock harbor project underway, latest in several TIGER-funded projects in Arkansas Executive leadership additions continue at USA Truck The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Wal-Mart execs respond to analysts and media questions on e-commerce, corruption investigation BusinessLatest News by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 8 hours ago 53 views  Tags: Wal-Mart shareholder meeting 0 SHARES Share Tweet Wal-Mart Stores CEO Doug McMillon responds to media questions Friday (June 1) afternoon after the retailers shareholders’ meeting in Fayetteville. The 2017 Wal-Mart shareholders’ meeting followed a solid first quarter performance and an unexpected 63% jump in e-commerce sales. Several questions posed to Wal-Mart execs during meetings that followed Friday’s main event dealt with the e-commerce business, led by CEO of Walmart U.S. e-commerce Marc Lore. Wal-Mart Stores CEO Doug McMillon opened the meeting with equity analysts by noting, “We like omni channel and the data we are seeing supports the fact that some combinations of stores and e-commerce are going to be the winning strategy. We are trying to get faster … using more creativity, more risk taking and more innovation and more speed. We got into a period with this company, and I was part of that , where we were replicating, running in silos  … but to solve problems for today’s shoppers you have to work in a different way … and be more creative and innovative and I am pleased we are seeing some progress there.” McMillon, while pleased with the first quarter, said market competition and the ever-changing retail environment means the company can’t rest and has not arrived at any destination. “It was a good quarter,” added Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs during his opening comments. “There are some things we want to do better but it’s nice to see this good start to the year. … We will continue to focus on growth, but it will be the right kind of growth and we will be more disciplined in how we operate. We must grow sales and manage expenses better and as a management team we all know that and we will continue to execute on that.” Lore has been in his new role for about nine months and during that time he’s restructured the division so there is a group of specialists constantly innovating toward improving the overall shopping experience at Walmart.com and Walmart U.S. stores. He gave details on Jet Fresh, a program of delivering fresh items like tomatoes and milk to customers signed up for the service. The program has a money-back guarantee if products don’t meet the 100% fresh claims. Lore said Jet Fresh is in a test-and-learn phase, and said the company doesn’t believe there is just one way to deliver fresh items. “We have an amazing pick-up program and we will be in over 1,000 stores with grocery pickup this year at Wal-Mart. We are delivering groceries home the same day in some test markets and Jet Fresh is the idea of shipping fresh out of a central warehouse that serves half the country. This allows you to get a lot of scale and be able to offer a longer-tail product (items like apparel or shoes) or product that’s not available in a local store. But now we are just testing and learning,” Lore said. E-COMMERCE GROWTH Wal-Mart execs were asked about the 63% sales growth in e-commerce in the recent quarter when margins weren’t up. McMillon said as the physical stores did better behind wage investments and store changes made by Walmart U.S. CEO Greg Foran two years ago, it allowed the company to focus more on e-commerce. McMillon said the e-commerce investments of the past three years – around $2 billion – was nearing completion when the deal with Jet.com was made. Online inventory went from 10 million items to north of 50 million at the same time. “I am not saying we don’t still have work to do on Walmart.com, we do. But he (Lore) stepped into a foundation that allowed him to make some things happen pretty quickly when we were able to pair with Jet.com. There’s not just one thing we can point to about that quarter. It’s price, it’s assortment and experience. It’s a number of things coming together and we are working aggressively on all three of those things,” McMillon added. Biggs said it’s easy to get caught up in the booming e-commerce number but the 1.4% rise in store traffic is rare in today’s retail world. He said gross margin will continue to fluctuate quarter to quarter because many things impact margin. He said Wal-Mart is doing a good job of buying product at the right price. McMillon said scaling the e-commerce business is what matters now. He told analysts when they think about Wal-Mart to not just consider running good stores and delivering on e-commerce but to consider the possibilities that some of the digital applications now available to managing departments within stores is essentially applying machine learning to inventory management. “We can be in some ways a tech company, but people don’t think of us that way,” McMillon said. Analysts also asked execs what they could expect to see going forward with e-commerce growth and if there was a point where that growth would level off. “We are not talking about growth going forward but we are happy with the progress we are making,” Lore said. “We’re happy with the results we are seeing on two-day free shipping with no membership and easy reorder is bringing online customers back more often and we are seeing a nice uptick in the number of (general merchandise) orders being picked-up since we launched the pickup discount. Now, we are really focused on the value proposition and that’s something we have to work on,” Lore said. ‘WIN WITH THE CUSTOMER’ McMillon did not give analysts an idea on how much or when the retailer will leverage its e-commerce business to bring costs down for the entire company following its “productivity loop” operating plan. “We are not calling out any e-commerce leverage point at this stage. Think of it as moving parts … the speed of change has picked up. Marc is moving fast as we all are and with some of the changes we are making it’s hard to forecast but we are going to win with the customer,” McMillon said. “We have a lot of ideas on how we can make that happen.” Analysts also asked Lore about intentions to grow online inventory further for the two-day free shipping plan. Roughly 2 million items are now slated for the free delivery. Lore said growing the inventory is more about getting the right items than just procuring more items. He said they will continue to add more products into the two-day program. He said the top 1 million items sold online represent about two-thirds of all online sales. He said a million items is equal to all the items a shopper will find adding up all the products in mass retailers or specialty retailers within a 10-mile radius of their home. Lore said working at Walmart.com feels like he’s working at a startup. He also said the growth in e-commerce is attributed to new and existing customers ordering more products amid a better assortment and price leadership. U.S. STORES Foran, happy about the recent quarter’s results, told analysts there’s much work to do in the U.S. business and he assessed the turnaround job he began over two years ago as only one-third complete. He said as you lap year one and then year two and you see marked improvements and the “goal posts” may be moved because of potential that emerges. “I see a lot more we can do with Marc and Dave (Cheesewright, CEO of Walmart International) so a reference I have used before — fixing to leading — I think we have bent our back and fixed the fundamentals in the business and now have earned the right to start leading in a number of things. We have a bit of head room now to do some interesting things with Dave and his team. Clearly, the intersection with Marc’s business and our 4,676 Walmart Stores, excluding Sam’s Clubs, is a pretty exciting proposition,” Foran said. McMiillon said he likes the prospects for stores to continue doing well, all while Lore’s team focuses on conveniences like pick-up options and skip-the-line in pharmacy while reordering prescriptions via the Walmart app. He is reminded that in the United Kingdom, where Walmart ASDA has been doing grocery delivery for 20 years, 90% of sales still come via stores. “I like that,” McMillion added, noting that consumers want options that include online and in-store experiences. Cheesewright said the U.K. shopper who uses stores and online spends more than the shopper justing buying in-stores and those buying only online. MEDIA SESSION McMillon took 15 minutes to address the media after the analyst question and answer session. “Wal-Mart is trying hard to win with customers and we are working on cost and price, we are working on assortment and working on experience where there is a lot of innovation now and we are starting to find ways to not only build an e-commerce business but to change the way everything works including the store experience. We have to get to where we can make things faster and easier for them (customers) and we are really excited about doing that. We are still working to try to take advantage of the size and scale of the company to do good things, shape how supply chains work — whether it’s fishing in Thailand or factories in Asia or here in the U.S.— to make sure everything is happening in the right way. We are proud of the progress we’ve made and the goals we set and we still have a lot to do. … But that’s why I like working at Wal-Mart.” McMillon was asked what the company was doing to fix pricing differences on items sold in stores compared to like products sold online. He said online pricing mechanisms move faster than in physical stores. He said pricing in stores should come down in some instances but in certain categories prices are cheaper in-store compared to online. He said the challenge is the retailer can’t ignore competition which includes online which makes for a tricky puzzle to solve. He said Cheesewright, Foran and Lore have worked to try and harmonize pricing and also manage margins. “We are in this business for the long term and we can’t do things overnight. We have to plan to do things to fix problems like this over time by category,” McMillon said. He also was asked if President Donald Trump’s withdrawal from the Paris Climate Accord would cause him to withdraw from  the President’s Advisory Council. Tesla owner Elon Musk stepped off the council following Trump’s decision. “We are disappointed by this and the administration is aware of that. We are going to continue to work on it here … on ways to be more sustainable that will allow us to lower costs and connect the dots and we’ve told the administration that. I do not plan to withdraw from the forum that I am participating in because I’d like to participate and there will be other issues that come up and I didn’t expect what we wanted to happen would happen in every case. Engagement gives us a chance to share point of view and do good things and I want to keep doing that,” McMillon said. He also was asked about the potential impact to Walmart U.S. from German discount grocer Lidl, which is opening its first 15 stores in the Carolinas, Virginia and Pennsylavania in the next two weeks. “Competition is good for the customer and over time it has made us better. In the U.S. we saw this coming and we started working on our private label specs and other things very early on which puts us in maybe a better position. We still have work to do on fresh presentation, rotation and management of fresh but we are working hard and making progress. We are more comfortable with our position today than I was before, but we still have a lot of work to do. We can get better,” McMillon said. McMillon also was asked to provide some lessons learned from the now six-year investigation of the Federal Corruption Practices Act that has cost the retailer time and more than $837 million defending itself against violation claims, and also reinforcing its own internal compliance protocol. McMillon was CEO of Walmart International when the investigation began in late 2011. “One of the things I have learned in this process is that the disciplines and (14) areas of compliance have to be stood up … things like permits and licenses, pharmacy compliance and food safety. You need expertise in each of the 14 areas, give them the right investment class processes, support them with systems and then you need visibility to see across. We had compliance resources scattered all over the place. In some cases, they were functioning very well reporting up to operational leaders. But over the last few years, we have put things together and connected the dots in a way that has strengthened our compliance and ethics programs, and it’s one of the things I am really and sincerely proud of. You have to be vigilant. There is always work to do, but we have learned a lot and benefited from the things that we have done. Over time, I think our business is stronger as a result of the changes that we have made.” Comments comments Previous post Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Next post Lawrence County Detention Center project on schedule and below projected budget Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Jason England Cash flow critical in commercial construction Marshall Ney A win for wet communities in Arkansas Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, curly mustaches and lost causes Gov. Asa Hutchinson Computer coding enthusiasm Tamika Edwards Ending poverty one judgment at a time Latest Popular Lawrence County Detention Center project on schedule and below projected budget 2 hours ago Wal-Mart execs respond to analysts and media questions on e-commerce, corruption investigation 8 hours ago Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration 13 hours ago Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission 13 hours ago Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate 13 hours ago Ernest Hemingway’s refuge in Northeast Arkansas continues to attract visitors 2,127 views Annual meeting entertainment rooted in Sam Walton’s desire for a good time 2,123 views Chick-fil-A files site plan for third location in Rogers 1,955 views The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks 1,601 views Arkansas congressional delegation applauds Trump’s withdrawal from climate treaty 1,435 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Blockchain seen as tool in food safety By Afp Published: 15:38 EDT, 4 June 2017 | Updated: 15:38 EDT, 4 June 2017 e-mail Wal-Mart Stores is testing blockchain, the underlying technology behind virtual currency bitcoin, on mangos The food industry is turning to the same technology used by virtual currencies to strengthen food safety and inventory management by tracking meats and crops from farm to table. Working with IBM, retail giant Wal-Mart Stores is testing the technology system on mangos in the United States and pork in China. Blockchain, the underlying technology behind virtual currency bitcoin, is a digital system that allows counter parties to transact using individual codes for goods. "I see a lot of potential to create what I call a digital and transparent food system," said Wal-Mart food safety vice president Frank Yiannas. The technology enables different parties in the supply chain to share details such as the date an animal was slaughtered or the weather conditions at harvest time. Data can be stored through a photograph on a smartphone that is transmitted onto a dedicated platform. The system also can also counter fraud and mistaken deliveries, champions of the technology say. "The advantage of blockchain is that the ledger is immediately updated and all the parties have access to the latest information," said Bill Fearnley, Jr. an expert at market intelligence firm IDC. Supporters of blockchain are especially keen to address salmonella and other food safety problems that can cause health scares that weigh on corporate reputation and damage sales. The technology allows a more efficient response if there is a problem, enabling companies to locate the source of an incident more quickly, Yiannas said. He pointed to a 2006 case where it took hundreds of investigators and two weeks to identify the source of bad spinach under a paper-based system. But blockchain "reduces tracing from days to seconds," Yiannas said. "The more accurately you can track food, the better." - Demand for transparency - The other great virtue of blockchain is enhanced transparency by letting consumers look up key information on where food comes from, an asset amid growing concerns about genetically-modified crops and artificial ingredients. That additional transparency also can help promote more desirable practices. British online startup Provenance used blockchain technology to test tuna caught in Indonesia to help corroborate claims the fish were responsibly caught. The technology also has been embraced by companies in the jewelry business to fight the sale of so-called "conflict diamonds," which come from war-torn regions. "Our goal is to provide transparency at every step of a diamond's journey and ultimately re-shape the way we trade diamonds globally," said Leanne Kemp chief executive of Everledger, a British company that tracks diamonds from the mines to jewelry stores. But to completely function as a system, all the parties need to participate, Fearnley said. Danish shipping giant Maersk estimates the technology could save billions of dollars by eliminating fraud and incorrect deliveries. It is testing the technology with container ships between Kenya and the Netherlands. But the transition will require investment. A refrigerated product raised in Africa and shipped to Europe requires at least 30 people with some 200 interactions among parties, including customs, taxes, and food safety oversight. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim said to her during Manchester concert PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Proud parents Sugar and spice: Rhian Sugden puts on a busty display in a candy cane swimsuit on holiday in Turkey as she gets intimate with fiancé Oliver Mellor Little Mix are criticised for their 'naked' stage outfits at family-friendly One Love benefit concert Divided opinion with their racy costumes Ariana Grande sparks engagement confusion with a rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at One Love Manchester 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologises to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her 'cracking voice'... after criticising her for jetting home following attack 'That was painful': Anthea Turner's ex-husband Grant Bovey told her he 'might' have stayed if they had been able to conceive together... despite FIVE failed bouts of IVF Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies  Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht in Cannes with Rod Stewart, 72 England ace Raheem Sterling arrives in Jamaica with the stunning model he whisked away 'while his girlfriend was left at home with their baby' Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA That'll get his attention Pregnant Charlotte Church shows off her mum-to-be figure in fishnets and knee-high boots as she hits the stage AGAIN in tiny pants Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at One Love concert in Manchester... but fans are left disappointed as brother Noel doesn't join for Oasis reunion 'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Heart-wrenching 'I was out of control': Louise Thompson flaunts her fit figure... as she reveals she's quit drinking for 'zen' life after 'jumping from one relationship to the next' 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Radiated glamour and celeb status 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Something for the ex-girlfriend? 'I missed my family and friends': Michelle Keegan cuts her 30th birthday cake as she's spoiled by Our Girl cast... while Mark Wright parties in Magaluf  What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Kendall, 21, went casual, Hailey smart Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig Braless pop star Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Joined Pharrell onstage Robbie Williams finally reunites with Take That onstage - but NOT for a song - as both acts take the stage at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester gig Will.i.am insists he MEANT to say hello to London at One Love gig as he hits back after awkwardly mistaking Manchester for the capital twice 'As a father, this has made me truly sad': Family man David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' Manchester as he sends video to One Love gig Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her The group took the stage to wow the crowd Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Put romance aside Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Snapped leaving a fitness facility  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Happy families Sophie Ellis-Sex-tor! Hitmaker dresses in uncharacteristically racy negligee to perform at Mighty Hoopla festival Murder On The Dancefloor singer Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards She wore a green and grey frock 'I'm not afraid': Ashley James heads to Might Hoopla festival in rock-chic attire... as she shares her defiance against London attack Bold display Louisa Johnson flashes her toned midriff in sporty cropped tee and TINY denim hotpants as she parties the day away at the Mighty Hoopla festival  Bra-vo: Fleur East steals show at London festival in very revealing red fishnet blouse and tartan kilt ensemble Former X Factor runner-up Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Cute twosome Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Strutted into Los Angeles International Airport  Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation 'I've been crying so much today': Pregnant Erin McNaught reveals her 'overwhelming deep sadness' after the London terror attacks Overwhelming sadness Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his bikini-clad girlfriend Vogue Williams lives it up in Marbella Time apart Coronation Street's Brooke Vincent indulges in a cigarette and a glass of rosé as she celebrates her 25th birthday with a knees-up in Manchester Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Out for a family day as a threesome Leggy Laura Whitmore looks festival-ready in a plunging blouse and tiny shorts at Mighty Hoopla event Dared to show off more skin Britain's got talent, but there wasn't much in the BGT final: Claudia Connell reviews last weekend's TV  Summed up Saturday night's lacklustre viewing 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car Plump pout Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Commanding attention Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe Reunited Dean Gaffney's, 39, girlfriend Rebekah Ward, 23, goes braless in a summer top as they head home from British Soap Awards after he teases his soap return Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Three kids Camden Jaxon and Saylor She has a sizzling Ora! Rita sends the temperature soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy beachwear shoot That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Real Housewives Of New York City star   Is that you, Seal? Sonia Kruger shares incredible flashback snap of the singer with dreadlocks before he shaved his head in 1994 Who's that guy? They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort on whirlwind honeymoon The one lesson I've learned from life: Singer Corinne Bailey Rae on why we should all help others more Grammy award-winning British singer Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Want their five-year-old daughter Blue Ivy there SPOILER ALERT: Jack Branning breaks down as he prepares to give up stepson Matthew to Charlie Cotton as EastEnders tease sad farewell Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' Rugby WAG Camilla Kerslake shows off her svelte figure in a pink and cream striped jumpsuit as she joins glamorous guests at restaurant event Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program Off-duty Lily Donaldson puts her feet up as she enjoys cocktails with a mystery male companion in Portofino A low key outing A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Family time Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City The 29-year-old strolled with a friend Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Attention-grabbing Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Third time's a charm? Dragon's Den star Duncan Bannatyne, 68, marries fiancee Nigora Whitehorn, 38, at intimate beach ceremony in Portugal Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving a restaurant Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals She takes time out for causes she believes in 'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' Staging a photo Yellow fever! Rhian Sugden puts on an eye-popping display in a tiny canary bikini in Turkey... and jokingly poses in belly dancing outfit with fiancé Oliver Mellor The morning after the night before: Make-up free Coronation Street star Lucy Fallon looks sheepish after looking worse for wear at British Soap Awards afterparty Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Delfin 'was one of the most charismatic designers in Spain' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Honorary degree They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Bright and beautiful  Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert in aid of Manchester terror attack victims Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Family outing New father Shayne Ward goes arm-in-arm with girlfriend Sophie Austin at British Soap Awards five months after birth of their baby New parents Jacqueline Jossa and Dan Osborne are glued to their phones inside British Soap Awards... but Catherine Tyldesley and Faye Brookes can't stop gossiping 'It's been a heartbreaking time': Coronation Street actress Catherine Tyldesley pays tribute to the Manchester bombing victims with symbolic bee clutch bag Love Island's Olivia Buckland threatens to spill out of her skimpy bikini top... as she packs on the PDA with fiancé Alex Bowen during getaway to Cape Verde Not her usual style! Nicole Kidman wears a mustard yellow sports jersey as she watches a hockey match with husband Keith Urban PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Raheem Sterling, 22, 'jetted off to Jamaica with model, 23, a day after taking teenage PC World worker back to his hotel after shisha bar date' Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Restaurant row Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage Tied the knot in 2013 Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas 'She has no idea how anyone got hold of them': Corrie's Kym Marsh 'upset and shocked after intimate photos were leaked online ahead of British Soap Awards triumph' 'We have spoken about it': Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has 'changed' him Bust have been a good night! Scott Disick cuddles up to a topless beauty as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Catherine Tyldesley leads eye-popping style in sizzling slinky floor-length gown alongside Nikki Sanderson and Stephanie Waring at the British Soap Awards Pianist Tokio Myers is crowned the winner of BGT after being inspired to enter by 'big sister' Amy Winehouse... as he beats child magician Issy Simpson in final 'Deeply uncomfortable viewing': BGT viewers are outraged by child comic Ned Woodman, 9, as he savages the judges and stars in action-packed final  'Is she getting married?' BGT's Amanda Holden shocks viewers AGAIN with bridal inspired gown as Alesha Dixon puts on a VERY leggy display 'The money has gone to her head': Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil' Looking bow-tiful: Ashley James puts on a leggy display in a monochrome mini dress at the British Soap Awards after party Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in Chelsea Geordie Shore star Marnie Simpson flashes her legs in a colourful minidress as she continues her book signing tour in Sheffield 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin in a series of tweets and insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in PAJAMAS Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off her plump pout as she strips off to flaunt her pert derriere during chilled out beach day in Barbados 'It's been incredible fun!' Thomas Cocquerel discusses playing the 'incredibly complex' Hollywood star Errol Flynn in new biopic Nothing but praise 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Emmerdale sweeps the board at the British Soap Awards 2017 with SIX gongs including Best Soap as EastEnders go home virtually empty handed 'I'm going home to my family': Katie Price looks shaken as she is escorted out of G-A-Y nightclub after cancelling performance in wake of London terror attack 'I don't give two ****s!' Defiant Tina Malone, 54, confirms surrogacy plans after revealing ambitions for third child... and she will CHOOSE the sex of baby Coronation star Lucy Fallon appears worse for wear following the British Soap Awards afterparty after losing out on Best Actress gong  Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Greg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs 'She was standing there and I fell in love with her': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife Richard Branson pays for hen party who were chucked off a flight because they were wearing 'B****es on tour' T-shirts to go on 'dream holiday' to Las Vegas David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out' their £5 million country estate... because 'the roof colours don't match' Princess Charlene exudes glamour in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for water bike challenge in Nice Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica Issy Simpson, eight, scolds Ant McPartlin after he gets the magician's name wrong during Britain's Got Talent final 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Lionel Richie's bassist Ethan Farmer 'hospitalised after he repeatedly stabbed himself following a horrific reaction to marijuana-filled snacks' Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Heavily pregnant Chelsee Healey cradles her baby bump in clingy scarlet jumpsuit as she rocks the red carpet at the British Soap Awards 2017 Sealed with a kiss! Strictly champ Ore Oduba and his wife Portia pack on PDA as they can't keep their hands off each other at the British Soap Awards  Something getting you down? Eastenders actress Jacqueline Jossa looks stony-faced at the British Soap Awards afterparty with fiancé Dan Osborne Chained to the rhythm! Katy Perry will perform at The Voice Australia grand final as she returns Down Under for Witness concert tour Live shows have begun GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with posh tradition by donning a wedding ring Unlike other high-society husbands Amy Childs shows off her slender post-baby body in chic blouse and skinny jeans as she cradles newborn baby Polly on morning stroll New mum 'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims 'You just proved how powerful music is': Alesha Dixon bursts into tears as the Missing People Choir leave the judges overwhelmed in Britain's Got Talent final Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' Tearful Kym Marsh dedicates her Best Female Dramatic Performance win at the British Soap Awards 2017 to her late son Archie  'This one's for you, angel': Zoe Ball returns to Radio 2 for the first time since her lover was found dead by dedicating to him the song Do I Love You (Indeed I Do) 'You're in with a shot tonight': Simon Cowell praises MerseyGirls as they wow at BGT final... and confirms he'll fund £78,000 life-changing spine surgery for teen dancer Julia Carlile Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top and high-waisted jeans as she spends the day with friends Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony in the early hours  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan Just do it! Bella Hadid embraces a sporty look as she flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms Top of the crops Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills The 21-year-old stunner is enjoying life GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since It was a two-day rave Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel Coronation Street's Lucy Fallon dazzles in a plunging peach gown at Soap Awards... after leaving Corrie viewers 'heartbroken' with grooming storyline 'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat She switched up her game 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Natural Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     NEWS & INFORMATION FOR TECHNOLOGY PURCHASERS. UPDATED 5 MINUTES AGO. Home Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Automotive Tech CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content You are here: Home / World Wide Web / Walmart Tests Delivery by Employees Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Walmart Tests Delivery by Store Employees To Speed Online Orders By Christopher S. Rugaber PUBLISHED: JUNE 04 2017 In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online, while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company's annual meeting. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart's labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. "When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more," said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home -- what the industry refers to as the "last mile" -- "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: iStock. Read more on: E-Commerce, Online Shopping, Customer Service, Walmart, Amazon, Amazon Prime, Alibaba Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Walmart Tests Delivery by Employees 2. Is Computer Glare Aging Your Skin? 3. Alexa: Take Me Out to the Ball Game 4. MS Reboots Skype with New Features 5. Essential Home to Run All Assistants MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN WORLD WIDE WEB 1. Walmart Tests Delivery by Employees 2. 70% of Smartphone Apps Track Users 3. Wal-Mart Tries To Catch Amazon 4. Amazon Joins the $1,000 Club 5. Zuckerberg: No Candidacy Ahead NEWSFACTOR.COM Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Automotive Tech CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Mon, Jun 05, 2017 - Page 14　 Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Blockchain could be used as a tool in food safety AFP, NEW YORK The food industry is turning to the same technology used by virtual currencies to enhance food safety and inventory management by tracking meats and crops from farm to table. Working with IBM Corp, retail giant Wal-Mart Stores Inc is testing the technology system on mangoes in the US and pork in China. Blockchain, the underlying technology behind virtual currency bitcoin, is a digital system that allows counterparties to transact using individual codes for goods. “I see a lot of potential to create what I call a digital and transparent food system,” Walmart vice president of food safety Frank Yiannas said. The technology enables different parties in the supply chain to share details such as the date an animal was slaughtered or the weather conditions at harvest time. Data can be stored through a photograph on a smartphone that is transmitted onto a dedicated platform. The system could also counter fraud and mistaken deliveries, champions of the technology say. “The advantage of blockchain is that the ledger is immediately updated and all the parties have access to the latest information,” said Bill Fearnley Jr, an expert at market intelligence firm IDC Corp. Supporters of blockchain are especially keen to address salmonella and other food safety problems that could cause health scares that weigh on corporate reputation and damage sales. The technology allows a more efficient response if there is a problem, enabling companies to more quickly locate the source of an incident, Yiannas said. He pointed to a 2006 case where it took hundreds of investigators two weeks to identify the source of bad spinach. However, blockchain “generally takes days to trace,” Yiannas said. “The more accurately you can track food, the better.” The other great virtue of blockchain is enhanced transparency by letting consumers look up key information on where food comes from, an asset amid growing concerns about genetically-modified crops and artificial ingredients. That additional transparency could also help promote more desirable practices. British start-up Provenance used blockchain technology to test tuna caught in Indonesia to help corroborate claims the fish were responsibly caught. The technology has also been embraced by companies in the jewelry business to fight the sale of so-called “conflict diamonds,” which come from war-torn regions. “Our goal is to provide transparency at every step of a diamond’s journey and ultimately reshape the way we trade diamonds globally,” said Leanne Kemp, chief executive of Everledger, a British company that tracks diamonds from the mines to jewelry stores. However, to completely function as a system, all the parties need to participate, Fearnley said. Danish shipping giant Maersk Line estimates the technology could save billions of US dollars by eliminating fraud and incorrect deliveries. It is testing the technology with container ships between Kenya and the Netherlands. However, the transition will require investment. A refrigerated product raised in Africa and shipped to Europe requires at least 30 people with about 200 interactions among parties, including customs, taxes and food safety oversight. This story has been viewed 988 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-05-29 to 2017-06-05 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Toy gun maker sent to prison 2 Torrential rain floods northern areas 3 League might soon be linked to KMT 4 Beijing’s handling of Lee’s case is backfiring 5 Father George Martinson dies MORE  1 Torrential rain floods northern areas 2 Toy gun maker sent to prison 3 Extension requested for 228 claimants 4 Father George Martinson dies 5 Regulations stifling tech industry: TCA chairman MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 5 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Digital Life / Walmart Tests Delivery by Employees Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Walmart Tests Delivery by Store Employees To Speed Online Orders By Christopher S. Rugaber PUBLISHED: JUNE 04 2017 In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online, while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company's annual meeting. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart's labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. "When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more," said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home -- what the industry refers to as the "last mile" -- "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: iStock. Read more on: E-Commerce, Online Shopping, Customer Service, Walmart, Amazon, Amazon Prime, Alibaba Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. 1980 Letter Fueled Opioid Epidemic 2. Is Computer Glare Aging Your Skin? 3. Investors Pick Tesla Over GM 4. Alaska Space Biz Shows Signs of Life 5. Google Expands Paid Carpooling MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN DIGITAL LIFE 1. Adobe Scan: Docs into Editable PDFs 2. OneLogin Hit by Massive Data Breach 3. Essential Home to Run All Assistants 4. MS Reboots Skype with New Features 5. Walmart Tests Delivery by Employees SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     BUSINESS NEWS FOR TECHNOLOGY DECISION-MAKERS. UPDATED 5 MINUTES AGO. Home Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Automotive Tech Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Cybercrime Tech Trends Contributed Content You are here: Home / Customer Service / Walmart Tests Delivery by Employees Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Walmart Tests Delivery by Store Employees To Speed Online Orders By Christopher S. Rugaber PUBLISHED: JUNE 04 2017 In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online, while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company's annual meeting. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart's labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. "When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more," said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home -- what the industry refers to as the "last mile" -- "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: iStock. Read more on: E-Commerce, Online Shopping, Customer Service, Walmart, Amazon, Amazon Prime, Alibaba Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Walmart Tests Delivery by Employees 2. MS Reboots Skype with New Features 3. Essential Home to Run All Assistants 4. OneLogin Hit by Massive Data Breach 5. France Warns of Cyberspace War MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN CUSTOMER SERVICE 1. Walmart Tests Delivery by Employees 2. Dell Standardizes on Salesforce CRM 3. What Type Service Bot Do You Like? 4. Heavy Duty Delivery Drones Ahead 5. Cisco Buys AI Startup MindMeld NEWSFACTOR BUSINESS REPORT Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Automotive Tech Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Cybercrime Tech Trends Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Analysts Find Gold, Dross in Retail Stocks By Paul Ausick June 4, 2017 10:08 am EDT Print Email Tweet Source: ThinkstockWhat started out as a miserable recitation of quarterly earnings from some of the country’s biggest retailers was saved by a handful of late reports that came in better than expected. The good news is the patient still has a pulse. Analysts at Gordon Haskett Research Advisors on Friday published a note that included the firm’s take on 10 retail stocks. The note used a “Top 10 Awards” approach based on titles from some hit songs by the Rolling Stones. Not all the awards are necessarily ones that retailers would be happy to win. Here’s our summary of the awards and the analysts’ ratings and price targets. Wayfair Inc. (NYSE: W): Reiterated Buy rating and $70 price target The “I Can’t Get No Satisfaction”, Most Valuable Quarter (MVQ) Award. Post a solid 1Q print, Wayfair leaves us wanting more! To this end, with accelerating sales trends intra-quarter (and into April) along with favorable [Key Performance Indicators] KPI metrics almost across the board, the online player had a breakout print, leading the stock to all-time highs. Importantly, looking ahead, our proprietary email receipt data analysis suggests a continuation of that trend into May, which should translate into another healthy 2Q print. Macy’s Inc. (NYSE: M): Reiterated Hold rating and $25 price target The “Paint It Black”, Least Valuable Quarter (LVQ) Award. [Macy’s] set the table for a difficult 1Q EPS season posting a surprising 5.2% [same-store sales] SSS drop. More shocking to us was the lack of meaningful pick-up in sales trends during the March/April period (vs. February) – a concerning development. Williams-Sonoma Inc. (NYSE: WSM): Reiterated Accumulate rating and $62 price target The “You Can’t Always Get What You Want” Award. [Williams-Sonoma] reported a very solid 1Q (all five banners improving sequentially on the stacks) following our initiation report (5/8) … Indeed, the [Pottery Barn] division showed some life in the first quarter and WSM’s overall comparable brand guidance of 1-3% appears conservative . . . yet the stock wasn’t able to hold its gains as the bear camp dug in deeper. Costco Wholesale Corp. (NASDAQ: COST): Reiterated Accumulate rating and $191 price target The “Gimme Shelter” Award. We continue to view [Costco] as a core holding where investors can feel comfortable taking shelter. … Looking out, with easing core/GAAP SSS compares on the horizon (+ strong May SSS with core comp of ~4.5%) and its offensive/defensive attributes in place, the stock remains a relatively safe play, in our view. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT): Reiterated Buy rating and $90 price target The “Start Me Up” Award. “This is not your father’s Wal-Mart anymore”. In fact,following the end of its $6.0 [billion] SG&A investment, WMT is just getting started. … Looking ahead, our proprietary five city/nation-wide monthly pricing work (~200 SKU’s) is revealing steady price cuts by Wal-Mart over the past two months, suggesting the company is finally primed to regain its productivity loop – driving traffic higher in the coming months and see its 2Q SSS guidance of 1.5-2.0% as confidence that the team from Bentonville has momentum in its business. Target Corp. (NYSE: TGT): Reiterated Sell rating and $48 price target The “Beast of Burden” Award. The Beast of Burden is the outlaw ballad that captured the mood of the Stones at the end of the 1970’s – in other words, embattled and staring down an uncertain future. …  Our guarded view on the stock centers on the pace at which Target is re-investing in (1) price, (2) in-stores, and (3) digitally to maintain share. All told, while Target’s 1Q print was better-than-expected on the EPS front, our concern on the speed at which Target is moving remains unwavered. Whole Foods Market Inc. (NASDAQ: WFM): Reiterated Buy rating and $42 price target The “Time Is On My Side” Award. Whole Foods near-term fundamental outlook took a back seat in 2Q when the company took a number of steps to institute change down in Austin … Recall, our [May 8 coverage] initiation was predicated on the need for change at Whole Foods and with a new Board in place and a change agent in Jana waiting in the wings . . . we believe our patience will ultimately be rewarded …. Dollar Tree Inc. (NASDAQ: DLTR): Reiterated Buy rating and $98 price target The “Waiting on a Friend” Award. The core Dollar Tree business had a very sound 1Q with SSS rising 2.5% – accelerating roughly 110 basis points sequentially on the stacks. … Unfortunately, the company’s Family Dollar division posted a negative 1.2% comp with overall EBIT margins dropping ~50 basis points year-over-year to 4.6%.  As a result of the divergence in performance between the two banners and our long-term view that the DLTR management team will fix a non-structurally impaired [Family Dollar] banner, Dollar Tree receives the “Waiting on a Friend” Award for 1Q. J.C. Penney Co. Inc. (NYSE: JCP): Reiterated Reduce rating and $4.50 price target The “Play with Fire” Award. As noted in the past, after years of underinvestment/misdirection combined with the missteps surrounding the Ron Johnson experiment, JCPenney has dug itself a big hole.  Said differently, the brand is arguably tired and not resonating with consumers like it did in the 1970’s/1980’s. … Despite this shortfall, the team from Plano kept its FY17 SSS guidance (-1% to +1%) intact … While plausible, we would have preferred a more conservative view …. Dollar General Inc. (NYSE: DG): Raised to Accumulate and $84 price target The “Miss You” Award. We’ve long been fans of the team from Goodlettsville, so our former Reduce Rating was an unusual stance for us . . . but one that we felt was appropriate nevertheless. However, after taking into consideration an array of new data points since our 5/8 initiation, including: (1) less than stellar results from Family Dollar (SSS down 1.2% in 1Q); (2) favorable developments from our proprietary traffic survey that showed Dollar General scoring the highest amongst its dollar store peer group (with healthy trends in May); and (3) encouraging results from our five city/200 SKU pricing survey that showed DG holding a 1.2% price advantage over Wal-Mart – putting the company in a position of strength (vs. weakness), we felt a change in view was necessary. By Paul Ausick « IPOs This Week: ShotSpotter Headlines Limited Action “Wonder Woman” Hits $100 Million, Record For Female Director » Read more: Retail, Analyst Upgrades, Costco Wholesale (NASDAQ:COST), Dollar General (NYSE:DG), Dollar Tree Stores (NASDAQ:DLTR), J.C. Penney Company, Inc. (NYSE:JCP), Macy's, Inc. (NYSE:M), Target (NYSE:TGT), W, Whole Foods Market (NASDAQ:WFM), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT), Williams-Sonoma (NYSE:WSM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Americans Are Abandoning The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class Cities Where Crime Is Soaring The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America The Most Dangerous City in Every State Recent “Wonder Woman” Hits $100 Million, Record For Female Director Analysts Find Gold, Dross in Retail Stocks IPOs This Week: ShotSpotter Headlines Limited Action Chinese Admit Cars Are Major Source Of Air Pollution Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 11 Million Americans Are Making This Huge Money Mistake 1 Important Portfolio Checkup You Need to Do in 2017 An Apple Inc. Supplier Seems to Confirm the iPhone 8 Delay Prime Minister Theresa May: London incidents to be treated as terror incidents Dow, S&P 500 end up 0.3%; Nasdaq Composite closes up 0.9% Nasdaq logs a 1.5% weekly return Does the Stock Market Care About the Paris Climate Deal? American Express (AXP) Gains Exclusive Card Deal for Hilton Bank Stock Roundup: Weak Q2 Trading Outlook Raises Concern, BofA & Citi in Focus Sears says some Kmart customer credit card numbers compromised US energy chief reassures Japan of commitment to environment Warren Buffett's annual lunch auction starts Sunday evening 'Wonder Woman' Shatters Box Office With Biggest Female Director Opening. Ever. SpaceX Launches First Recycled Cargo Ship Into Orbit A New Bill Would Protect Immigrant Farmworkers. It Has Little Chance Of Survival. Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Leggett & Platt, Inc. (LEG) Shares Bought by Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) Given Media Impact Score of 0.35 Aqua America (WTR) Receives Media Impact Rating of -0.12 Exxon Mobil (XOM) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports York Water (YORW) Given Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.29 Willamette Valley Vineyards (WVVI) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Zions Bancorp (ZION) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds Lexington Realty Trust (LXP) Shares Bought by Texas Permanent School Fund Big Lots, Inc. (BIG) Stake Reduced by Texas Permanent School Fund Texas Permanent School Fund Sells 114 Shares of Anixter International Inc. (AXE) American Financial Group Inc. Has $2,848,000 Stake in BP plc (BP) Check Capital Management Inc. CA Sells 167,135 Shares of AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Neuburgh Advisers LLC Sells 49,266 Shares of Valero Energy Co. (VLO) Abeona Therapeutics Inc (ABEO) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $240,000.00 AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Shares Sold by Wedbush Securities Inc. YorkBridge Wealth Partners LLC Has $164,000 Stake in McKesson Co. (MCK) TD Asset Management Inc. Has $1.24 Million Position in Home Bancshares Inc (HOMB) TD Asset Management Inc. Has $1,353,000 Position in MGM Growth Properties LLC (MGP) TD Asset Management Inc. Takes Position in Dermira Inc (DERM) Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) Given Media Impact Score of 0.35 June 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media coverage about Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) has been trending positive on Sunday, AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis reports. AlphaOne, a service of Accern, scores the sentiment of press coverage by reviewing more than twenty million blog and news sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Wal-Mart Stores earned a media sentiment score of 0.35 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave media stories about the retailer an impact score of 75 out of 100, meaning that recent press coverage is likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the immediate future. These are some of the media headlines that may have effected Alpha One Sentiment Analysis’s scoring: Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Employees to Delivery Online Orders on Their Commute Home – Investorplace.com (investorplace.com) Investors Buy High Volume of Call Options on Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) (americanbankingnews.com) Is Wal-Mart a Threat to Amazon? (finance.yahoo.com) 3 Ways Retailers Are Using Artificial Intelligence to Help Save Stores (finance.yahoo.com) Wal-mart (WMT) Reports Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Voting Results (streetinsider.com) A number of research firms have recently commented on WMT. Vetr downgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $82.17 price objective on the stock. in a report on Thursday. Robert W. Baird set a $85.00 price objective on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday. Wells Fargo & Co restated a “neutral” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Monday, May 29th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $88.00 price objective on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, May 29th. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein set a $75.00 target price on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, May 29th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have given a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company. Wal-Mart Stores presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $78.41. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) opened at 79.62 on Friday. The company has a 50 day moving average of $76.42 and a 200 day moving average of $71.44. The company has a market cap of $241.65 billion, a PE ratio of 18.08 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores has a 52 week low of $65.28 and a 52 week high of $79.93. Wal-Mart Stores also saw some unusual options trading activity on Thursday. Stock traders bought 3,595 call options on the stock. This is an increase of approximately 104% compared to the typical daily volume of 1,762 call options. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The company had revenue of $116.53 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $117.01 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.98 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores will post $4.36 EPS for the current year. In related news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,000,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.50, for a total transaction of $211,500,000.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $740,752,453.50. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider David Chojnowski sold 5,142 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, May 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $79.36, for a total transaction of $408,069.12. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 13,259,726 shares of company stock worth $1,016,472,206. 51.55% of the stock is owned by insiders. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/04/wal-mart-stores-wmt-given-media-impact-score-of-0-35.html. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it News Sport Trending Home Trending News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill PL Table Oddballs Club Metro Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Discounts Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Advertise Search Metro Follow us 118m shares Mum has a brilliant response to the woman in Walmart who called her son ‘repulsive’ Miranda Larbi for Metro.co.ukSunday 4 Jun 2017 1:30 pm (Picture: Dallas Lynn) This is 2-year-old Jameus. He was born with Hirschsprung’s disease – a rare condition that affects the intestines. Fitness blogger shows exactly how big an impact bloating can have on our bellies So far, he’s had 20 bouts of surgery and he’s been fitted with stomas and ostomies. But he still accompanies mum Dallas Lynn on her grocery trips to Walmart like any other mischievous toddler. The other week, however, the pair were at the supermarket checkouts when a random woman called Jameaus ‘repulsive’. (Picture: Dallas Lynn) In a Facebook post, Dallas says that Jameus wanted to be cuddled and as she picked him up out of the shopping trolley, she exposed his two stoma bags. ‘Typically, I have a onesie underneath his shirt but tonight I just got him dressed quickly to run to the store,’ she says. ‘There was an older woman in line behind me who caught a glimpse and shrieked a little before she said to me, “why in the world would you let someone do that to him?”‘ Dallas gave her a shorted version of Jameus’ condition, without actually mentioning his rare disease. ‘She then goes, “well I am sorry but I just think that is so ‘repulsing’, can you please keep his shirt down?” At this point, I just wanted to shake this woman and scream “what is wrong with you?!” But instead, I told her to have a good night and went to another line.’ In response, Dallas has decided to share a picture of Jameus to show that there’s ‘nothing repulsive about (her) son’. ‘Stomas and ostomies seem to be taboo when in reality, over 500,000 Americans have one. My son’s disease may be rare, but his stomas are not. ‘Was this the first choice of a life I would have chosen for my son? Absolutely not. But this was his only shot at life. When he was two weeks old, his colon ruptured. It left him with a life-threatening infection that nearly killed him. His stoma saved his life. ‘There is a very good chance he will have these for the rest of his life and if he does, it will be my job to teach him a positive body image. It will be my job to teach him to love himself, and his bags. Had he been a couple years older and been able to understand the ignorance the lady was spewing in line behind us, how much of a negative impact do you think that would have had on him?’ (Picture: Dallas Lynn) The post has now been shared over 26,000 times with parents sharing pictures of their own stoma-bag wearing babies and leaving messages of support. ‘That lil’ guy is very handsome and that lady is an uneducated fool. Forget her and her rudeness… things happen in life and he should not have to feel ashamed or less of a person b/c of someone’s stupidity,’ writes one person. More: Health #JiggleForJoy is the body positivity movement that'll put a smile on your face This woman has written a letter to her bum dimple and it's pretty deep This app uses virtual reality to help people quit smoking for good And hopefully, the story will go some way to helping Dallas raise money for Jameus’ continued treatment. So far, she’s raised $10,748 (£8,335) on her Go Fund Me page – much of which will go towards funding trips to see a new surgeon out in Denver. The pair live in South Carolina. ‘Travelling back and forth will be extremely expensive,’ she says. (Picture: Go Fund Me) ‘As a single mum, I am supporting myself, Jameus, and paying for all the current treatment Jameus needs. This does not leave room to save for the trips to Denver. Even when I can save up some money for the trip, Jameus ends up needing another surgery or treatment. ‘My little boy deserves to start living his life without constant sickness, infection and surgeries. It will only be through the generosity of others that he can have a chance of a better quality of life.’ You can donate to Jameus’ surgery fund here. MORE: Men with inflammatory bowel disease answer questions on what it’s like to have a stoma bag MORE: What you need to know about ileostomy/colostomy bags and stomas (but were afraid to ask) The Fix The daily lifestyle email from Metro.co.uk. Sign up Find out more MoreFamiliesHealthParenting No parents gave their babies these names last year SponsoredThe best family holidays in the UK this summer Mum photographs five-year-old son in dresses to inspire other parents to be more accepting Stage three ovarian cancer patient sees tumours shrink after new drug trial Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » World Environment Day 2017: What you can do today to save the planet Get ready, guys: Lace pastel shorts for men have arrived Mum has a brilliant response to the woman in Walmart who called her son 'repulsive' Fitness blogger shows exactly how big an impact bloating can have on our bellies This 93-year-old bride is asking the internet to help pick her wedding dressMore trending stories » YOU ARE HERE: Health › Health Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending MetroUK @MetroUK © 2017 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices ContributorsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Monday, 05 Jun 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Monday, 05 Jun 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events Games The Express Tribune > Technology   Blockchain seen as tool in food safety Share Tweet Blockchain seen as tool in food safety Wal-Mart Stores is testin­g the techno­logy system on mangos By AFP Published: June 4, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email Wal-Mart Stores is testing the technology system on mangos . PHOTO: REUTERS NEW YORK: The food industry is turning to the same technology used by virtual currencies to strengthen food safety and inventory management by tracking meats and crops from farm to table. Working with IBM, retail giant Wal-Mart Stores is testing the technology system on mangos in the United States and pork in China. Blockchain, the underlying technology behind virtual currency bitcoin, is a digital system that allows counter parties to transact using individual codes for goods. “I see a lot of potential to create what I call a digital and transparent food system,” said Wal-Mart food safety vice president Frank Yiannas. The technology enables different parties in the supply chain to share details such as the date an animal was slaughtered or the weather conditions at harvest time. Data can be stored through a photograph on a smartphone that is transmitted onto a dedicated platform. Toyota, tech firms explore blockchain for driverless cars The system also can also counter fraud and mistaken deliveries, champions of the technology say. “The advantage of blockchain is that the ledger is immediately updated and all the parties have access to the latest information,” said Bill Fearnley, Jr. an expert at market intelligence firm IDC. Supporters of blockchain are especially keen to address salmonella and other food safety problems that can cause health scares that weigh on corporate reputation and damage sales. The technology allows a more efficient response if there is a problem, enabling companies to locate the source of an incident more quickly, Yiannas said. He pointed to a 2006 case where it took hundreds of investigators and two weeks to identify the source of bad spinach under a paper-based system. But blockchain “generally takes days to trace,” Yiannas said. “The more accurately you can track food, the better.” The other great virtue of blockchain is enhanced transparency by letting consumers look up key information on where food comes from, an asset amid growing concerns about genetically-modified crops and artificial ingredients. That additional transparency also can help promote more desirable practices. SBP studying new technology to protect against cybercrime British online startup Provenance used blockchain technology to test tuna caught in Indonesia to help corroborate claims the fish were responsibly caught. The technology also has been embraced by companies in the jewelry business to fight the sale of so-called “conflict diamonds,” which come from war-torn regions. “Our goal is to provide transparency at every step of a diamond’s journey and ultimately re-shape the way we trade diamonds globally,” said Leanne Kemp chief executive of Everledger, a British company that tracks diamonds from the mines to jewelry stores. But to completely function as a system, all the parties need to participate, Fearnley said. Danish shipping giant Maersk estimates the technology could save billions of dollars by eliminating fraud and incorrect deliveries. It is testing the technology with container ships between Kenya and the Netherlands. But the transition will require investment. A refrigerated product raised in Africa and shipped to Europe requires at least 30 people with some 200 interactions among parties, including customs, taxes, and food safety oversight. Read more: bitcoin , blockchain , Food safety Read full story Recommended Stories Coinbase suffers outages amid bitcoin surge The virtual currency hit a fresh all-time high of $2,760.10 Bitcoin soars above $2,400 to all-time high The virtual currency has more than doubled this year Bitcoin options exchange raises $11.4 million in funding LedgerX plans to operate regulated exchange and clearing house for bitcoin and other digital currencies Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 Singer Ali Haider lashes out at Waqar Zaka for exploiting Aamir Zaki's demise 2 India thrash Pakistan in Champions Trophy clash 3 Five talking points from Pakistan’s humiliation against India 4 Mardan Lynching: JIT says Mashal’s murder was premeditated 5 Woman kills husband for assaulting daughter-in-law 6 London terror attack death toll rises to seven 7 My last conversation with Aamir Zaki 8 Sponsored: The secret behind Fahad Mustafa’s unbeatable confidence and success 9 The story behind Aamir Zaki's 'Mera Pyar' in his own words 10 Transwoman arrested in Karachi for blackmail and murder Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (June 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (May 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (April 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (March 2017) More in TechnologyChina unveils world’s first driverless rail transit system © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters Business World Sports Magazine Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics Mobile App This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Business Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Home Business Retail June 4 2017 - 1:12PM Save Print Gwen Stefani and calls for better pay: Inside Walmart's AGM Abha Bhattarai facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Just after 8 am, a woman descends from the ceiling at the Bud Walton Arena, 30 miles from Walmart's headquarters. Gwen Stefani appears on stage and introduces the day's host, country singer Blake Shelton. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 04:37 Why investors are excited about Amazon Why investors are excited about Amazon Amazon shares reach a milestone by briefly rising above $US1000 for the first time on Tuesday. Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 Video duration 00:43 ASX winners and losers - a snapshot ASX winners and losers - a snapshot The stand out listings traded on the ASX captured at key moments through the day, as indicated by the time stamp in the video. Up Next Australia's economic growth conundrum Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:40 Video duration 02:40 Australia's economic growth conundrum Australia's economic growth conundrum Recent retail and capex numbers have shown positive signs of growth but some forecasters are predicting that the March quarter's GDP figures will be heading in the opposite direction. (This video was produced in commercial partnership between Fairfax Media and IG Markets) Up Next The unknown recession Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:53 Video duration 01:53 The unknown recession The unknown recession Australia may have enjoyed more than 25 years without a recession, but as Peter Martin explains, it's been a close run thing. Up Next Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Play Video Don't Play Video duration 06:47 Video duration 06:47 Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Virgin Group founder Richard Branson urges the importance of countries working together to tackle climate change. Up Next Wall Street signals bond yields to remain lower Play Video Don't Play Video duration 05:31 Video duration 05:31 Wall Street signals bond yields to remain ... Wall Street signals bond yields to remain lower The Australian dollar was around US50 cents the last time the yield advantage was this small. Up Next Scaremongering season Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:15 Video duration 02:15 Scaremongering season Scaremongering season The old rule applies: if an economist makes a dire prediction of doom and gloom, he or she gets plenty of media attention. Michael Pascoe comments. Up Next What to expect from retail sales Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:18 Video duration 02:18 What to expect from retail sales What to expect from retail sales AMP Chief Economist Shane Oliver predicts the risk of another RBA rate cut this year. More videos Why investors are excited about Amazon Amazon shares reach a milestone by briefly rising above $US1000 for the first time on Tuesday. "This reminds me of my Shelton family reunions," he tells the roaring crowd. "Except they don't ever start at the crack of dawn." And so begins the dizzying three-hour affair that is Walmart's annual shareholder meeting. Related Content Walmart asks staff to deliver packages on their way home In between performances by Stefani, Mary J. Blige, Ne-Yo and Rachel Platten, company executives take care of less glamorous matters - votes on executive compensation, corporate board nominations and a measure to bring more transparency to the make-up of the part-time workforce. An estimated 14,000 Walmart employees and shareholders are in the crowd, waving flags from 28 countries and chanting "Walmart, Walmart! Sam's Club, Sam's Club!" Advertisement In between performances, Walmart executives continued to emphasise the need to move online to compete with Amazon.com, which executives referred to as "that other website." Technology focus They highlighted recent investments in training and technology, and talked about the importance of cutting costs while increasing sales. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Gwen Stefani performs during the Walmart shareholders meeting. Photo: Jason Ivester Each 1-per cent decrease in expenses amounts to a $1 billion savings for the company, chief financial officer Brett Biggs (introduced by Shelton as "the pharaoh of finance") told shareholders. In recent years, Walmart has expanded its online inventory and begun offering free two-day shipping on orders over $US35 ($A47). It has also found ways to keep its 4600 stores relevant, by offering discounts to customers who pick up online orders in person. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Walmart chief exeuctive Doug McMillon addressed shareholders. Photo: Jason Ivester "The advantage that we have is that we're really building an omni-channel business, and customers in their lives want to shop in lots of different ways," Doug McMillon, Walmart's chief executive, said. "In a lot of the country and a lot of the world, people will stop in stores, online, they'll pick up and order depending on what they want that moment. Our plan is to use all of our assets to win - and I think that's an advantage." Technology is driving enormous change in retail and the competition is very fierce. Walmart US chief executive Greg Foran Employees to deliver Earlier in the week, the company announced it is enlisting employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. The effort, meant to cut costs by eliminating third-party delivery services, is being tested in three U.S. stores. "Technology is driving enormous change in retail and the competition is very fierce," Greg Foran, president and chief executive of Walmart US and a former senior executive at Woolworths, said. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Walmart executive Greg Foran during his time as CEO of Big W. Photo: Jim Rice "But we have an advantage that no one else has: All of you, our associates." But some employees were less concerned about the future than the present. A handful of shareholders and Walmart workers presented proposals at the meeting, calling on the company to treat its workers better by offering higher wages, improved benefits and more predictable schedules. Pay Push "An unfair leave policy, reduced hours and low pay make it difficult for most of us to pay our bills and take care of our families," said Carolyn Davis, who works at a Walmart store in Outer Banks, North Carolina, and was representing the activist group Organization United for Respect Walmart. "Walmart can, and should, live up to the promises it makes: Letting us take care of our children when they are sick, and accepting our doctor's notes." Janie Grice, an employee from Marion, South Carolina, asked the company to offer more information on gender and racial information on the company's part- and full-time workers. "Too many of us are still part-time," she said. "Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently, we can't plan our lives or line up a second job. Too many of us still can't pay our bills." Walmart executives, for their part, touted the company's investments in training and wages for employees. Earlier this year, the company said it would raise its hourly minimum wage to $10 for most workers. Investment pushed "With respect to our associates, the $2.7 billion investment in training, education and wages - that really happened. That's real," said Jeff Gearhart, Walmart's general counsel. "We're also investing in technology to make our associates' jobs easier and to help them serve our customers better." Last year, he added, Walmart offered 150,000 part-time workers full-time positions, and promoted 200,000 of its 1.2 million U.S. employees to higher-ranking jobs. Throughout the meeting, there were slides and videos highlighting company successes: A 30 per cent year-over-year increase in the company's share price, annual revenue of $486 billion, and an employee from Las Cruces, New Mexico, who sold 800 packages of Utz Cheese Balls in April, up from 33 a year ago. Later, Gearhart returned to the stage to announce the outcome of the shareholders' votes. Walmart got its way: All 11 nominees to its corporate board - including Walmart chief executive Doug McMillon, former Yahoo chief executive Marissa Mayer and at least two members of the Walton family - were elected (or re-elected) by a majority vote. Shareholders also approved pay packages for Walmart executives, including McMillon, who last year received $22.4 million, and Marc Lore, the company's head of e-commerce, who was paid $236.9 million last year - or $4.6 million per week. (For comparison's sake, it would take an entry-level worker who makes $10 an hour nearly 220 years to make as much as Lore does in one week.) None of the proposals set forth by shareholders - including one that would have required the board chairman to be "independent of management," and another that asked for transparency on the gender and racial make-up of part-time workers - were passed. Moments later, Stefani took to the stage again - this time, back-up dancers in tow. She sang two songs, including a profanity-free version of "Hollaback Girl." "Walmart! Sam's Club!," she shouted from the stage, mid-way through "Hella Good." "This is our situation right now: I need to see every single one of you here jumping with me." The crowd went wild. Washington Post Originally published on The Sydney Morning Herald as Gwen Stefani and calls for better pay: Inside Walmart's AGM. Advertisement HuffPost Australia The Big Four Whingeing About The Bank ... Contains: External link Aussies Are Warming To The Use Of Bots ... Contains: External link Most Popular When profits eat wages we all pay the price RBA becomes a lonely rate-cut candidate Optus admits slashing prepaid data without telling 45,000 customers Sydney, Melbourne home price falls pause Therese Rein takes lion's share of $160m from business sale Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business When profits eat wages we all pay the price Bunnings finds it can afford to shun online Therese Rein takes lion's share of $160m from business sale Clock ticking for big builders as blacklist looms RBA becomes a lonely rate-cut candidate WA Today Cheesed-off customer slams Perth restaurant's 'European nachos' Muslim students 'told to leave' Convention Centre for making patrons 'uncomfortable' Perth pizza robber said family was hungry Ben Cousins' ex says she committed him to psych ward John McEnroe makes light of Margaret Court furore The Sydney Morning Herald London attack: What we know so far John McEnroe makes light of Margaret Court furore Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see London attack: Australian woman Candice Hedge stabbed in neck The Age Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives Secret ASIO raid uncovered classified documents in power couple's Canberra apartment Margaret Court the guest speaker at Liberal Party fundraiser in Melbourne Knife-wielding terrorists kill seven in bloody rampage US cities, states and companies commit to Paris Accord Brisbane Times Woman's leg degloved in horror yacht accident The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see 'Non-viable' twins cling to life amid anger at hospital Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives London attack: Australian woman Candice Hedge stabbed in neck Canberra Times Secret ASIO raid uncovered classified documents in power couple's Canberra apartment Man arrested after double hit-and-run in Yarralumla Lara Worthington's very nice payday for 30 minutes of work 'Betrayed': Couple's hopes dashed after forking out $10,000 We sent a plus-size mum to the Fashfest model casting WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
news release dates sole search forums marketplace News Walmart Expects to Sell $25 Million Worth of These Light-Up Sneakers × Sole Collector News Release Dates All Release Dates Nike Release Dates Air Jordan Release Dates Adidas Release Dates Under Armour Release Dates Reebok Release Dates Other Release Dates Sneakers Sole Search Yeezy Boost 350 Jordan 11 Jordan 12 Our Community Forums Marketplace Sign up / Log in More from Complex Complex First We Feast Pigeons and Planes Collider Green Label Ride Channel Walmart Expects to Sell $25 Million Worth of These Light-Up Sneakers The chain hope to cash in on the trend. By Brandon Richard Addressing Walmart employees before the company's annual shareholder meeting last week, chief merchandising officer Steve Bratspies stepped on stage wearing a pair of light-up sneakers, a trend he says the company is betting on big this year. In fact, Walmart expects to sell $25 million worth of the Flashlights sneaker, a USB-charged model that connects with phones and computers. When charged, LED lights can stay lit for up to 8 hours. They retail for $19.97, which means Walmart would have to sell 1.25 million pairs to hit the estimate. According to the Washington Post's report, Bratspies brought up the fact that similar sneakers by big national brands are selling for about $60 a pair. “We beat on price, don’t we?” he said. “Every day, we beat on price.” The Flashlights sneakers will release in grey, white, black and glittery pink in July. Watch Now Tags ● Walmart Comment Join The Discussion Sign up for our newsletter about us privacy policy site map contact us terms of use advertise All Release Dates Nike Releases Dates Air Jordan Releases Adidas Releases Under Armour Release Dates Reebok Release Dates Other Release Dates © Complex Media Inc. All Rights Reserved All Release Dates Nike Releases Dates Air Jordan Releases Adidas Release Dates Under Armour Release Dates Reebok Release Dates Other Release Dates Sign up for our newsletter
Can't connect right now! retry Home latest pakistan world sports entertaintment business health Amazing Sci-Tech Videos shows GEO Urdu Tv . Radio. X Home Latest Pakistan World Sports Entertainment Business Health Amazing Sci-Tech TV Shows Videos Urdu .Radio .Tv Panama Leaks UK Election Nehal Hashmi Budget 2017-18 Advertisement business Saturday Jun 03 2017 By RREUTERS Big US companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt By RREUTERS Saturday Jun 03, 2017 WASHINGTON: Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the US withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest US retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the US at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost US economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for US goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Advertisement More From Business: business World Bank sees improving global economy but risks remain Updated 3 hours ago business Cement exports declined 45% in May this year Updated 22 hours ago business Brokers washing dirty linen in public Updated 2 days ago business Stock exchange closes with drop of 225 points Updated 3 days ago business PSX sees decline of over 1,800 points Updated 4 days ago business PSX upgraded to MSCI Emerging Market index Updated 4 days ago business Govt cuts petrol, diesel prices Updated 5 days ago business India's economic growth slows to lowest in more than two years Updated 5 days ago business KSE-100 loses more than 861 points Updated 5 days ago Load More Advertisement Latest view all World 14 minutes ago Citing ‘terrorist support’, Saudi Arabia, other Gulf states cut ties with Qatar World 24 minutes ago Outrage and solidarity over 'cowardly' London attacks World 38 minutes ago Indian Reserve Police's headquarter attacked in IoK World an hour ago 'Your lives must be boring', says Putin, slamming Kushner proposal allegations Advertisement
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Walmart's Employees To Deliver Online Orders On Way Back Home Ishani Roy International Business Times June 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share To compete against online giants Amazon, Walmart will allow store employees to deliver orders while driving back home, to speed up its online delivery services.More In a move to match up to the Amazon's convenient options for web purchases, Walmart announced Thursday it will allow store employees to opt for a delivery service program in which they would drop packages at customers' homes while going back home, reports said. Walmart executives pointed out the idea behind this move was to cut costs on the so-called last-mile of deliveries. When the multinational retail giant's employees drive to customers' homes, the most expensive part of the fulfillment process would be taken care of, the Washington Post reported. Read: How Is Amazon Making A Strong Move Toward FMCG Sector?  Both Walmart and Amazon are competing for speeding up their delivery systems for online orders in the country. Walmart's announcement comes amid the retailer doubling down on online business, where sales grew 63 percent in the first quarter this year. The largest retailer in the U.S. has worked towards increasing its online share in the country in 2016.  According to the Walmart website, it inked a $3.3 billion to acquire Jet.com — an e-commerce company headquartered in Hoboken, New Jersey — last year. The company took this aggressive step to compete with Amazon, which accounts for about 33 percent of U.S. online sales, the Post reported. Around 90 percent of the U.S. population reside within 10 miles of a Walmart and the retail giant is probably using these locations as shipping hubs to challenge Amazon's online delivery services. By utilizing their own workforce and their vehicles, Walmart could create a vast network with lesser upfront cost, similar to how Uber created a ride-hailing service without owning any cars last year, Bloomberg reported. "Imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," said Marc Lore, who took over Walmart's e-commerce operation last year after the retailer purchased his startup, Jet.com. Lore added: "This test could be a game-changer." He also said the move could curtail delivery times as many online orders in tests have been delivered overnight using store employees. Apart from speeding up delivery procedures, the new program is also reportedly seen as a way for employees to earn extra income, although there were few details on how they would be paid. Reports said citing Walmart spokesman Ravi Jariwala that Walmart employees can sign up for up to 10 deliveries per day using a company app. The employees can also set size and weight limits on delivery packages. However, if there are not enough employees to make a delivery, carriers like UPS and FedEx would fill in. Meanwhile, the Seattle-based Amazon has also taken steps in recent months to speed up delivery. Last year, it reportedly unveiled its first branded cargo plane that would take more control of its delivery process. It was one of 40 aircrafts the company planned to lease. It has also created an on-demand network of drivers — Amazon Flex — similar to Uber  or Lyft. Related Articles eBay Takes on Amazon And Walmart With Three-Day Guaranteed Delivery Walmart Gets Rid of Amazon Prime Rival ShippingPass, Offers Two-Day Shipping Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Oklahoma man trying to drown his twin babies shot dead by neighbour 3,260 reactions12%67%21% Osteens Finally Clear Up The Controversial Rumors TheBlaze.comSponsored Deadly terror attack in London 174 reactions6%68%26% Erinn Hayes Exiting 'Kevin Can Wait' Amid Season 2 Creative Reset 1,665 reactions7%75%18% CNN hosts makes 'racist' comment to 12-year-old Spelling Bee Champion 3,970 reactions4%55%41% Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored Anti-Trump ‘March for Truth’ protesters rally across the U.S. 1,770 reactions4%66%30% Putin denies having compromising information on Trump 48 reactions4%63%33% Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1 124 reactions3%79%18% 17 Pastors Who Were Caught Doing The Unthinkable www.trend-chaser.comSponsored Warriors roar to 2-0 NBA Finals lead in coach Steve Kerr's return 410 reactions4%79%17% Fans fight near tunnel as Cavaliers leave floor after NBA Finals loss to Warriors (Video) 24 reactions3%63%34% Turin bomb scare sparks stampede, leaving 1,500 injured 2,492 reactions6%62%32% What Happens To Your Body After Drinking This? VitaCupSponsored Going gothic in Germany: World's largest ‘dark’ culture festival 75 reactions7%73%20% Putin on Michael Flynn: ‘I didn’t even really talk to him’ 12 reactions8%69%23% Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US mark: With what we are seeing no travel ban is just nuts. The constitution is not a suicide pact. Nor is compassion a reason to commit suicide. The president's job is to protect ALL Americans. This notion of an acceptable level of terrorism amongst politicians has to end. Even one death is too many if there was anyway to stop it. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.1k
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On-Air Shows/Schedule Zach Collins Lou Russo Preferred Company Bob O’Brien Tommy Lynch The Lighter Side of Finance Topic A with Bob Levy & Jeremy Grunin Hometown View Shore Sports Network Listen Listen Live Mobile App Calendar Community Calendar Monmouth Park Events Beachcombers Sign Up Contests Beachcombers Support Meridian Tuned in to Health Weather News Local News Hometown View Beach Radio Beach Report Ask the Senator Ask the Congressman Townsquare Tonight Townsquare TV Storm Closings Stormwatch Q+A Contact Trouble Hearing Beach Radio? Contact/Directions Employment Feedback Contest Rules Submit a W-9 Advertise Website Development Local Experts Follow What’s Hot Beach Report Lakewood BlueClaws Hometown View All Things Jersey Shore Monmouth Park Events Become A Beachcomber Trouble Hearing Beach Radio? Townsquare TV Beach Radio In Your Inbox Win With Preferred Company Tweet @BeachRadio Ask the Congressman Stormwatch Win Jeremy’s Salary Insane Inflatable 5K Walmart testing new home drop-off service at NJ stores By Sergio Bichao June 3, 2017 11:25 AM | Townsquare New Jersey Share on Facebook Share on Twitter (Walmart) First McDonald’s. And now Walmart? Pretty soon we may never have to leave our homes. The big box retailer announced last week that it’s been testing a home delivery service, having Walmart employees drop off orders at customers’ homes after their shifts. Walmart already provides online shoppers with discounted store pickup and two-day shipping, but the home delivery would allow customers to get their goods within hours or a day without the extra cost for shipping. The retailer has been testing the service for the past month at just three of its 4,700 stores — and two of them are in New Jersey. But Walmart isn’t telling which ones. “We’re not sharing a lot of details about the test – including specific store locations — given that it’s only started within the last month or so,” spokesman Ravi Jariwala told New Jersey 101.5. Walmart President and CEO Marc Lore said the service could be a game-changer in the age of online shopping and Amazon, which is expanding its existing unmanned drone-delivery service. “Not only can this cut shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently, it creates a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business,” he said. The employees who make the deliveries earn extra cash and it’s voluntary. Sergio Bichao is deputy digital editor at New Jersey 101.5.  More From WOBM: Subscribe to Beach Radio on Sign Up For Our Newsletter Enter your email address below Your Email Address* Source: Walmart testing new home drop-off service at NJ stores Filed Under: newsletter | Walmart Category: National News | New Jersey News | News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of WOBM-AM Etsy success stories in NJ — being crafty never paid so well Don’t be like Tiger! Driving while medicated as dangerous as drunk driving How Trump will effect voters in Tuesday’s NJ primaries Christie to talk with Trump transportation chief about rail funding Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live WOBM-AM 1160 & 1310 on Facebook Our Facebook page is sponsored by: Sign up for our newsletter Sign up for our newsletter! Join The Insider Club Now Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more! Sign Up Now The Latest From 1160/1310 WOBM AM Etsy success stories in NJ — being crafty never paid so well June 4, 2017 9:21 PM Don’t be like Tiger! Driving while medicated as dangerous as drunk driving June 4, 2017 8:00 PM How Trump will effect voters in Tuesday’s NJ primaries June 4, 2017 7:46 PM Christie to talk with Trump transportation chief about rail funding June 4, 2017 7:00 PM MacArthur to host fundraiser at Bedminster Trump club June 4, 2017 2:22 PM See All Latest News Listen Everywhere! Read More Big Results for Small Business Devote more time to running your business. Engage your clients across multiple platforms. Reach more customers than ever before. Get an Edge on the Competition Today! Advertise Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Jersey Shore Business Listings Welcome back to Beachcombers It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to Beachcombers It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://mybeachradio.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to Beachcombers (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here Beachcombers brought to you by: Sign up for Beachcombers Register Now Sign up for Beachcombers quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! Beachcombers brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive Insiders contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook Beachcombers brought to you by: Beach Radio Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Sun, Jun 04, 2017 - Page 16　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Walmart touts its investment in people AP, FAYETTEVILLE, Arkansas Gwen Stefani performs on Friday during the Wal-Mart Stores Inc shareholders’ meeting at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Arkansas. Photo: The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP Wal-Mart Stores Inc chief executive officer Doug McMillon touted the company’s investments in people and technology, but also said it might have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking on Friday at the annual shareholders’ meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon.com Inc. McMillon and other executives also noted the company’s investments in higher wages and training for its employees. “We will compete with technology, but win with people,” McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers should not fear increasing automation in the industry. “No doubt our work will be different in the future — robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do,” he said. “Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don’t think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together.” A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group and commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute said that between 6 million and 7.5 million US retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon suggested that the company might have reached an employment peak at 1.6 million workers. “We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology,” he said. Walmart’s online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services and drew more shoppers to its stores in its fiscal first quarter. The world’s largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the 11th straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the 10th quarter in a row. McMillon cited the company’s efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders and “Jet Fresh” delivery, which provides grocery delivery in one to two days and is available to about half of US households. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had on Thursday announced a delivery service using its own store employees, who are to deliver packages while driving home from their work shifts. Walmart has invested US$2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. About 100,000 associates have been trained. Walmart’s financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering at about US$80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for more hours for part-time workers and more parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. This story has been viewed 1616 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-05-29 to 2017-06-05 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Toy gun maker sent to prison 2 Torrential rain floods northern areas 3 League might soon be linked to KMT 4 Beijing’s handling of Lee’s case is backfiring 5 Father George Martinson dies MORE  1 Torrential rain floods northern areas 2 Toy gun maker sent to prison 3 Extension requested for 228 claimants 4 Father George Martinson dies 5 Regulations stifling tech industry: TCA chairman MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Sunday June 04 2017 5:23 pm       Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here     Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Walmart touting investment in people, technology as advantages June 03, 2017, 05:00 AM The Associated Press FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. — Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company’s investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders’ meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company’s investments in higher wages and training for its employees. “We will compete with technology, but win with people,” McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn’t fear increasing automation in the industry. “No doubt our work will be different in the future —robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do,” he continued. “Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don’t think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together.” A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. “We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology,” he said. But when or if that would happen is “to be determined.” Walmart’s moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn’t remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company’s online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world’s largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company’s efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and “Jet Fresh” delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company’s acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. “The historic trade-off between price and service doesn’t really exist anymore,” McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies, located at Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. “I’m really excited about the environment that we’re creating for people to learn,” McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart’s U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It’s also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon’s popular Prime plan. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping “free,” given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. “I don’t think you should have to pay for free shipping,” he said. Walmart’s financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But “too many of us are still part-time,” she said. “Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can’t plan our lives, or line up a second job.” Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. “Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children,” Davis said. Jeff Gearhart, executive vice president of global governance, said that last year Walmart converted 150,000 part timers to full-time work. And 200,000 were promoted to positions of greater pay or more responsibility. ——— D’Innocenzio reported from New York.     Tags: mcmillon, walmart, online, company, employees, people, Other stories from today: Google’s Chrome browser to block some ads starting next year Trade deficit rises to highest level since January Virgin Galactic conducts ninth unpowered test flight     Print this Page  |  << Back   Return To Archives            Daily Journal Quick Poll   What do you think of legislation passed by the state Senate and heading to the Assembly that would create single-payer health care system in California? Love it Like the concept, but think it's too costly Think it needs more vetting Don't like that it will force people onto government insurance Think it's a good first step Don't like it at all Not sure                           Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2017 San Mateo Daily Journal San Carlos news  
Subscribe Log In Search Listen Now Sunday, June 4, 2017 83 Today's Paper Weather 74°F Clear Sunday, June 4, 2017   Today's Schedule   Listen Now! Toggle navigation News Local State Nation - World Business Obituaries Weather Sports Prep Sports Illini Sports All Sports Illini Forums Business Living A&E Podcasts Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Guest Commentary Blogs All Opinions Multimedia Photo Galleries Podcasts Videos Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Walmart CEO touts investments in people, tech at shareholders meeting share Facebook Twitter | Subscribe More Business Today's Special: HuHot 'grill warriors' taking heat in unique kitchen Road worriers: Work underway on major area arteries Building permits, June 4, 2017 Just Askin': Memorial Day weekend roadside checks × Login Options Commenting Login to comment or to shop for deal of the day or books. Member Login Login to your member account to read premium articles. Username or e-mail: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Close Home » News » Business Walmart CEO touts investments in people, tech at shareholders meeting Sat, 06/03/2017 - 7:00am | The Associated Press Photo by: Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette/AP Walmart CEO Doug McMillon talks about employee Willie Perkins during the company's shareholders meeting Friday at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) — Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company's investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company's investments in higher wages and training for its employees. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn't fear increasing automation in the industry. "No doubt our work will be different in the future —robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do," he continued. "Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don't think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we'll be able to learn, grow and change together." A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group, commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. "We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology," he said. But when or if that would happen is "to be determined." Walmart's moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn't remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company's online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world's largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company's efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and "Jet Fresh" delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company's acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. "The historic trade-off between price and service doesn't really exist anymore," McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies, located at Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. "I'm really excited about the environment that we're creating for people to learn," McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart's U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It's also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon's popular Prime plan. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping "free," given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. "I don't think you should have to pay for free shipping," he said. Walmart's financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But "too many of us are still part-time," she said. "Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can't plan our lives, or line up a second job." Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. "Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children," Davis said. Jeff Gearhart, executive vice president of global governance, said that last year Walmart converted 150,000 part timers to full-time work. And 200,000 were promoted to positions of greater pay or more responsibility. Sections (2):News, Business Topics (2):Economy, Retail More Business Today's Special: HuHot 'grill warriors' taking heat in unique kitchen Road worriers: Work underway on major area arteries Building permits, June 4, 2017 Just Askin': Memorial Day weekend roadside checks More Business Today's Special: HuHot 'grill warriors' taking heat in unique kitchen Road worriers: Work underway on major area arteries Building permits, June 4, 2017 Just Askin': Memorial Day weekend roadside checks Join the Conversation Comments News-Gazette.com embraces discussion of both community and world issues. We welcome you to contribute your ideas, opinions and comments, but we ask that you avoid personal attacks, vulgarity and hate speech. We reserve the right to remove any comment at our discretion, and we will block repeat offenders' accounts. To post comments, you must first be a registered user, and your username will appear with any comment you post. Happy posting. Login or register to post comments Latest News Business listings, June 4, 2017 Building permits, June 4, 2017 Jim Dey: 'Gay panic' claims make for good headlines, not good law Scholz named N-G photo editor Road worriers: Work underway on major area arteries Today's Special: HuHot 'grill warriors' taking heat in unique kitchen Wired In: Eli Lazar Just Askin': Memorial Day weekend roadside checks Area history, June 4, 2017 This day in history, June 4, 2017 More Local News Most Viewed News 2 men injured in 2011 shooting at Market Place Mall UPDATE: 24-year-old man killed in Champaign shooting Illini Inn building set to come down over summer Two more charged in Danville stabbing death Two injured in two-vehicle crash west of Rantoul Most Commented News Tom's #Mailbag, June 2, 2017 Ammons says she won't vote for state budget UPDATE: Police looking into Memorial Day shooting at Market Place Illini Inn building set to come down over summer Change is coming at Illini Union Trending Now UPDATE: 24-year-old man killed in Champaign shooting Illini Inn building set to come down over summer Underwood loses staff member Sister of DUI victim objects to possible drug-court probation for driver Urbana Free Library buying lot to create gateway to downtown The Big 10 with Jeff D'Alessio, June 4, 2017 Two more charged in Danville stabbing death Great ... like '68 Illini in top 5 for 2018 guard Change is coming at Illini Union A Life Remembered: Longtime Unity music teacher 'larger than life in a tiny form' Radio Newstalk 1400 WDWS-AM Lite Rock 97.5 WHMS-FM Classic Hits 107.9 WKIO-FM Print County Star The Independent News The Leader LeRoy Farmer City Press Mahomet Citizen Paxton Record Journal Republican Rantoul Press Magazines At Home Magazine Central Illinois Business Magazine Customer Service Help Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Subscription Information Quick Links eEdition Obituaries Submit Vacation Stop Staff List Pay your Subscription Buy a Photo Send a News Tip Submit an Announcement Start a subscription now to enjoy our award-winning local news and sports coverage. Print, digital, or both-- we've got you covered. Subscribe Connect with The News-Gazette © 1995-2017 The News-Gazette, Inc. | All Rights Reserved | 15 Main St., Champaign, IL 61820
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars AR/VR Walmart will start training employees in virtual reality Jamie Feltham, Upload VR@UploadVR June 3, 2017 3:03 AM Image Credit: Flickr user NNACAPA Walmart is betting big on virtual reality to help improve its employee training techniques, and it’s turned to a new company to help. TechCrunch is reporting that Walmart plans to install VR training platforms at each of its 200 Academy training centers across the U.S. by the end of the year. Each will have an Oculus Rift and a VR-ready PC to run it on. Using 360 degree video, an estimated 150,000 employees will enter VR and encounter situations that they’ll have to respond to using on-screen prompts. Videos ranging from 30 seconds to fives minutes will include scenarios for customer service, management, and specific encounters for different seasons like dealing with the madness of Black Friday. Walmart partnered with Strivr Labs to create these experiences after one of the company’s executives saw the University of Arkansas football team training using VR. Eventually, the company hopes to be rolling out the platform to its 5,000 retail locations too. STRIVR raised some $5 million late last year to develop these exact type of services. The company offers and end-to-end platform that captures and reports performance inside the training offering analytics to allow organizations to make data-driven decisions. It’s football training simulations are also used by  Dallas Cowboys, Arizona Cardinals, Minnesota Vikings, Clemson University, Stanford University, the Washington Wizards, Detroit Pistons, and Washington Capitals. It’s also done a PGA Tour 360 video fan experience. “Once the lightbulb comes on or someone is willing to take a chance and go all-in, we’ll see an uptick in customers,” CEO Derek Belch once told UploadVR. Looks like he was right. This story originally appeared on Uploadvr.com. Copyright 2017 VB Recommendations Why shortcuts for Google Home are a total waste of time Are chatbots just another fad? Massless lets you write with a pen in virtual reality
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Guardian Investment Management Purchases 7 Shares of Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) United Technologies Co. (UTX) Stake Cut by Mechanics Bank Trust Department Profund Advisors LLC Has $252,000 Position in Natus Medical Inc (BABY) Profund Advisors LLC Sells 3,554 Shares of Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated (SYKE) Foster & Motley Inc. Acquires 48,102 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) IFC Holdings Incorporated FL Sells 982 Shares of Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Profund Advisors LLC Has $251,000 Stake in Sunstone Hotel Investors Inc (SHO) Coastline Trust Co Raises Stake in Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Bank of The West Purchases 387 Shares of Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Capital Impact Advisors LLC Purchases 1,520 Shares of Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Barometer Capital Management Inc. Purchases Shares of 132,000 Home Depot Inc (HD) Johanson Financial Advisors Inc. Takes Position in International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Hudson Valley Investment Advisors Inc. ADV Cuts Position in Altria Group Inc (MO) Hartford Investment Management Co. Has $24.98 Million Stake in AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Chevron Co. (CVX) Shares Sold by Salem Capital Management Inc. Cohen Klingenstein LLC Holds Position in Chevron Co. (CVX) Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Has $10.72 Million Position in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) LOOMIS AB SER'B'NPV (LOIMF) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Peabody Energy Co. (BTU) Short Interest Update Apple Inc. (AAPL) is Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.’s Largest Position Foster & Motley Inc. Acquires 48,102 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) June 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Foster & Motley Inc. increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) by 54.4% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 136,485 shares of the retailer’s stock after buying an additional 48,102 shares during the period. Wal-Mart Stores accounts for approximately 1.8% of Foster & Motley Inc.’s holdings, making the stock its 13th largest position. Foster & Motley Inc.’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $9,838,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. bought a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at about $104,000. Asset Planning Services Ltd. boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.7% in the first quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. now owns 1,511 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $109,000 after buying an additional 11 shares in the last quarter. TLP Group LLC acquired a new position in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth $128,000. Crow Point Partners LLC acquired a new position in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth $127,000. Finally, Sunbelt Securities Inc. acquired a new position in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth $125,000. Institutional investors own 29.69% of the company’s stock. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) opened at 79.62 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $241.65 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.08 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 12 month low of $65.28 and a 12 month high of $79.93. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $76.42 and its 200 day moving average price is $71.44. Wal-Mart Stores also was the target of unusually large options trading on Thursday. Stock traders bought 3,595 call options on the stock. This represents an increase of approximately 104% compared to the typical daily volume of 1,762 call options. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The business had revenue of $116.53 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $117.01 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.98 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.36 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/03/foster-motley-inc-acquires-48102-shares-of-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. A number of research firms have recently weighed in on WMT. Sanford C. Bernstein reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Saturday, May 13th. Robert W. Baird set a $85.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday. Wells Fargo & Co reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Tuesday, May 23rd. Vetr cut Wal-Mart Stores from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $82.17 price target for the company. in a report on Thursday. Finally, MKM Partners set a $72.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, February 18th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have assigned a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $78.41. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,000,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.50, for a total transaction of $211,500,000.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at $740,752,453.50. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 1,455,636 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $78.34, for a total value of $114,034,524.24. Following the sale, the insider now owns 10,507,224 shares in the company, valued at approximately $823,135,928.16. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 13,259,726 shares of company stock worth $1,016,472,206. Insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Wal-Mart reassures employees as it touts tech investments (VIDEO) Saturday June 3, 2017 04:10 PM GMT+8 ICYMI ‘Modern-day bank robbery’ lands Malaysian in Aussie jail The Edit: Message of defiance at concert The Edit: Hidden eats in Chow Kit The Edit: ‘Wonder Woman’ tops box office Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Wal-Mart said it was testing a programme that allowed store workers to deliver packages ordered online after they finish their shifts. — Reuters video grabFAYETTEVILLE, June 3 — Wal-Mart Stores Inc executives yesterday reassured workers they remained integral to the company’s success as they highlighted investments in online sales and other technology to compete with rivals like Amazon.com Inc. Wal-Mart is successfully using e-commerce to boost sales but does not want to alienate workers who have helped drive gains with improved customer service and higher morale following a rise in base pay to US$10 an hour. “We will compete with technology, but win with people,” Chief Executive Doug McMillon said at Wal-Mart’s annual shareholder meeting where all the company’s board member nominations were approved. “We will be people-led and tech-empowered.” The nod to store employees and the retail workforce was a departure from past years when the company focused shareholder presentations on the technology it was adopting to close the online gap with Amazon and beat other competitors. The shift followed complaints by labour groups that Wal-Mart had to do more for workers, despite the company’s US$2.7 billion investment in employee training and wages in 2015 and the 2016 wage increase to US$10. McMillon’s comments capped a three-day media event during which the company announced initiatives like a test programme that allows store workers to deliver packages ordered on the retailer’s website and the use of block chain technology to ensure safety in its food supply chain. Wal-Mart’s investments in technology helped deliver a 63 per cent rise in first quarter online sales, up from 29 per cent growth in the fourth quarter and 20 per cent in the third quarter. Its results have also outshined rivals like Target Corp, department-store chains and apparel retailers. Chairman proposal rejected The shareholders meeting at the Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Arkansas, 30 miles from the company’s headquarters in Bentonville, was packed with 14,000 people, including workers from around 27 countries and shareholders. The company tapped Blake Shelton to host the show which included pop stars like Gwen Stefani, Mary J. Blige and Rachel Platten. Wal-Mart’s shareholders approved all 11 company-recommended board members and voted in-line with company wishes. None of the four shareholder proposals put forward were approved. One from Making Change at Wal-Mart, part of the United Food and Commercial Workers Union, called for an independent chairman to act in the interests of Wal-Mart’s hourly workers. “How can any Wal-Mart associate build a better life when they have been with the company for five years or more and they make US$9 or US$10 an hour,” said Amy Ritter from the labour group, who presented the proposal. For years, influential proxy advisory firms have recommended shareholders vote in favour of an independent board chairman without ties to management or the founding family, ever since bribery allegations several years ago exposed serious board oversight failures. About 51 per cent of Wal-Mart’s stock is controlled by the Walton family and current Chairman of the Board Greg Penner is married to the granddaughter of Wal-Mart founder Sam Walton. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Malaysia Airlines close to deal for more widebody Airbus planes Pound falls after London terror attacks raise political tensions World Bank still sees global growth picking up amid policy risks Oil subdued as rising US output undermines Opec effort to cut supply Ringgit opens higher against US dollar Ringgit likely to trade higher versus US dollar next week RHB-AmBank to take No. 1 spot in asset management, insurance, broking Petronas Q1 2017 pre-tax profit more than doubles to RM15.5b British pound in thrall to election projections as market jitters rise Bursa to be firmer next week Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: With rave reviews, 'Wonder Woman' readies to launch Reuters Video: Francois Ozon's 'L'Amant Double' shocks at Cannes Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce Wal-Mart eliminating hundreds of corporate jobs Wal-Mart reviews Welspun records after Target pulls sheets The accidental millionaire in Jet.com’s sale to Wal-Mart Wal-Mart in talks to buy online retailer Jet.com, says report Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices 'I just don't call out sick anymore at all': New report says Walmart punishes employees for taking sick days Business Insider Rachel Gillett 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Why bottled water is one of the biggest scams of the century 10 iconic American companies owned by Chinese investors © Provided by Business Insider Walmart Walmart, the single largest employer in America with 2.3 million employees worldwide, has come under fire for its attendance policy. Based on conversations with Walmart employees and results of a survey of more than 1,000 current and former Walmart employees, worker advocacy group A Better Balance issued a report Thursday claiming the retailer has punished its workers for taking sick days and time off to care for loved ones and violated a number of worker-protection laws including the Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA). "Walmart should fully comply with the law so that no one is illegally punished for a disability-related absence or for taking care of themselves or a loved one with a serious medical condition," Dina Bakst, founder and president of A Better Balance, the advocacy group that prepared the report, told the New York Times. Among the complaints A Better Balance received, employees have said they're afraid to call out sick, they've been penalized and even fired after taking sick time, and they face financial ruin as a result. Randy Hargrove, a spokesperson for Walmart, issued a statement to Business Insider in response to the report: "Like any company, we have an attendance policy that helps ensure our customers are being taken care of and that our associates are protected from regularly having to cover other's work duties. This policy requires that all of our hourly store associates be on time and work their scheduled shifts and manages against excessive absences. "We understand associates may have to miss work on occasion and we have processes in place to assist them. This includes legally protected and authorized absences, such as medical-related accommodation, FMLA leave, pregnancy and bereavement, that are not counted against our attendance policy. Associates may request a leave of absence or other reasonable accommodation at any time by talking with any salaried member of management or an HR representative. Each associate's circumstance is addressed individually, in compliance with company policy and the law. "We have countless Walmart associates who successfully partnered with the company to authorize their absences from work. We believe we have the right training measures in place to help communicate our attendance, disability, and pregnancy policies to our associates." Click through the slideshow to see more details on some of the key points and quotes of the report © Provided by Business Insider 'I just don't call out sick anymore at all.' "I've called in sick I think three times last winter, but each time I've been told I've just ‘lost points' (of which I have no idea what that means nor how to tell how many ‘points' I have). Therefore, I think I must be getting close to the ‘limit of points' so I just don't call out sick anymore at all. For all I know, I might have a week of paid sick leave, however no one will show me how to see how many hours I actually have, so I act like I have none left. . . It's very easy to use them up too quickly, thus I won't use any more until I have an explanation." —An anonymous employee from California  According to the report, many employees are only permitted to access Walmart's internal computer system that details employee policies, the Wire, while they are on the clock (sometimes with a manager hovering nearby), and they are told that their use of the Wire is logged by Walmart. © Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg   'I passed out at work. They sent me to the hospital. The next day, they fired me for it.' "My daughter was having seizures, I had to take time off to monitor her. They counted it against me. I passed out at work. They sent me to the hospital. The next day, they fired me for it. Walmart is a joke. People have lives outside of work, we get sick, we have children, things happen, and Walmart literally covers NOTHING." —An anonymous employee from Ohio The report says that Walmart uses a point system to discipline workers, and too many points results in firing. Walmart reportedly gives workers disciplinary points for any absence they consider unauthorized, and working less than half of a scheduled shift is considered an absence. © Brandon Wade/Invision for Walmart/AP Images   'The front manager then said that they wouldn't accept the doctor's note from the hospital ...' "I got into a car wreck on my way to work and was sent by ambulance to the hospital. I had two fractured ribs and a concussion. I reached a manager from the hospital, who said it would be ok, and I came into work the next day with wrapped ribs and a concussion. The front manager then said that they wouldn't accept the doctor's note from the hospital, and they fired me for missing that day." —An anonymous employee from Oklahoma If an employee does not call in to report an absences at least an hour in advance, they receive four points, the report says. © Provided by Business Insider 'I should have been able to leave to go to the ER and not worry about losing my job.' "My appendix ruptured while at work and because I already had eight points, I could not leave work to go to the ER without pointing out and losing my job. I should have been able to leave to go to the ER and not worry about losing my job. I had even said to management, 'So if I fall out because of my appendix and have to go out in an ambulance…I will get a point and lose my job?' The response from management was, 'Yes.'" —An anonymous employee from Kentucky According to the report, if you have worked at Walmart for less than six months and receive four points, you will be terminated, and if you have worked at Walmart for six months or more and receive nine points in a six-month rolling period, you will be terminated.   'Just pitiful!' "As a mother and a person, we get sick every once in a while. It's something we have no control over! We still get punished with a point regardless of whether we have a doctor's note, and they expect us to not work around food and customers sick! My son had pneumonia, his life was on the line, and I still couldn't be excused from work. Just pitiful! —An anonymous employee from West Virginia  Several hundred of the surveyed Walmart workers said they think Walmart has a problem of regularly punishing people who have absences due to a disability or serious illness and believe there is no such thing as an excused absence. © Rick Wilking/Reuters   'They would not accept them.' "I was vomiting blood and had to go to the ER. I was there for two days and each day was a point. I then had two days off, and I brought my hospital notes in when I went back. They would not accept them." —An anonymous employee from Kentucky According to the report, workers say that managers do not consider and often refuse to take doctors' notes from employees. The report also says Walmart's policy and practice is to not consider the content of the note in deciding whether to treat the absences as unauthorized. © Provided by Business Insider 'Thanks, Sedgwick.' "I asked for two weeks off to receive mental health treatment. Sedgwick finally got back to me within the last 48 hours of my requested leave, which I hadn't taken because it wasn't  approved. Thanks, Sedgwick." —An anonymous employee from California  According to the report, Walmart sometimes tells employees with absences of more than three days to contact a company called Sedgwick for a leave of absence. Employees in the report say Sedgwick is slow, unresponsive, and confusing to deal with. © Joshua Lott/Reuters   'I am now homeless.' "My eight-month-old daughter got pneumonia in January 2017. I am a single mom and no one could watch her, so I had to take a week off work while she was recovering. I took in a note from the hospital and my manager said they would take me off the schedule, but they never did and I got points for being out. "Then in February, my daughter had an allergic reaction and I had to rush her to the hospital and miss work. Because of this, I lost my job. I loved my job and I lost it and lost my place because I couldn't find work soon enough. I am now homeless. I wish Walmart didn't have such a horrible attendance policy. I always showed up on time and was one of their good employees." —An anonymous employee from Texas  The report says Walmart's attendance policy requires that an employee notify management three weeks in advance of an absence, that management approve that absence, and that management choose to build the requested absence into the schedule. © courtesy of Wal-Mart Stores Inc.   'They give points no matter what.' "My son was hospitalized for pneumonia. It was so bad that he stopped breathing in the ER and they needed to put him on oxygen. I got points even after telling management why I was out. They give points no matter what." —An anonymous employee from Tennessee  Of the employees surveyed who said they have been absent from work for a medical emergency, 78% said they were also punished for an absence. If you're a Walmart employee with a story to share, email careers@businessinsider.com. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From Business Insider Amazon's ad business may be nearing a 'tipping point' Business Insider Millennials are killing chains like Buffalo Wild Wings and Applebee's Business Insider One teenager in Iowa that costs $12 million a year to insure perfectly encapsulates the successes and failings of Obamacare Business Insider Business Insider View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored This Dell has 12GB RAM, graphics card, & more! Listen to music underwater! Pre-order Madden NFL 18 today! ASUS 2-in-1: All day battery, only $249 Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, June 04, 2017, 11:20 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Proposals fail at Wal-Mart event Call for an independent chairman voted down; stars come out By Stephen Steed This article was published June 3, 2017 at 2:05 a.m. PHOTO BY JASON IVESTER Wal-Mart President and CEO Doug McMillon talks with employee Willie Perkins during the company’s shareholder meeting Friday at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville. Comments aAFont Size Buoyed by the usual lineup of music stars, Wal-Mart shareholders rocked the house Friday but didn't rock the boat when they rejected three corporate proposals submitted by activist shareholder-employees. The final vote count on each resolution wasn't available, but preliminary results showed that none passed. Each received scattered applause when introduced Friday morning during the company's annual shareholders meeting in Bud Walton Arena on the University of Arkansas, Fayetteville, campus. One called for the appointment of a board chairman who is independent of the company. Amy Ritter, communications director of Making Change at Walmart, an affiliate of a Washington, D.C.-based union, said an independent chairman and a more independent board would improve the lives of hundreds of thousands of Wal-Mart employees. Ritter said an average Wal-Mart employee would have to work 1,000 years before making the yearly $22.5 million salary of Wal-Mart President and Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon. "Why are tens of thousands of Wal-Mart workers forced to apply for food stamps or other government assistance paid by taxpayers, when Wal-Mart could easily afford to pay a real living wage?" Ritter asked. A second, nonbinding resolution, by Carolyn Davis, a Wal-Mart associate from the Outer Banks coastal region of North Carolina, called for management to nominate at least one member to the corporate board who is an expert on the environment. She said such a member could help make sure the company "lives up to the promises it made" in various efforts related to climate change, sustainability and renewable energy. Janice Grice, a Wal-Mart associate for three years in Marion, S.C., called for the company to conduct a study to determine, by gender and by race, the number of associates who are full time and part time. She saluted the company for a similar study of its management ranks but said diversity in management doesn't match the diversity of the corporate workforce. Grice said her starting salary was $7 an hour and is now $10 an hour. Wal-Mart has said the average pay is $13.75 an hour. Grice also said the company relies too heavily on part-time workers and doesn't move them into full-time positions. "Too many of us are part time," she said. "Too many of us still can't pay our bills." Quoting Sam Walton, the company's founder, Grice said, "If you want the people in the stores to take care of the customers, you have to make sure you're taking care of the people in the stores." Wal-Mart Executive Vice President Jeffrey Gearhart said the company recently spent $2.7 billion on training, education and wage increases for workers. "That really happened," Gearhart said. More than 150,000 workers recently were moved from hourly, part-time positions into full-time ones, he said. Of those, he added, 57 percent were women and 47 percent were of color. stars take stage High on star power over the past several years, this year's meeting for shareholders and selected Wal-Mart associates from stores in 28 countries didn't disappoint. Country star Blake Shelton, an Oklahoma native, served as host. Mary J. Blige performed, and the headliner of the event -- in the sense that she was last to perform -- was Gwen Stefani. Filling out the morning's lineup: Rachel Platten, Ne-Yo, a hip-hop artist and native of Camden, and The Band Perry. Each got eight-minute segments, enough for two numbers each. The live music started about 7 a.m., as Bud Walton Arena began reaching capacity. The shareholders meeting officially began an hour later. Sheryl Crow and Rascal Flatts played earlier this week at Bud Walton Arena. Performers and celebrities taking the stage at previous meetings: Beyonce, Tom Cruise, the Eagles, talk-show host James Corden, Taylor Swift and Lionel Richie. The performers play for free -- because Wal-Mart stores around the world sell their music -- but do get financial assistance on transportation and lodging. delivery by employee Wal-Mart introduced a new method for dropping off packages to customers this week with a pilot program that will allow employees to deliver items on their way home from work shifts. But McMillon cautioned that the testing phase of the service would move slowly. "After we roll it out we want to make sure everything went well, associates are being paid appropriately and we don't have any issues related to that," McMillon said. "I wouldn't jump to a conclusion that it's going to be nationwide too soon." McMillon said there still will be a role for UPS and FedEx for deliveries of Wal-Mart packages. The company continues to test deliveries with ride-sharing services Uber and Lyft. "This is an interesting piece," McMillon said. "But it's just a piece of it." Regarding other Wal-Mart innovations, Daniel Eckert, senior vice president of Wal-Mart Services, received the Sam M. Walton Entrepreneur of the Year award for his work on Walmart Pay, a smartphone app used at checkout by online shoppers. Eckert joined the company in 2010. Walmart Pay, which was put together by Eckert and a 180-member team, was rolled out across the company's 4,700 U.S. stores last year. More than 7.3 million transactions have been completed through Walmart Pay since it was introduced and 3,000 new users try it each day, according to data from the company. taste-testing reporters About 50 representatives of news organizations from around the world got a look Thursday at Wal-Mart's year-old Culinary and Innovation Center in Bentonville. The 12,000-square-foot facility lets Wal-Mart work closely with its network of suppliers in determining what products will reach customers. Potential new products are tested -- and tasted. The visitors there Thursday were taken into the "sensory" lab, to taste, and then critique, a dollop of a crunchy cookie spread. Other rooms have gas ovens, microwaves, and electric ovens -- where every aspect of products are studied, from ingredients to dietary information to cooking directions, and put to the test. Bolstered by market studies showing a demand for the return of "nostalgia" items, Wal-Mart is bringing back a sugary breakfast cereal of the 1990s called Oreo O's. Those were available by the handful for sampling by news representatives. Wal-Mart also is bringing back Zima, a citrus-flavored alcoholic beverage produced for a time by Miller Brewing Co. It was pulled off the market about a decade ago. It's another "nostalgia" product, said Al Dominguez, senior vice president of snacks, beverages and imports. Reviving the beverage was a joint decision between Wal-Mart and Miller, he said. "We are getting as much of it as we can," he said. Wal-Mart won't be the only distributor of the beverage, but it will be the largest, he said. Dominguez said the Zima of today is the same of yesteryear, but no samples were available to determine if there were any changes. Information for this article was contributed by Robbie Neiswanger of the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette. Business on 06/03/2017 Print Headline: Proposals fail at Wal-Mart event Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Shareholders hear strategy of 'new Wal-Mart' Job gains slack off for May N.Y. says Exxon climate costs faked New bill adds tax on sales to Cuba Proposals fail at Wal-Mart event Germany broadens emissions inquiry to VW's Au... Trade deficit rises in April to $47.6B; China... Puerto Ricans heading for the exits Job growth tepid, but indexes rise More Business stories > Comments on: Proposals fail at Wal-Mart event To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 'Executive privilege' to quiet Comey called an option (29 comments) Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (31 comments) 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack (6 comments) Pulled from reality (4 comments) 2 leaders affirm climate pledges (2 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (35 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Sunday, June 4, 2017 Login Subscribe Legal ads Homes Autos Jobs Classified The Register-Guard Navigation News Home Local News Tips Obituaries Weather For the Record Latest Seven Days Celebrate 150 Community E-mail Newsletter Associated Press Top Stories Northwest Now Business Oregon Business Oregon Sports Sports Technology Entertainment Politics Weather National International Health Science Oddities Lotteries Podcasts Maps Eugene police call log Springfield police call log Lane County gas prices Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Sports Preps Oregon Ducks Football Columnist Austin Meek Oregon Ducks Basketball Track & Field Outdoors Latest Seven Days Associated Press Sports Oregon Sports Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @rgduckfootball @rgsports Business Local Latest Seven Days Blue Chip Oregon Business Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Opinion Editorials Letters Latest Seven Days Guest Viewpoint Contribute your Opinion Endorsements Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Life Lifestyles Food Tastings Healthy Families Weekend Home & Garden Outdoors Discovery Cannabis Culture Destination: Retirement Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Entertainment Entertainment Arts Movie Listings Go Entertainment Submit an event E-mail Newsletter Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Video Videos Photo galleries Obits Obituaries Obituary search Recent obituaries and guest books Purchase a tribute obituary Advertising Advertising General Advertising Information Print Advertising Digital Advertising Contact Advertising Digital Marketing Services Digital Services Information Web Design & Development Video Production Search Engine Marketing Client Portfolio Contact Classified Place a Print/Online Classified Ad All Classifieds Homes Autos Jobs Jobs at The Register-Guard   Classified Search Search The Register-Guard Google Search Proquest Newspaper Archives (back to 2001) Keywords: Google News Archive Search (back to 1867) Search Help Business Home   Business Walmart may have reached employment peak         By Christopher Rugaber and  Anne D’innocenzio The Associated Press June 3, 2017   Today’s Business stories Ideas to reality: If you can imagine it, MAC Group in Eugene says it can build it Owner of Eugene’s Valley River Inn continues fight against proposed 101-room hotel next door As noncompete agreements spread, more workers bound Helping women overcome barriers to join tech field Business Datebook More Business »   FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. — Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company’s investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders’ meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company’s investments in higher wages and training for its employees. “We will compete with technology, but win with people,” McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn’t fear increasing automation in the industry. “No doubt our work will be different in the future —robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do,” he continued. “Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don’t think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together.” A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. “We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology,” he said. But when or if that would happen is “to be determined.” Walmart’s moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn’t remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company’s online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world’s largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Walmart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company’s efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and “Jet Fresh” delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company’s acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. “The historic trade-off between price and service doesn’t really exist anymore,” McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies, located at Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. “I’m really excited about the environment that we’re creating for people to learn,” McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart’s U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It’s also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon’s popular Prime plan. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping “free,” given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. “I don’t think you should have to pay for free shipping,” he said. Walmart’s financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But “too many of us are still part-time,” she said. “Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can’t plan our lives, or line up a second job.” Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. “Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children,” Davis said. Jeff Gearhart, executive vice president of global governance, said that last year Walmart converted 150,000 part timers to full-time work. And 200,000 were promoted to positions of greater pay or more responsibility. More Business articles »     RG Business Local business news sent to your inbox every Thursday.         Today’s Business stories Business Ideas to reality: If you can imagine it, MAC Group in Eugene says it can build it Real Estate Development Owner of Eugene’s Valley River Inn continues fight against proposed 101-room hotel next door Business As noncompete agreements spread, more workers bound Business Senior discounts aren’t just for seniors anymore Business Helping women overcome barriers to join tech field Business Business Datebook Business Business Beat Business LED lights for bicycles target night riders     Opinion Editorial Is housing slipping out of reach? It might be a blip, but this year’s count of homeless people shows an increase Two data points don’t make a trend, so it would be a mistake to over-interpret the results of this year’s point-in-time count of homeless people in Lane County. It would also be a mistake to … Welcome to the R-G’s throwback Sunday Courage and compassion These three heroes deserve Presidential Medal of Freedom More Opinion » Lifestyles Books One for the books Siblings collect stories from Oregonians about books that influenced their lives VENETA — Standing in the tall grass outside a barn, siblings Kelsey and Jeff Geiger discuss their mission. Behind them is a bookmobile with big blue block letters that scream “Free Books!” Roosters putz around … Add ‘Wildman’ to list of books for graduates In a land where nothing’s familiar, connections come from the heart Books to breeze through this summer More Lifestyles » Discovery Hiking Gorge waterfall tour pours on the thrills Historic Columbia River Highway is a waterfall-lover’s dream, a gateway to splendor, tranquility and escape On this warm late afternoon in July, it’s tempting to step into the deafening rush of water that has shot beyond the basalt cliff overhead into a pool at Ponytail Falls in the Columbia River … The three jewels of Cape Arago Highway Maritime ghosts of the Oregon Coast Bridge to soaring scenery on uplifting Drift Creek Falls Trail More Discovery »   Quick links Submit News tips Letters to the editor Births / Weddings / Obituaries Entertainment event Education Extra Volunteer of the month Contact the newsroom Connect Promotions / Contests Email newsletters Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Volunteer Support Services About The Register-Guard Give us feedback Contact The Register-Guard Marketplace Homes Autos Jobs General Classifieds Digital Services Advertising Info Contact Advertising Classified Advertising Info Place a Classified ad Jobs at The Register-Guard Buy a photo Subscriber Services Today's front page Subscribe E-Edition Manage your account Archive Back issues Contact Subscriber Services Newspapers in Education Become a newspaper carrier The Register-Guard • 3500 Chad Drive • Eugene, OR • 97408 / (541) 485-1234 / Feedback Copyright © 1996–2017 / Terms / Privacy / Copyright
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Traffic Pedestrian killed in crash on I-440 in Raleigh Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Chance for storms remains overnight, Monday Sponsor Weather 2017 Atlantic hurricane season begins as many still struggle to recover from Matthew DUALDoppler5000 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Baseball North Carolina State holds off Kentucky 5-4 in NCAA regional Our Take Reliable Dalatri leads UNC past Michigan 8-1 in elimination game Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Perimeter players likely to rule ACC hoops in 2017-18 Twitter mailbag goes from sandwiches to 90s music All ACC Tourney games (don't) matter Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business Must-do for Congress: Raise debt limit, pass spending bills Business Trump to push for overhauling roads, bridges, air traffic Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Serena Williams in Silicon Valley Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: Legislature's budget -- More comfort for the comfortable Editorial: Legislators should heed protesters' message on Medicaid PHILIP PRICE: Truth is Senate 'cuts' to education 'bureaucracy' mean less accountability and support for teachers, students Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Business Duke seeks 15 percent increase in electric rates Business Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Health Team Texas lawmakers make few moves to address pregnancy deaths Political News This one letter helped spark a national opioid epidemic Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Theme park fun around US Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Entertainment Late in life, sex assault trial caps Cosby's life and legacy Entertainment Grande returns to Manchester to honor victims with benefit Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event You don’t need the newspaper to get your Sunday Circulars Click & Save for Instant Savings › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Restaurant patrons hid following shooting of 7-year-old boy Out and About Thousands take to Raleigh streets for Ironman race Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Interested in sports & pop culture? Listen to the NEW podcast › 72° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 72° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather Halifax and Northampton counties are under alert. Details Published: 2017-06-02 22:57:00 Updated: 2017-06-02 22:57:00 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper $5 Bonus when you join Swagbucks in June Tags: Freebies Posted 10:57 p.m. Friday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18EjR Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Swagbucks has a great sign-up bonus for June! You have probably seen me write about Swagbucks here on the blog. It's a site where you earn points (called SB) for things you're probably doing online already, like searching, watching videos, discovering deals, shopping online and taking surveys. Then you take those points and exchange them for gift cards to places like Amazon, Starbucks, Walmart, Target, CVS, Domino's, PayPal cash and more! Unlike a lot of other rewards sites, you can cash out at any time, and they have gift cards for as little as 300 SB (The $3 Amazon gift card - every little bit helps)! This month, you can get a 500 SB bonus (worth $5 in gift cards) through this blog when you sign up! Here's how it works: 1. Sign up at Swagbucks.com HERE. Click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get a bonus. 2. Earn 300 SB points total before 7/1/17 and you'll get a $3 (300 SB) bonus! 3. If you spend at least $25 through the Swagbucks Shop section, you'll get another $2 (200 SB) bonus on top of the cash back you'll get from shopping. You must receive your shopping SB before August 1st to get the 200 SB bonus. If I am doing any online shopping, I go through the Swagbucks Shop section if the store is participating so I can earn SB points for every purchase. I've used the Swagbucks Shop section for online shopping at stores including Amazon, Kohl's, Walmart, Target, Groupon and more. I usually cash in my SB points for CVS and Sheetz gift cards which means I use my SB for free toilet paper, free bath & beauty products and free gas! New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events (which we post about here on the blog and Swagbucks posts about on their website in the Swagbucks Blog section. * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Recently, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. I used a coupon code for a percent off when I made the purchase and qualified for free shipping and got the SB points added to my account a couple weeks later. * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. . . Disclosure: This post may contain affiliate links and we appreciate your using them! This means that I may receive compensation from other websites I mention on this blog. More On This IMAGE: $5 Bonus when you join Swagbucks in June 1 Swagbucks website Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com Free Credit Score - No Card Required! Save 50% Off Your Pella Windows Installation PLUS 0% APR for 36-Months $175 Off - Electric Panel Replacement The 'as low as" rate is at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Coast Guard searching for person after paddle board, hat wash ashore News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast News WRAL Late News Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Coast Guard searching for person after paddle board, hat wash ashore News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast News WRAL Late News Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALNY) Major Shareholder Sanofi Buys 297,501 Shares of Stock Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Major Shareholder Jim C. Walton Sells 1,455,636 Shares Hastings Group Hldg PLC (HSTG) Insider Richard Mark Brewster Sells 50,000 Shares Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact JetBlue Airways (JBLU) Share Price Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Impact Kadant (KAI) Share Price International Flavors & Fragrances (IFF) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Shows Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) Stock Price Genesco (GCO) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Euronet Worldwide (EEFT) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.16 Exactech (EXAC) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.13 Nuveen Amt-Free Quality Municpl Incm Fnd (NEA) Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.06 Nuveen Core Equity Alpha Fund Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.28 (JCE) Teacher Retirement System of Texas Cuts Position in Berry Global Group Inc (BERY) Bunge Ltd (BG) Shares Bought by Teacher Retirement System of Texas Generac Holdings Inc. (GNRC) Stake Raised by Impax Asset Management AIFM Ltd Teacher Retirement System of Texas Has $23,452,000 Stake in Kirby Co. (KEX) Teacher Retirement System of Texas Maintains Position in Westlake Chemical Co. (WLK) Ngam Advisors L.P. Reduces Stake in Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) Richard C. Young & CO. LTD. Reduces Stake in First Interstate Bancsystem Inc (FIBK) ABB Ltd (ABB) Shares Bought by Richard C. Young & CO. LTD. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Major Shareholder Jim C. Walton Sells 1,455,636 Shares June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 1,455,636 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $78.34, for a total transaction of $114,034,524.24. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 10,507,224 shares in the company, valued at $823,135,928.16. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Major shareholders that own 10% or more of a company’s stock are required to disclose their sales and purchases with the SEC. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) traded down 0.24% during trading on Friday, hitting $79.62. 7,996,466 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $241.65 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.08 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 12 month low of $65.28 and a 12 month high of $79.93. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $76.42 and its 200 day moving average price is $71.44. Wal-Mart Stores also was the recipient of unusually large options trading activity on Thursday. Stock traders purchased 3,595 call options on the stock. This is an increase of approximately 104% compared to the average volume of 1,762 call options. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The firm had revenue of $116.53 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $117.01 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.98 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.36 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-major-shareholder-jim-c-walton-sells-1455636-shares.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Asset Planning Services Ltd. raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.7% in the first quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. now owns 1,511 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 11 shares during the period. Wellington Shields & Co. LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the first quarter. Wellington Shields & Co. LLC now owns 3,661 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $264,000 after buying an additional 15 shares during the period. Fort Point Capital Partners LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the third quarter. Fort Point Capital Partners LLC now owns 4,663 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $336,000 after buying an additional 20 shares during the period. Alexandria Capital LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.9% in the first quarter. Alexandria Capital LLC now owns 2,513 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $181,000 after buying an additional 22 shares during the period. Finally, Sterneck Capital Management LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the first quarter. Sterneck Capital Management LLC now owns 6,588 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $475,000 after buying an additional 22 shares during the period. 29.69% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. A number of research firms have weighed in on WMT. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc began coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, February 10th. They issued a “positive” rating and a $80.00 target price on the stock. MKM Partners set a $72.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. Pacific Crest lowered shares of Wal-Mart Stores to a “hold” rating in a research note on Sunday, April 30th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $74.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, May 5th. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Saturday, May 13th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have given a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $78.41. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Check out the latest theme park experiences and attractions Savings Squad Save money with consumer news and deals Business Savings Squad | Shopping & Deals Free summer Walmart Beauty Box stuffed with products and samples Courtesy/Wal-Mart Courtesy/Wal-Mart Doreen ChristensenSun Sentinel Get a free Walmart Beauty Box each season with full-sized products, samples and coupons for $5 shipping. Privacy Policy Sign up to get a free box of summer cosmetics and personal-care products from Walmart for $5 in shipping. Seasonal Beauty Boxes are scheduled to be shipped this month. They come four times a year stuffed with eight to 10 full-sized products from name-brands including Secret, Olay, L'Oreal, Rimmel,  Dove, Neutrogena, TreSemme, Crest, Cover Girl and others. There also are samples and high-value coupons included, too. Once you sign up with a credit card, you'll get a new box each season. You can cancel any time. Beauty goodies for men and women include free waxing services at European Wax Center, free Burberry fragrance samples, gifts for your birthday, beauty boxes and Sephora makeup classes.  (Doreen Christensen) Click here for the deal. Shipping is $5. Connect with me: "Like" Doreen's Deals on Facebook; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter, Facebook and GooglePlus; sign up for my Freebie Friday Newsletter. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Doreen's Deals: Save on cosmetics with drugstore swaps, beauty hacks News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Legal Notices Obituaries 75°
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Azure Backup cuddles up real close to Windows Server Tintri files for US$100m IPO but warns losses will likely keep coming HPE's cloud server wasting away on low calorie Microsoft sales ViaSat lofts world's most powerful communications satellite into orbit Sage flogs North American Payments biz for $260m Whoops! Microsoft accidentally lets out a mobile-'bricking' OS update Google to give 6 months' warning for 2018 Chrome adblockalypse – report Toyota's entertaining the idea of Linux in cars Goodness gracious, great Chinese 'Fireball' malware infects 250m systems worldwide Social media vetting for US visas go live LIGO physicists eyeball a new gravitational wave Crapness of WannaCrypt coding offers hope for ransomware victims Who's going to dig you out of a security hole when the time comes? BA IT systems failure: Uninterruptible Power Supply was interrupted Performance anxiety: A different take on 'hybrid infrastructure' Ransomware realities: In your normal life, strangers don't extort you. But here you are How do you do, fellow kids? Grandpa Puppet gets down with Docker What happened when 300 DevOps experts took over the QE II? Windows is now built on Git, but Microsoft has found some bottlenecks Twilio packages code boilerplate to woo devs Policy The Channel UK PM May's response to London terror attack calls for regulation of internet companies Walmart workers invited to shuttle packages Pai guy not too privacy shy, says your caller ID can't block IP, so anons go bye The Big Blue Chopper video that IBM might want to keep quiet Bixby bailout: Samsungers bailing on lame-duck assistant Your emotionally absent pic-snapping partner's going to look you in the eye again Samsung's Bixby assistant fails English, gets held back a month Qualcomm names its Windows 10 ARM PC partners Geek's Guide ESA astronaut deaccelerates from 28,800kph to zero in first bumpy landing Boffins find evidence of strange uranium-producing bacteria lurking underground Gay Dutch vultures become dads Curiosity rover's crater 'offered multiple microbe-friendly environments' Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Amazon granted patent to put parachutes inside shipping labels The nuclear launch button won't be pressed by a finger but by a bot Virtual reality headsets even less popular than wearable devices Microsoft boosts its AI framework with Cognitive Toolkit 2.0 Verity Stob Utah fights man's attempt to marry laptop German robo-pastor preaches the GNU Testament IBM marketeers rub out chopper after visit from CEO Ginni I'll take the sandtrooper in white: Meet the rebel scum making Star Wars armour sets for a living 60 Business Walmart workers invited to shuttle packages Details scant on insurance, mileage costs, and depreciation 3 Jun 2017 at 00:06, Thomas Claburn As Amazon tests drone-drops for online orders, Walmart wants sales associates to double as delivery drivers. The global retail giant has launched a program to enlist its employees to deliver packages on the way to and from their jobs at the company's stores. Participation in the program, Walmart insists, is voluntary. Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart eCommerce in the US, says the program will cut shipping costs and get packages to customers faster. Walmart's 4,700 stores in the US are within 10 miles of 90 per cent of the US population. And with more than a million workers moving between their homes and Walmart stores, commuting routes might need only minor adjustments to bring packages to customers. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based behemoth is pilot-testing its package delivery scheme in three locations, two in New Jersey and one in northwest Arkansas. Participating employees get an app for that, and extra pay. Lore suggests that Walmart's approach, having goods and drivers start in the same location, is superior to crowdsourced delivery, where drivers have to travel to pick up packages. That overlooks the fact that Walmart trucks still have to transport goods to a store with an employee-driver. Nonetheless, Uber's struggle to make delivery profitable – the company has shut down UberRush and UberEssentials – suggests there may be a better way. If Walmart can make it work, the company might be able to use its physical presence to raise its online fulfillment game – perhaps even at Amazon's expense. "We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup," Lore explained in a blog post. "Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer's house. The best part is this gives our own associates a way to earn extra income on their existing drive home." Cash is king Walmart workers have been seeking extra income from the company, known for its low pay and resistance to unionization, for many years. Last year, Walmart committed to paying employees hired before 2016 at least $10 an hour. As a point of comparison, Walmart CEO Doug McMillon pocketed $21.8 million last year. Based on a 40-hour work week, for 52 weeks, that works out to about $10,480 an hour. At the company's recent shareholder meeting, there were again calls for higher wages, predictable schedules, and better benefits, according to The Washington Post. In an email to The Register, Cynthia Murray – who heads Organization United for Respect (OUR), a group that advocates for Walmart workers, and is an active Walmart associate based in Laurel, Maryland – acknowledged that the opportunity to earn additional income would be welcomed by some, but expressed concern about compensation details. "While many Walmart associates are struggling to get enough hours to make ends meet, this opportunity for additional hours could be a win for some associates," said Murray. "But without understanding if associates are going to be compensated for gas, additional insurance costs, wear and tear on our cars and the potential risks of delivering packages, then this program could be creating problems for associates." Murray added, "Technology is changing the nature of work in retail and we understand that. And while Walmart continues to point to its 1.5 million associates as its advantage over companies like Amazon, we also know that they are not doing enough to support us and our families." Walmart did not respond to a request for further details on the program. ® Tips and corrections 60 Comments MORE Walmart Sign up to our Newsletter Get IT in your inbox daily Subscribe More from The Register Walmart buys Jet.com 2 Comments Walmart sues Visa for being too lax with protecting chip cards The only thing lower than our prices is your security! 66 Comments Speaking in Tech: Went to Cancun... visited the Walmart Podcast All the best tech gossip here... Walmart spied on workers' Tweets, blogs before protests Defence contractor Lockheed Martin provided intelligence services before Black Friday 35 Comments Walmart to open-source its cloud-hopping code Retail giant offers skeleton key to escape cloud lock-in from … oh, no cloud in particular 10 Comments Walmart takes its DevOps platform and piles it high on GitHub Mega grocer throwing rotten tomatoes at Amazon? 5 Comments Whitepapers Hybrid and Public Cloud for Mission-critical Deployment Red Hat is a modern-day success story; it’s open-source software (OSS) model has now penetrated nearly every layer of IT systems that were once proprietary. Secure Mobile Development Best Practices Covering the vulnerabilities hackers might use to launch an attack, and remediation tips that you can use to build security into your app. Achieving the Dynamic Data Center Examining the emergence of clustering in the enterprise data center, and a set of criteria to consider when evaluating options for managing advanced, clustered IT infrastructure. Top Reasons NetBackup Beats Veeam NetBackup unified data protection protects all data no matter where it lives: virtual, physical or in the cloud. Most read BA IT systems failure: Uninterruptible Power Supply was interrupted BA CEO blames messaging and networks for grounding IBM marketeers rub out chopper after visit from CEO Ginni The Linux cloud swap that spells trouble for Microsoft and VMware I'll take the sandtrooper in white: Meet the rebel scum making Star Wars armour sets for a living Spotlight How the Facebook money funnel is shaping British elections Your roadmap to the Google vs Oracle Java wars Project Gollum: Because NHS Caring means NHS Sharing Plutus Payroll clients and staff fell for plausible business model fairy tales Drugs, vodka, Volvo: The Scandinavian answer to Britain's future new border UK General Election 2017: How EU law will hit British politicians' Facebook fight Facebook fake news: Sort it out yourself, readers Unpaid tech contractor: 'I have to support my family. I have no money for medicines' Sponsored links Know Your Infrastructure - On Prem and in the Cloud Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Under the hood Contact us Advertise with us More content Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Alerts Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 73° Low 68° High 82° Fayetteville 69° Low 64° High 77° Bentonville 68° Low 66° High 80° See complete forecast 47th Annual Walmart Shareholders Meeting Brings Thousands To Bud Walton Arena Posted 7:06 pm, June 2, 2017, by Kathryn Gilker Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video FAYETTEVILLE (KFSM) -- It was a big day for the 14,000 people inside the 47th annual Walmart Shareholders meeting. Technology and online sales have been a big theme all week at the meeting, and CEO Doug McMillon drummed the theme home, saying the company will compete with technology but win with people. “We'll win because we are purpose driven, with clear and meaningful values, with clear and meaningful values and an effective and resilient culture," he said. "It will be our humanity that drives our creativity, powers our competitive spirit and keeps us out in front." Walmart announced major changes to make them more competitive online against retail giants like Amazon. The company said it is rolling out changes to make life easier for families. One of those changes is free automated pickup. Customers drive up to the machine in the Walmart parking lot, enter a code and their order is provided in about a minute. “After testing it will be available 24-hours a day, 7 days a week," said Gisel Ruiz, executive vice president of operations for Sam's Club. "Imagine that ... and we'll be the only retailer in the world to have this setup." All around the world employees are thinking about what's possible and trying out new innovations. In Mexico they have digital kiosks where customers can place online orders in store and pay with cash. “Technology is helping us in so many ways," said Judith McKenna, chief operating officer of Walmart U.S. "It's providing convenience for our customers, it's helping to make sure that the work that our associates do is simpler and more valuable and most importantly that gives them more time to serve our customers.” Walmart is on track to achieve a 10-year commitment to support $250 billion in products that support American jobs. Walmart also announced a new test program where associates deliver online orders to customers on their commute home. This program is being tested at one Northwest Arkansas store and two in New Jersey. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Mercy Healthwatch Your latest health news. Popular 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Ada Man Shot Dead While Allegedly Trying To Drown Twins Missing Arkansas Man’s Dismembered Body Found Baby Dies After Pregnant Mom Is Seriously Injured In Crash With Suspected Drunk Driver Latest News 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Professional Angler Gives Fishing Tips For Free Fishing Days 15-Year-Old Business Owner Opens Her Doors Ariana Grande Holds Benefit Concert In Wake Of Terror Attacks VIDEO: Dave Van Horn Recaps Win Over Oral Roberts News Walmart To Begin Testing Associate Delivery News Walmart Shareholders Meeting Brings More Business News Thousands Head To Bud Walton For Walmart Shareholders Meeting News Walmart Cuts About 300 Jobs From Tech Division News Walmart Offers Differential Pay To Military Associates News Walmart Associates Connect At Shareholders Event News Local Food Pantry Gets Major Food Donation From Walmart Shareholders Week News Walmart Tries To Woo Online Customers With “Pickup Discount” News Delivery Robots Are Being Tested On U of A Campus News Walmart: Woman Filmed Making Racist Comments Banned From Shopping In Store News WATCH: Walmart Shareholders Meeting Happening Now With Blake Shelton As Host News Walmart Shows Appreciation To Moms With Walmart Beauty Boxes News Tyson Announces Switch To Using Antibiotic Free Chicken Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 04:20 GMT, Jun 05, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More Qatar kicked out of Saudi-led coalition bombing Yemen over alleged support for ISIS & Al-Qaeda HomeAmerica Walmart uses ‘brutally unfair’ system to punish employees for illnesses ‒ report Published time: 3 Jun, 2017 00:04 Edited time: 3 Jun, 2017 18:25 Get short URL Walmart employees and supporters block off a major intersection in downtown Washington, DC to stage a protest calling for $15 an hour and consistent full-time work on October 16, 2014. © Kevin Lamarque / Reuters Walmart is facing a battery of bad news about its treatment of employees, just in time for its annual shareholder meeting. A labor rights group says the company has an illegal sick leave policy, while workers wonder if racism plays a role in scheduling. As America’s largest private employer, with 1.5 million employees, Walmart has long been criticized for its policy of placing profit above all else, especially its workers. A new report about Walmart’s “absence control program” described the company’s sick leave policy as “brutally unfair” and “often against the law.” A Better Balance, a work and family legal center, surveyed more than 1,000 current and former Walmart employees about the policy. The group found that the company routinely refuses to accept doctors’ notes, punishes workers who need time off to care for a sick family member and otherwise penalizes lawful absences covered under the American with Disabilities Act (ADA) and the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), as well as other worker protections. Read more Walmart treats pregnant women as ‘second-class citizens’, new lawsuit claims Walmart’s employee policies are not distributed to workers, who are instead only able to access them on the company’s internal computer system, and often only when they are on-shift and management may be hovering nearby, A Better Balance found. Based on the interviews with employees, the group reports that Walmart operates a point system to discipline workers. All infractions ‒ “from talking back to a supervisor or taking too long during a break, to working too slowly or being absent from or late to work” ‒ are part of this system. When it comes to absences, anything “unauthorized” ‒ defined as working less than half a scheduled shift ‒ earns an employee one point. Showing up more than 10 minutes late is half a point. Not calling to report an absence at least an hour before shift nets four points. Employees who have worked for the company for less than six months are fired at four points, while those who have been with Walmart longer can accrue no more than nine points in a six-month rolling period. “I got into a car wreck on my way to work and was sent by ambulance to the hospital. I had two fractured ribs and a concussion. I reached a manager from the hospital, who said it would be OK, and I came into work the next day with wrapped ribs and a concussion. The front manager then said that they wouldn’t accept the doctor’s note from the hospital, and they fired me for missing that day,” a former employee in Oklahoma said in the report. Once employees start racking up points, they can receive disciplinary coachings, which go into their files. Having points or coachings on their records can keep workers from being assigned additional hours or receiving raises or promotions. “We call on Walmart not only to follow the law, but to work with its employees who have occasional absences related to health and disability,” A Better Balance said in its report. “Walmart can do better, and Walmart must do better. Workers and the advocates standing with them will not stop pushing until Walmart treats its workers fairly.” #Walmart warns workers not to use app helping them understand company's labor rules https://t.co/ImMDSyntSKpic.twitter.com/lrXTIqWj5V— RT America (@RT_America) November 15, 2016 Walmart said it had yet to see the report, but denied it punishes workers in emergency situations. “We understand that associates may have to miss work on occasion, and we have processes in place to assist them,” Randy Hargrove, a spokesman for Walmart, told the New York Times. The company reviews each employee’s circumstances individually, he said, “in compliance with company policy and the law.” Walmart’s employees are disproportionately low-wage and women of color, the report notes. One way that workers have sought to discover just how much the company discriminates against women, especially women of color, in managers’ decisions about which employees receive part-time versus full-time hours is to get Walmart to disclose the racial composition of its respective hourly workforces. #Walmartshares touts record on women but #WalmartWomen are 56% hourly workers, 43% management & 31% corporate officers. Equal opportunity? pic.twitter.com/TjSsVyOQuJ— Stand Up 2 Walmart (@OURWmt) June 2, 2017 The proposal ‒ filed by Janie Grice, a Walmart worker from Marion, South Carolina, at the annual shareholders meeting in Bentonville Arkansas ‒ was opposed by Walmart management and ultimately failed. "We believe that we’re supporting diversity within our associate ranks and encouraging promotion," Hargrove, the Walmart spokesman, told Buzzfeed News. "We’ve disclosed some percentages of what we’re doing, and we’re always looking at opportunities for more disclosure and how we work with our shareholders. Creating a culture that fosters diversity and inclusion is fundamental to everything we do at Walmart." The company says it is investing in its employees with both raises and training. Earlier this week, Walmart debuted a virtual reality headset to train employees. Another proposal, which has been in testing in one Arkansas and two New Jersey stores for a month, would pay employees who volunteer to deliver packages to customers on their way home from work. Read more Human resources: Walmart hired Lockheed Martin to keep tabs on employees “Walmart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this,” Walmart spokesman Ravi Jariwala said, noting that 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Walmart store. “There is really strong overlap between where our associates are already heading after work and where those packages need to go.” Although employees would be paid extra and offered overtime as necessary, Jariwala did not outline whether they would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination thereof, the Washington Post reported. Labor experts question the program, noting that employees could end up shouldering much of the risk, cost and liabilities involved with the deliveries. “The practice seems ripe for abuse if the company does not compensate workers for the full cost of their journey, the expenses related to gas, car depreciation, and potential problems like accidents, tickets or parking expenses,” Stephanie Luce, a labor professor at the City University of New York, told the Post. “Like other ‘gig economy’ type jobs, there is a potential to benefit workers ‒ but in reality, most of the benefits accrue to the employer, not the employee.” In mid-May, two women, represented by A Better Balance, sued Walmart, claiming it discriminated against pregnant employees before a policy change in 2014. The suit seeks class-action status, and, if accepted, could include at least 20,000 women and possibly up to 50,000 who worked at Walmart while pregnant before the policy was changed. The two women are considering filing a second lawsuit over the new policy, saying it did not go far enough. In January, Walmart announced pay raises for 1.2 million of its employees, bringing wages up to at least $10 an hour. The news came just five days after the company announced it was closing 154 stores in the US and laying off 10,000 people. What would you do if you found a cry for help from a prisoner and sweatshop laborer in your Walmart tote? https://t.co/AO59PnSmhr— RT America (@RT_America) May 2, 2017 Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts News Around the Web Weekend tech reading: Google previews London HQ, hack Android for $200k, Walmart workers to deliver packages By Matthew DeCarlo on Jun 4, 2017, 10:00 AM TechSpot Google unveils plans for 1m sq ft London headquarters Google has released designs for a new 11-story, 1 million-square-foot headquarters in London near King's Cross railway station, complete with a sprawling, landscaped rooftop garden. The facilities will include a cafe, gym and pool as well as a rooftop track and ground-floor retail spaces, according to the company's application for permission to build. The campus has been designed by an all-star team that includes Thomas Heatherwick, the British designer behind London's 2012 Olympic cauldron, and Danish architect Bjarke Ingels' BIG firm. CNN After 0 successful submissions, Google quadruples top reward for hacking Android to $200,000 Google has paid security researchers millions of dollars since launching its bug bounty program in 2010. The company today expanded its Android Security Rewards program because “no researcher has claimed the top reward for an exploit chain in two years.” Right. Well, the program has only been around for two years — a Google spokesperson confirmed that nobody has ever claimed the top reward. Venture Beat Intel CEO sees VR sports as a billion dollar business Intel CEO Brian Krzanich told Axios on Thursday that he sees virtual reality not only changing the face of sports, but also potentially being a multi-billion-dollar business for the chip giant. "I think it can be a couple billion dollar business" he said in an interview after his appearance at Code Conference. "And the reason is this is a whole new feed... things like advertising, the ability to take that data and sell it... we're the only ones who we believe can produce this stuff." Axios Why we're suing the FBI for records about Best Buy Geek Squad informants Sending your computer to Best Buy for repairs shouldn’t require you to surrender your Fourth Amendment rights. But that’s apparently what’s been happening when customers send their computers to a Geek Squad repair facility in Kentucky. We think the FBI’s use of Best Buy Geek Squad employees to search people’s computers without a warrant threatens to circumvent people’s constitutional rights. EFF Walmart is turning its employees into delivery drivers to compete with Amazon Walmart, which is aggressively investing in e-commerce to better compete with Amazon, is unveiling a new strategy: turning its army of 1.5 million US employees into delivery drivers. The tactic is being tested at three stores in New Jersey and Arkansas, and designed to shave costs out of the “last mile” of distribution, the most expensive part of getting goods to customers. Quartz Exploring DynamIQ and ARM’s New CPUs: Cortex-A75, Cortex-A55 ARM moves at an aggressive pace, pushing out new processor IP on a yearly cadence. It needs to move fast partly because it has so many partners across so many industries to keep happy and partly because it needs to keep up with the technology its IP comes into contact with, everything from new process nodes to higher quality displays to artificial intelligence. To keep pace, ARM keeps multiple design teams in several different locations all working in parallel. AnandTech Is “I forget” a valid defense when court orders demand a smartphone password? On May 30, two suspects accused of extorting the so-called "Queen of Snapchat" as part of a sex-tape scandal are scheduled to appear in a Florida court. But as wild as the premise sounds, primarily the accused need only to answer a simple question on this visit. Miami-Dade Circuit Judge Charles Johnson wants an explanation as to why Hencha Voigt and her then boyfriend, Wesley Victor, can't remember the passcodes to their mobile phones. Ars Technica 51 GPUs tested, from the Radeon HD 2900XT to RX 580 & R9 Fury: Testing the 2017 Linux driver stack It's that time of the year where we see how the open-source AMD Linux graphics driver stack is working on past and present hardware in a large GPU comparison with various OpenGL games and workloads. This year we go from the new Radeon RX 580 all the way back to the Radeon HD 2900XT, looking at how the mature Radeon DRM kernel driver and R600 Gallium3D driver is working for aging ATI/AMD graphics hardware. Phoronix Chrome bug allows sites to record audio and video without a visual indicator Ran Bar-Zik, a web developer at AOL, has discovered and reported a bug in Google Chrome that allows websites to record audio and video without showing a visual indicator. The bug is not as bad as it sounds, as the malicious website still needs to get the user's permission to access audio and video components, but there are various ways in which this issue could be weaponized to record audio or video without the user's knowledge. Bleeping Computer Does your video game have too many words? (Yeah, probably.) My whole career has been based on writing very story-heavy games, with lots of words. Our company, Spiderweb Software, is small. We can't afford fancy graphics, so we have to rely on words. Interesting, quality words. We're currently remastering the series with our most loved story and our bestest words. We also finished a new series, which had a lot of words which I suspect weren't as good because it didn't sell as well. Gamasutra Hollywood sees illegal streaming devices as ‘piracy 3.0’ Piracy remains a major threat for the movie industry, MPA Stan McCoy said yesterday during a panel session at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum. After McCoy praised the collaboration between the MPA(A) and Russian authorities in their fight against online piracy, the ‎President and Managing Director of the MPA’s EMEA region noted that pirates are not standing still. TorrentFreak The sci-fi timeline Which came first, the sci-fi chicken or the (alien) egg? We're all used to seeing movies and games set in the future, but often the date can seem a bit abstract. We've brought together some of our favourites to show yo the timeline and where they all fit. There were some surprises! See for yourself, and decide if the writers got it right! Glow BOE technology shows first working emissive QLED screens at DisplayWeek 2017 Per a report from OLED.net, Chinese tech company BOE Technology Group has shown the first examples of a fully functional electroluminescent emissive QLED displays in the form of a flat panel TV and phone. The company demoed both screens at DisplayWeek 2017. Electroluminescent QLED is an emissive technology, like OLED and plasma before it. AVS Forum What really happened with Vista I generally have posted about things that I have been directly involved with — either code I wrote or projects I managed. In this post I am taking a different tack to write about my perspective on the underlying causes of the Windows Vista (codename Longhorn) debacle. While this happened over a decade ago, this was a crucial period in the shift to mobile and had long-running consequences internally to Microsoft. Hacker Noon Hack brief: Dangerous ‘Fireball’ adware infects a quarter billion PCs Adware that infects your computer to display pop-ups is an annoyance. But when it infects as many as one in five networks in the world, and hides the capability to do far more serious damage to its victims, it’s an epidemic waiting to happen. Wired Related Reads Neowin's 7 days of cleaning up Windows and all things Android Neowin's 7 Days of Android updates, Qualcomm's "rubbish," and the last version of Windows Neowin's 7 Days of Xbox news, Lumia flagships, and Android's security crackdown Post a comment 1 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Logitech updates high-end mice: MX Master 2S and MX Anywhere 2S Microsoft co-founder shows off the world's biggest plane Tech leaders denounce Trump's decision to leave Paris agreement Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
connexion Français English Español Português Deutsch العربية EN Cairo (AFP) - 06/05/2017 - 05:33 Egypt cuts diplomatic ties with Qatar, following Saudi, Bahrain United Nations (United States) (AFP) - 06/05/2017 - 05:25 Cyprus talks to resume this month: UN chief Riyadh (AFP) - 06/05/2017 - 05:11 Saudi, Bahrain cut ties with Qatar Bogota (AFP) - 06/05/2017 - 03:52 FARC slams Colombian government for 'repeatedly breaking' peace pact terms Beirut (AFP) - 06/04/2017 - 23:56 Islamic State claims London attack: IS-linked agency Search form Search The News The Agency About AFP management AFP in dates AFP in numbers AFP in the world AFP in pictures AFP Charter Annual report Subsidiaries Awards Press releases and newsletter Medialab Products Products and services Partners Inside AFP BUY OUR PRINTS You are here Home News Blockchain seen as tool in food safety 4 Jun 2017 AFP/File / NOAH SEELAM Wal-Mart Stores is testing blockchain, the underlying technology behind virtual currency bitcoin, on mangos The food industry is turning to the same technology used by virtual currencies to strengthen food safety and inventory management by tracking meats and crops from farm to table. Working with IBM, retail giant Wal-Mart Stores is testing the technology system on mangos in the United States and pork in China. Blockchain, the underlying technology behind virtual currency bitcoin, is a digital system that allows counter parties to transact using individual codes for goods. "I see a lot of potential to create what I call a digital and transparent food system," said Wal-Mart food safety vice president Frank Yiannas. The technology enables different parties in the supply chain to share details such as the date an animal was slaughtered or the weather conditions at harvest time. Data can be stored through a photograph on a smartphone that is transmitted onto a dedicated platform. The system also can also counter fraud and mistaken deliveries, champions of the technology say. "The advantage of blockchain is that the ledger is immediately updated and all the parties have access to the latest information," said Bill Fearnley, Jr. an expert at market intelligence firm IDC. Supporters of blockchain are especially keen to address salmonella and other food safety problems that can cause health scares that weigh on corporate reputation and damage sales. The technology allows a more efficient response if there is a problem, enabling companies to locate the source of an incident more quickly, Yiannas said. He pointed to a 2006 case where it took hundreds of investigators and two weeks to identify the source of bad spinach under a paper-based system. But blockchain "reduces tracing from days to seconds," Yiannas said. "The more accurately you can track food, the better." - Demand for transparency - The other great virtue of blockchain is enhanced transparency by letting consumers look up key information on where food comes from, an asset amid growing concerns about genetically-modified crops and artificial ingredients. That additional transparency also can help promote more desirable practices. British online startup Provenance used blockchain technology to test tuna caught in Indonesia to help corroborate claims the fish were responsibly caught. The technology also has been embraced by companies in the jewelry business to fight the sale of so-called "conflict diamonds," which come from war-torn regions. "Our goal is to provide transparency at every step of a diamond's journey and ultimately re-shape the way we trade diamonds globally," said Leanne Kemp chief executive of Everledger, a British company that tracks diamonds from the mines to jewelry stores. But to completely function as a system, all the parties need to participate, Fearnley said. Danish shipping giant Maersk estimates the technology could save billions of dollars by eliminating fraud and incorrect deliveries. It is testing the technology with container ships between Kenya and the Netherlands. But the transition will require investment. A refrigerated product raised in Africa and shipped to Europe requires at least 30 people with some 200 interactions among parties, including customs, taxes, and food safety oversight. 4 Jun 2017 Previous Back to summary Next AFP's worldwide network The global network of Agence France Presse covers 150 countries Find out more Find out more Contact us If you have news to share or a question, comment or suggestion, contact us via... MAIL Facebook Twitter Subsidiaries AFP Gmbh Sport Informations Dienst AFP-Services   About AFP AFP is a global news agency delivering fast, in-depth coverage of the events shaping our world from wars and conflicts to politics, sports, entertainment and the latest breakthroughs in health, science and technology. Useful links Site Map Contact us Terms of use Our Blog Correspondent Partners Business Wire close
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS World News LATEST NEWS 22 people charred to death in Uttar Pradesh bus accident IMF warns US fiscal uncertainty, China's credit growth pose risk to Asia World Bank keeps 2017 global growth forecast at 2.7% Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire Banking/FinanceMedia/EntertainmentNGOs & CSRServicesTechnologyMisc. Defence Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRET 2Good 4GoodCSR CompendiumCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›World News 09:23 AM | 05 Junmarket stats SENSEX 31,231-42.17 NIFTY 50 9,650-3.50 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,905253.0 USD/INR 64.32-0.15 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Wal-Mart asks employees to deliver packages on their way home By Bloomberg | Updated: Jun 05, 2017, 01.06 AM IST Post a Comment The test began at three locations in Arkansas and New Jersey. Generate Enquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You Wal-Mart Stores is testing a programme that sends store employees to deliver online orders at the end of their shifts, a new push by the world’s biggest retailer to use its large physical footprint to match Amazon.com’s convenient options for web purchases. Workers can opt in to earn extra money by making deliveries using their own cars. They’re assigned packages based on where they live so the route aligns with their commute home, the company said on Thursday in a blog post. Wal-Mart didn’t specify how the employees will be compensated. The test began at three locations in Arkansas and New Jersey. WalMart is tapping into its 4,700 US stores and more than a million retail employees as it seeks to redefine itself in an age of ecommerce dominated by Amazon, which offers delivery of some products in as little as an hour in some cities. Online spending will increase 16 per cent this year – more than four times the pace of overall retail – to reach $462 billion, according to EMarketer. About 90 per cent of the US population lives within 10 miles of a Wal-Mart, and the company is using those locations as shipping hubs to compete with Amazon on the last mile of delivery – the most expensive part of getting goods to customers. By using existing workers in their own cars, Wal-Mart could create a vast network with little upfront cost, similar to how Uber Technologies created a ride-hailing service without owning any cars. “Imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” said Marc Lore, who took over Wal-Mart’s ecommerce operation last year after the retailer purchased his startup, Jet.com, for $3.3 billion. “This test could be a game-changer.” Many online orders in tests have been delivered overnight using store employees, Lore said, showing how the initiative could also be used to narrow delivery times. Comments(0)Add Comments Wal-Mart asks employees to deliver packages on their way home To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter READ MORE ONUS storesUber TechnologiesAmazon Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Find a State Farm® agent near you! State Farm Insurance Tasty Deep Samosas! Khao toh jaano! Deep Foods Transact More Sales With E-commerce Solutions On Azure MicrosoftMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Donald Trump backs H-1B reforms bill: US lawmaker Wal-Mart looks to loosen Amazon's Grip Online Package for home textiles in forthcoming Textile Policy From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Desktop Users Are Obsessed with This Strategy Game Soldiers: Free Online Game WASHINGTON DC How A Smart Home Helps You Get To Work On Time Alarm.com Forbidden Places Even The US President Can't Isn't Allowed.. The Brofessional The Most Addicting Shopping Site For Women Tophatter Five ways to deal with an employee who isn't a team player Five ways to deal with a disengaged employee Five ways to prevent burnout among employees 5 ways to give negative feedback to employees Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Microsoft to government: Process followed to set up online marketplace is against policies Indian Railways asked to pay Rs 75,000 to passenger whose seat was occupied by others Successful demonetisation will help up revenues in long run: World Bank Show what you can do for America, Aspen tells India IS claims responsibility of UK attack, 12 arrested More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebICC Champions Trophy Live Score|Narendra Modi in Russia Top 10 mutual funds|RERA Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review|BSE Sensex Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Traffic Pedestrian killed in crash on I-440 in Raleigh Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Chance for storms remains overnight, Monday Sponsor Weather 2017 Atlantic hurricane season begins as many still struggle to recover from Matthew DUALDoppler5000 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Baseball North Carolina State holds off Kentucky 5-4 in NCAA regional Our Take Reliable Dalatri leads UNC past Michigan 8-1 in elimination game Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Perimeter players likely to rule ACC hoops in 2017-18 Twitter mailbag goes from sandwiches to 90s music All ACC Tourney games (don't) matter Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business Must-do for Congress: Raise debt limit, pass spending bills Business Trump to push for overhauling roads, bridges, air traffic Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Serena Williams in Silicon Valley Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: Legislature's budget -- More comfort for the comfortable Editorial: Legislators should heed protesters' message on Medicaid PHILIP PRICE: Truth is Senate 'cuts' to education 'bureaucracy' mean less accountability and support for teachers, students Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Business Duke seeks 15 percent increase in electric rates Business Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Health Team Texas lawmakers make few moves to address pregnancy deaths Political News This one letter helped spark a national opioid epidemic Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Theme park fun around US Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Entertainment Late in life, sex assault trial caps Cosby's life and legacy Entertainment Grande returns to Manchester to honor victims with benefit Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event You don’t need the newspaper to get your Sunday Circulars Click & Save for Instant Savings › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Restaurant patrons hid following shooting of 7-year-old boy Out and About Thousands take to Raleigh streets for Ironman race Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Interested in sports & pop culture? Listen to the NEW podcast › 72° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 72° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather Halifax and Northampton counties are under alert. Details Published: 2017-06-03 06:06:00 Updated: 2017-06-04 13:39:37 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Swagbucks Swag Code until 3 pm Sunday Tags: Freebies Posted 6:06 a.m. Saturday Updated 1:39 p.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18Evc Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Heads up! There is a Swagbucks Swag Code available today until 3 pm for 2 SB points! The code is: WinAJeep Enter it at Swagbucks.com HERE in the Swag Code box. New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. Look below for a bonus sign up code! How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Just this week, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. This post contains affiliate links and I appreciate your using them! More On This IMAGE: Swagbucks Swag Code until 3 pm Sunday 1 Swagbucks.com website Swagbucks Stealth Code Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Save 50% Off Your Pella Windows Installation PLUS 0% APR for 36-Months UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com Myrtle Beach Spring Deals - Save Up to 40% Myrtle Beach Specials - Book Now & Save Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Coast Guard searching for person after paddle board, hat wash ashore News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast News WRAL Late News Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Coast Guard searching for person after paddle board, hat wash ashore News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast News WRAL Late News Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Hollywood Life by Bonnie Fuller News Style Ent. Shop Breaking News Entertainment Fashion Beauty HollyBaby Kardashians Selena Kylie Justin Bieber Home Gwen Stefani Blake Shelton Blake Shelton Calls Gwen Stefani His… Blake Shelton Calls Gwen Stefani His ‘Favorite Person’ At Walmart Event — Sweet Video Fri, June 2, 2017 2:37pm EDT by Alyssa Norwin 1 Comment View Gallery 87 Photos Our hearts are literally melting over this! Blake Shelton introduced his girlfriend, Gwen Stefani’s, performance at an event for Walmart on June 2, and he did it in the sweetest way EVER. Then, she responded on Twitter with an equally adorable message in return. Blake Shelton, 40, hosted the 2017 Walmart Shareholders conference on June 2, which conveniently featured a performance from his gorgeous girlfriend, Gwen Stefani, 47. The No Doubt frontwoman closed the show, and Blake welcomed her to the stage in the most perfect way. “I’ve saved the best for last,” he told the crowd. “This next artist has sold over two trillion albums. She has won over 10 thousand Grammys, and a bunch of other awesome stuff. And, she happens to be my favorite person in the world!” Okay, obviously parts of that are an exaggeration, but we have a feeling the final comment is 100% the REAL deal. Awww! Of course, Gwen had something equally nice to say in return. After the event, she took to Twitter to retweet a video of the introduction, and wrote, “My favorite introduction in my life by MY favorite person in the world.” Could these two BE more perfect together?! Just one day before this Walmart event, the lovebirds were out together in Hollywood, and photographers caught them arriving at a recording studio, sparking speculation they could be working on another song together. Yes, it’s definitely time! Things seem to be going better than ever for Blake and Gwen these days, and it’s hard to believe they only just got together a year and a half ago. In summer 2015, both stars were going through difficult divorces, from Miranda Lambert and Gavin Rossdale, respectively, but they found love with each other unexpectedly just a few months later on the set of The Voice. Now, it certainly wouldn’t be surprising if they walk down the aisle again…with one another! Ball’s in your court, Blake… Blake Shelton introducing his favorite person in the world, Gwen Stefani @blakeshelton @gwenstefani #Walmartshareholders pic.twitter.com/raHxtwJ7S1 — 🦋Ƙαì (@greektrigirl) June 2, 2017 HollywoodLifers, what do you think of Blake’s introduction for Gwen!? More Blake & Gwen News: Gwen Stefani & Blake Shelton On Easter -- Pics Gwen Stefani & Blake Shelton Hit Studio Together: New Song On The Way? -- Pics Have Blake Shelton & Gwen Stefani Decided Not To Get Married? Their Plans Revealed JavaScript is required to load the comments. Loading comments... Gwen Stefani & Blake Shelton Hit Studio Together: New Song On The Way? -- Pics Jun02 Read Article►→ 6 Have Blake Shelton & Gwen Stefani Decided Not To Get Married? Their Plans… Jun01 Read Article►→ 6 powered by ZergNet 18 Wildest Pregnancy Rumors Of All Time: Rihanna, Jennifer Aniston & More May30 Read Article►→ 5 Gwen Stefani Feels Blake Shelton Might Surprise Her With Sweet Engagement May26 Read Article►→ 15 Blake Shelton & Gwen Stefani: The Sexy Summer Vacation He's Planning With Her May24 Read Article►→ 21 Blake Shelton & More To Take The Stage At 2017 CMT Awards -- Who Else? May24 Read Article►→ 14 Gwen Stefani Makes Blake Shelton Feel Like A 'Winner' After 'The Voice' Finale… May24 Read Article►→ 3 Pippa Middleton's Chic Australian Honeymoon Sandals Are Now On… Fear TWD Showrunner Breaks Down [Spoiler]'s 'Inevitable' Demise… Drama Desk Awards 2017: Bette Midler, 'Oslo' Take Top Honors… 'The Leftovers' Finale: Damon Lindelof & Justin Theroux On What… Get That Red Carpet Glow With These Plant-Based Beauty… The Power of Content DEADLINE india.com Variety TV|Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwear News Variety411: Your production services resource Feedback Contact Us Advertise with Us Corporate Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use Copyright © 2017 Hollywoodlife.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP ad
Wharton, University of Pennsylvania The K@W Network: English 简体中文 繁體中文 Español Portugués Log In Register Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Rows Knowledge @ Wharton Search World Search Topics Finance Innovation Leadership Marketing Management Public Policy Social Impact Technology Regions North America Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa Global Focus Research K@W Radio More Books Videos Opinion Sponsor Collaborations Reports About About Us Our Team Media Room News Feeds Partnerships Feedback Johnson & Johnson The Promise of Big Data: Revolutionizing Health Care Sustainability In collaboration with Johnson & Johnson, May 11, 2016 Health Economics Partner Collaborations Global Focus North America Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote For people working to make U.S. health care purchasing more green, it’s not data that’s lacking, it’s discovering the meaningful part. “That’s the big question now: How can we leverage technology in a way that converts data into meaningful information that purchasing managers can use to do their jobs better?” asked JoAnna Abrams, CEO of MindClick, a supply chain sustainability company. If such information were available, it could revolutionize hospital procurement, saving money for everyone involved; reduce health care’s impact on the environment; improve the health of patients, hospital staff and the public; motivate manufacturers to invest more in sustainable products; and spark innovation all along the supply chain. But as things stand now, the information is not generally available. “What there’s almost none of — and this is where we have tried to focus some of our work in sustainable procurement — is support for the buyers actually making the purchasing decisions,” said Eric Olson, senior vice president at Business for Social Responsibility (BSR), a global nonprofit that develops sustainable business strategies and solutions. “Big companies make commitments to all these wonderful things, but people down in the guts, who have to actually do the buying, don’t really know how to do that. Or if they do know how to do it, they don’t know how to also keep their job, because sooner or later they’re going come against a trade off between unit cost and these other important attributes.” Learning from Other Industries As different as they are, the electronics and apparel industries share a similar history when it comes to their supply chains. Both were exposed in the media for abusing the environment and the people laboring to make their products; both suffered real financial pain as a result of the negative press; and both responded by creating data-driven coalitions of otherwise competitive companies to address the environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues involved. When the electronics industry began working on the challenge with BSR in 2004, it quickly became apparent that, “improvement was not going to be driven if all the suppliers in east Asia and elsewhere were being presented with large numbers of conflicting requirements from buyers,” Olson explained. “We needed to get together, agree on root causes, agree on what acceptable and good practices would look like, and then we had to agree on the protocols that would guide everything from auditing to remediation.” Things did not go smoothly at first. There were stormy meetings, as the group of eight companies went through the “storming and norming” phase of building a collaborative team. But eventually the storms abated, as “we found pre-competitive space in one of the most competitive industries on the planet,” said Olson. By working on common issues that would benefit all concerned, the group came to see clearly the value of what could only be done together. The group was spun off by BSR in 2008, and today the Electronic Industry Citizenship Coalition (EICC) has 100 members that generate combined annual revenues exceeding $3 trillion. All of these companies — which directly employ more than 5.5 million people and have another 3.5 million contributing to the production of their products — abide by the EICC Code of Conduct, governing labor, ethics, environment, and health and safety. While there are still plenty of challenges facing the EICC, Olson said that successes to date have included these three key elements: Getting the governance right: “What are we trying to achieve, what are the rights and responsibilities of those who join, what truly are pre-competitive issues where we can afford and benefit from collaborating, and what areas are just out of bounds?” Investing in the right transparency mechanisms: “We’re tantalizingly close to a step-change. The infrastructure has just gotten so much better, with the cloud offering the ability to share information without having the mother of all management software systems.” Taking a practical approach: “We’ve had to satisfy ourselves with a subset of information that we can actually get our hands on, believe and take action on when we get it. The train wrecks have been when people overbuilt — went for way more information than they were ever going to be able to take action on.” In 2010, a remarkably similar process led to the creation of the Sustainable Apparel Coalition (SAC). At the time, “buyers throughout the industry were receiving an ever-increasing number of audits and surveys,” said Scott Miller, director of business development for SAC. Many of the questions were redundant, he said. “And nothing was getting better. The manufacturers were simply becoming expert audit takers.” Industry Outreach In response to the situation, the senior management at Walmart approached the senior management at Patagonia about coming together to develop a universal standard for the measurement of sustainability in the apparel industry. Joined by 10 other companies, the group consulted with other stakeholders and came up with the Higg Index. (The name isn’t significant; it was painstakingly devised to be inoffensive in all languages.) The Higg Index was first created in Excel and focused only on environmental sustainability. As feedback came in, SAC made revisions, moved from spreadsheets to a sophisticated, transparent online platform and expanded the index to encompass social and labor issues. Today, more than 6,000 manufacturers and suppliers contribute to the Higg Index, now including both footwear and home textiles. Other industries, including glassware and tableware, also use the Higg Index, because they see major retail customers (such as Macy’s, Target and Walmart) using it. As EICC did, SAC worked hard to create a pre-competitive space where competitors “can literally sit at the same table, as sustainability professionals, and collaborate on improving practices in the supply chain,” noted Miller. Where Health Care Fits In The challenge facing health care is both the same and different. All three industries — electronics, apparel and health care — have faced essentially the same obstacle to sustainability: the redundant collection of disparate data that cannot be meaningfully integrated into the purchasing process. But Abrams pointed out some clear differences. While the apparel and information and communications technology (ICT) industries have complicated global supply chains, their suppliers are generally confined to certain key industries. Neither electronics nor apparel “deals with the huge array of manufacturers that health care does, where you can be talking about everything from endotracheal tubes to baby formula,” said MindClick’s Abrams. “There is also a much more manageable number of players in those other industries,” Abrams added. One hundred companies are members of EICC and SAC has 174 members. “In health care, you’ve got 5,000 hospitals alone, plus all the manufacturers, plus all the GPOs, plus all the clinical services that are in non-hospital settings. The scale of this thing is absolutely massive.” Still, the experiences of SAC and EICC point to some essential ingredients that any solution in health care ignores at its peril, including most clearly a collaborative system that eliminates redundant and irrelevant data collection, provides transparency and translates data into actionable information. Just as important, SAC and EICC succeeded by starting slowly and growing incrementally over time. These lessons have not been lost on health care professionals, who are now in the early stages of creating their own collaborative effort to green hospitals’ supply chains. A Daunting Task A great deal of time, effort and money will be required to make such an index a reality. “And at the end of the day there has to be an ROI,” said Abrams. “The way we approach this is to look at what each stakeholder is looking to get out of the index.” Suppliers want to know how they compare to the competition. If a manufacturer’s product scores better than a competitor’s, it can use that information to help increase market share. If its product performs poorly, a manufacturer can work to improve the product, provided, of course, that the market justifies the investment. That’s another benefit of a sustainable health care index: It allows suppliers to see how robust the market is for a product with specific EPP attributes. Hospitals and other providers are driven by their mission, and by the changing economics of health care under the Affordable Care Act, to protect and improve the health of the communities they serve. They can use a sustainability index to steer clear of products that can actually aggravate the very conditions they are spending precious resources to alleviate and cure. And with solid metrics to work with, they will be able to evaluate the complex tradeoffs between short-term and long-term costs. Such metrics are less likely to be helpful in marketing, at least in the near future. While a hospital may promote its overall sustainability, it is unlikely to showcase incremental reductions in its use of harmful materials. Group purchasing organizations (GPOs) stand to benefit from an index in a variety of ways. Kevin Lewis, national program coordinator at one of the largest GPOs, Premier Inc., noted that as its 3,600 hospital members increasingly look for EPP data they can use in purchasing, suppliers not now on contract with the company will be motivated to sign on. In addition, said Abrams, “Contracting is really the tip of the iceberg.” GPOs are really in the business of providing valuable analytics to their members so they will benefit by having a third party that cost effectively provides verified information they can integrate into their own analytical tools. Strength in Numbers As a demonstration of what a sustainable health care index could achieve, six companies recently participated in a case study: Premier, Johnson & Johnson, Steelcase (a furniture and furnishings company) and three health care providers, Edward-Elmhurst Health, Anne Arundel Health and Fairview Health. The results from Edward-Elmhurst were first released at the conference on “Sustainability & Health Care: Creating & Capturing Value” at Wharton, co-sponsored by Johnson & Johnson and Wharton’s Initiative for Global Environmental Leadership (IGEL). Since then, results from the other two health care systems have also been released, so “now all three hospitals are in a position to see how they compare to each other,” explained Abrams, whose company, MindClick, is at the center of the initiative. The case study focused on three categories — endotracheal tubes, furniture and sutures — and used the Environmentally Preferable Purchasing (EPP) data already being collected. Although the EPP data includes responses to only 25 questions, and only the data from one GPO and two suppliers was used, once that data was matched with a line item list of the purchases Edward-Elmhurst had made in all three categories during the 12 months preceding September 2015, MindClick had more than 300,000 data points to work with. To translate those data points into usable information, the MindClick team identified which questions were relevant in each category and sorted responses into three simple categories: Starter, Achiever and Leader. The study revealed that 66% of the $60,000 Edwards-Elmhurst spent on endotracheal tubes during the year went for products that earned Achiever status. The remaining 34% was spent on products not on contract with Premier, and therefore with unknown EPP performance. Success Stories The story was even better in the sutures category: 91% of the hospital’s spending was on products at the Leader level from Ethicon, which not only dominates in market share, but also performs at the Leader level across its entire reported product line. No EPP information was available for furniture, because Edwards-Elmhurst purchased all of its furniture during the year from distributors, not Premier. (A what-if scenario demonstrated that if the hospital had purchased products available from Steelcase, 88% would have been at the Leader level, with the remaining 12% rated as Achievers.) In total, Edwards-Elmhurst learned that 50% of the money it spent in the three categories purchased products that positively contributed to human and environmental health, but that the other half did not. This knowledge gave the hospital a benchmark against which to measure its progress in the years ahead. As in the ICT and apparel industries, health care is building its index slowly and carefully. During the coming year, MindClick will be working with a pilot group of hospitals and a pilot group of categories to create the first phase of the Healthcare Sustainable Purchasing Index (HSPI). Two advisory councils, one for providers and one for suppliers, are also being formed to identify the questions that are most pertinent in each category. Based on the experiences in other industries, the HSPI will continue growing over the coming years, sharpening the questions that are asked, enlisting the participation of more suppliers, GPOs and providers and building out the robust technology engine that will power the whole enterprise. As it does so, the index will help green a health care supply chain that represents 18% of the nation’s GDP. Citing Knowledge@Wharton Close For Personal use: Please use the following citations to quote for personal use: MLA "The Promise of Big Data: Revolutionizing Health Care Sustainability." Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 11 May, 2016. Web. 05 June, 2017 <http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/promise-big-data-information-can-revolutionize-health-care-sustainability/> APA The Promise of Big Data: Revolutionizing Health Care Sustainability. Knowledge@Wharton (2016, May 11). Retrieved from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/promise-big-data-information-can-revolutionize-health-care-sustainability/ Chicago "The Promise of Big Data: Revolutionizing Health Care Sustainability" Knowledge@Wharton, May 11, 2016, accessed June 05, 2017. http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/promise-big-data-information-can-revolutionize-health-care-sustainability/ For Educational/Business use: Please contact us for repurposing articles, podcasts, or videos using our content licensing contact form. Additional Reading Management For a Greener Supply Chain: Information Hospitals Can Actually Use With data sitting in thousands of unconnected spreadsheets, the challenge has now become how to incorporate it all into the purchasing process in the health care industry. Management Appreciating the Value of Sustainability in Health Care Hospitals could save billions by reducing energy use and waste, and achieving efficiencies in the operating room. But collecting the data has proved challenging. Sponsored Content The Four A’s: Turning Big Data into Useful Information To make their purchasing more sustainable, hospitals and other providers need to identify which data will be genuinely useful to them, capture it all and find ways to incorporate it into their vast and complex purchasing systems.   Join The Discussion One Comment So Far Log In or sign up to comment Anumakonda Jagadeesh Excellent article on Big Data and Health Care. Big data is a term for data sets that are so large or complex that traditional data processing application software is inadequate to deal with them. Challenges include capture, storage, analysis, data curation, search, sharing, transfer, visualization, querying, updating and information privacy. The term “big data” often refers simply to the use of predictive analytics, user behavior analytics, or certain other advanced data analytics methods that extract value from data, and seldom to a particular size of data set. “There is little doubt that the quantities of data now available are indeed large, but that’s not the most relevant characteristic of this new data ecosystem.” Analysis of data sets can find new correlations to “spot business trends, prevent diseases, combat crime and so on.” Scientists, business executives, practitioners of medicine, advertising and governments alike regularly meet difficulties with large data-sets in areas including Internet search, fintech, urban informatics, and business informatics. Scientists encounter limitations in e-Science work, including meteorology, genomics, connectomics, complex physics simulations, biology and environmental research. Data sets grow rapidly – in part because they are increasingly gathered by cheap and numerous information-sensing Internet of things devices such as mobile devices, aerial (remote sensing), software logs, cameras, microphones, radio-frequency identification (RFID) readers and wireless sensor networks. The world’s technological per-capita capacity to store information has roughly doubled every 40 months since the 1980s; as of 2012, every day 2.5 exabytes (2.5×1018) of data are generated. One question for large enterprises is determining who should own big-data initiatives that affect the entire organization. Relational database management systems and desktop statistics- and visualization-packages often have difficulty handling big data. The work may require “massively parallel software running on tens, hundreds, or even thousands of servers”. What counts as “big data” varies depending on the capabilities of the users and their tools, and expanding capabilities make big data a moving target. “For some organizations, facing hundreds of gigabytes of data for the first time may trigger a need to reconsider data management options. For others, it may take tens or hundreds of terabytes before data size becomes a significant consideration.” Big data can be described by the following characteristics: Volume The quantity of generated and stored data. The size of the data determines the value and potential insight- and whether it can actually be considered big data or not. Variety The type and nature of the data. This helps people who analyze it to effectively use the resulting insight. Velocity In this context, the speed at which the data is generated and processed to meet the demands and challenges that lie in the path of growth and development. Variability Inconsistency of the data set can hamper processes to handle and manage it. Veracity The quality of captured data can vary greatly, affecting accurate analysis. Factory work and Cyber-physical systems may have a 6C system: • Connection (sensor and networks) • Cloud (computing and data on demand)[32][33] • Cyber (model and memory) • Content/context (meaning and correlation) • Community (sharing and collaboration) • Customization (personalization and value) Data must be processed with advanced tools (analytics and algorithms) to reveal meaningful information. For example, to manage a factory one must consider both visible and invisible issues with various components. Information generation algorithms must detect and address invisible issues such as machine degradation, component wear, etc. on the factory floor.[34][35] Health care analytics is a term used to describe the healthcare analysis activities that can be undertaken as a result of data collected from four areas within healthcare; claims and cost data, pharmaceutical and research and development (R&D) data, clinical data (collected from electronic medical records (EHRs)), and patient behavior and sentiment data (patient behaviors and preferences, (retail purchases e.g. data captured in running stores). Health care analytics is a growing industry in the United States, expected to grow to more than $18.7 billion by 2020. The industry focuses on the areas of clinical analysis, financial analysis, supply chain analysis, as well as, fraud and HR analysis. The current largest players in the market are medical consulting and medical software companies (IBM Corporation, SAS Institute, Inc. Optum, Inc, Truven Health Analytics Inc., Cerner Corporation, and McKesson Corporation) who have the ability to extend their reach with already existing customers. Health care analytics allows for the examination of patterns in various healthcare data in order to determine how clinical care can be improved while limiting excessive spending. Citing consultant George Zachariah from Dynamics Research Corporation, Healthcare IT News noted several potential benefits from health care analytics: 1) “cut[ting] down administrative costs,” 2) “clinical decision support,” 3) “cut[ting] down on fraud and abuse,” 4) “better care coordination,” and 5) “improv[ing] patient wellness.” A research article by Betty Jo Rochio further discussed how data analytics could be used to lower costs by “reduc[ing] variation in supplies, labor, and overhead.” Dr.A.Jagadeesh Nellore(AP),India Knowledge@Wharton Partners View All Partners Partner Collaborations Become a Content Partner The Wharton School is committed to sharing its intellectual capital through the school’s online business journal, Knowledge@Wharton. Podcasts Hear what CEOs, Wharton faculty, and other commentators have to say about the latest business trends, breaking news and market research in their own words. Listen Now stay informed Get Knowledge@Wharton delivered to your inbox every week. Follow us on: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn About Knowledge@Wharton Become a Content Partner Privacy Policy Feedback All materials copyright of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Traders Buy High Volume of Call Options on Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) VMware Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (VMW) Traders Purchase High Volume of Call Options on Visa (V) Stock Traders Purchase Large Volume of Call Options on Analog Devices (ADI) Traders Buy High Volume of Procter & Gamble Co Call Options (PG) Analysts Issue Forecasts for Resolute Energy Corp’s FY2018 Earnings (REN) Russell 2000 Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (RUT) Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for S&W Seed Company Cut by Analyst (SANW) Short Interest in CIT Group Inc. (CIT) Rises By 65.8% Oppenheimer Holdings Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Short Interest Update SPDR S&P Biotech Target of Unusually High Options Trading (XBI) BCE Inc. (BCE) Forecasted to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.86 Per Share Investors Buy Shares of Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) on Weakness After Insider Selling Exxon Mobil Target of Unusually High Options Trading (XOM) Seaport Global Securities Brokers Increase Earnings Estimates for Ship Finance International Limited (SFL) Matador Resources Co (MTDR) Receives $28.90 Consensus PT from Brokerages $790,000.00 in Sales Expected for T2 Biosystems Inc (TTOO) This Quarter O2Micro International Limited (OIIM) versus Sparton (SPA) Financial Contrast Finisar Co. (FNSR) Receives $37.71 Average PT from Brokerages Traders Buy High Volume of Call Options on Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) June 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) was the recipient of some unusual options trading activity on Thursday. Investors acquired 3,595 call options on the company. This is an increase of 104% compared to the typical volume of 1,762 call options. In related news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,000,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.50, for a total value of $211,500,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $740,752,453.50. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 2,576,324 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $78.65, for a total transaction of $202,627,882.60. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 6,748,580 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $530,775,817. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 13,259,726 shares of company stock valued at $1,016,472,206. 51.55% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in WMT. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. acquired a new position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at about $104,000. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 89.2% in the first quarter. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC now owns 1,476 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 696 shares in the last quarter. Glassman Wealth Services boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 68.3% in the first quarter. Glassman Wealth Services now owns 1,471 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 597 shares in the last quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.7% in the first quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. now owns 1,511 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 11 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 6,777.8% in the fourth quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 114,171 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $114,000 after buying an additional 112,511 shares in the last quarter. 29.69% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) opened at 79.62 on Friday. Wal-Mart Stores has a one year low of $65.28 and a one year high of $79.93. The stock has a market cap of $241.65 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.08 and a beta of 0.09. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $76.42 and a 200 day moving average of $71.44. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. The company had revenue of $116.53 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $117.01 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The business’s revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.98 EPS. On average, equities research analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores will post $4.36 EPS for the current fiscal year. A number of brokerages recently weighed in on WMT. Vetr cut shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $82.17 price target for the company. in a research report on Thursday. Sanford C. Bernstein set a $75.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Saturday, May 20th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $88.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, May 20th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $78.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Monday, May 22nd. Finally, Robert W. Baird set a $85.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have assigned a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the company. Wal-Mart Stores presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $78.41. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Traders Buy High Volume of Call Options on Wal-Mart Stores (WMT)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/04/traders-buy-high-volume-of-call-options-on-wal-mart-stores-wmt.html. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest View latest happenings Latest News National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Today's Paper Mon June 05, 2017 View Newspaper Opinion Newspost Editorial Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar e-paper e-paper Mon June 05, 2017 Magazines View all Magazines Instep Money Matters YOU US Writer's Archive View all Writers search Home Latest National Today's Paper Trending Budget 2017panama leaksChampions TrophyCPEC Home Latest National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Oped Opinion Newspost Editorial Writer's Archive City News Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar Magazines Instep Money Matters< YOU US search Today's Paper e-paper Mon June 05, 2017 Toggle navigation Trending: Budget 2017 panama leaks Champions Trophy CPEC Advertisement Can't connect right now! retry add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! Print Story X Print Story Business June 4, 2017 Share Advertisement Wal-Mart reassures employees FAYETTEVILLE, Arkansas: Wal-Mart Stores Inc executives on Friday reassured workers they remained integral to the company's success as they highlighted investments in online sales and other technology to compete with rivals like Amazon.com Inc. Wal-Mart is successfully using e-commerce to boost sales but does not want to alienate workers who have helped drive gains with improved customer service and higher morale following a rise in base pay to $10 an hour. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," Chief Executive Doug McMillon said at Wal-Mart's annual shareholder meeting where all the company's board member nominations were approved. "We will be people-led and tech-empowered." The nod to store employees and the retail workforce was a departure from past years when the company focused shareholder presentations on the technology it was adopting to close the online gap with Amazon and beat other competitors. The shift followed complaints by labor groups that Wal-Mart had to do more for workers, despite the company's $2.7 billion investment in employee training and wages in 2015 and the 2016 wage increase to $10. Advertisement Comments Comment Advertisement Topstory Seven killed as terrorists hit London again Leakage of Hussain Nawaz’s photo insulting: Marriyum Nine Daesh commanders among 12 terrorists killed in Mastung PTI rejects comparison between cases against Nawaz, Imran Failure to end loadshedding may lead to early elections View more... see all opinions Opinion Syed Talat Hussain Season of ironies Zaigham Khan A fatwa against fatwas Shahid Siddiqui The challenge of extremism Dr A Q Khan A leaf from history Deedar Hussain Samejo Beyond political change Mark Hertsgaard A crime against humanity see all opinions Newspost Checks and balances Not allowed Laudable efforts Good news Agricultural productivity View more... see all opinions Editorial Terror strikes London Dictatorial legislation View more... see all opinions National Maleeha urges Afghanistan to remove its security lapses PSO’s inability to maintain fuel supply to hit power generation Two gunned down in Quetta Allocation for President House to be slashed by 30 percent Those involved in PanamaLeaks must be exposed, says Siraj View more... see all opinions World Unsure of US, Asia builds new alliances to counter China Musicians play tunes in protest at US-Mexico border wall Zuma denies owning ‘palace’ in Dubai Outgoing PM triumphs in Malta as voters shrug off corruption claims Brazil election court eyes end to Temer’s presidency View more... see all opinions Sports India blunt Pakistan’s bowling arsenal Game over for Wahab? Finn replaces Woakes in England’s Trophy squad Amir fit but Wahab’s CT fate remains uncertain ICC tightens Champions Trophy security View more... see all opinions Business Sindh likely to unveil Rs1 trillion deficit budget today View more... see all opinions Karachi MQM-P ditches sectors and units for new organisational structure Nine-year-old boy shot dead in robbery bid ‘Climate change threatens extreme weather for Sindh and Balochistan’ Sindh told to audit Rs3.22 billion Zakat funds given by Centre over past three years Will it be a tryst with an environmental cataclysm? View more... see all opinions Lahore Cut in vegetable prices not enforced Expose all names in Panama Leaks: Siraj Two drown in Ravi, canal Punjab budget full of show-offs, says Pervaiz AIOU to set up Chinese language Centre in Gwadar View more... see all opinions Islamabad Twin cities see hottest day of the season Minister orders probe into sanitation worker’s death Surgical units to be part of Al-Shifa free camps Cricket at fever pitch ahead of Indo-Pak clash Tribute to Sania Nishtar’s fight View more... see all opinions Peshawar Doctors’ body distances itself from agitation against govt KP Police put on alert due to possible attacks Officials directed to acquire land for Kohistan 545MW power project Obituary View more... see all opinions Advertisement PRIVACY POLICY | CONTACT US | BACK ISSUES © 2017 THE NEWS INTERNATIONAL Back To Top
Latest View latest happenings Latest News National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Today's Paper Mon June 05, 2017 View Newspaper Opinion Newspost Editorial Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar e-paper e-paper Mon June 05, 2017 Magazines View all Magazines Instep Money Matters YOU US Writer's Archive View all Writers search Home Latest National Today's Paper Trending Budget 2017panama leaksChampions TrophyCPEC Home Latest National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Oped Opinion Newspost Editorial Writer's Archive City News Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar Magazines Instep Money Matters< YOU US search Today's Paper e-paper Mon June 05, 2017 Toggle navigation Trending: Budget 2017 panama leaks Champions Trophy CPEC Advertisement Can't connect right now! retry add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! Print Story X Print Story Business June 4, 2017 Share Advertisement Big US companies stay on White House panel WASHINGTON: Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord.Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry.Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Advertisement Comments Comment Advertisement Topstory Seven killed as terrorists hit London again Leakage of Hussain Nawaz’s photo insulting: Marriyum Nine Daesh commanders among 12 terrorists killed in Mastung PTI rejects comparison between cases against Nawaz, Imran Failure to end loadshedding may lead to early elections View more... see all opinions Opinion Syed Talat Hussain Season of ironies Zaigham Khan A fatwa against fatwas Shahid Siddiqui The challenge of extremism Dr A Q Khan A leaf from history Deedar Hussain Samejo Beyond political change Mark Hertsgaard A crime against humanity see all opinions Newspost Checks and balances Not allowed Laudable efforts Good news Agricultural productivity View more... see all opinions Editorial Terror strikes London Dictatorial legislation View more... see all opinions National Maleeha urges Afghanistan to remove its security lapses PSO’s inability to maintain fuel supply to hit power generation Two gunned down in Quetta Allocation for President House to be slashed by 30 percent Those involved in PanamaLeaks must be exposed, says Siraj View more... see all opinions World Unsure of US, Asia builds new alliances to counter China Musicians play tunes in protest at US-Mexico border wall Zuma denies owning ‘palace’ in Dubai Outgoing PM triumphs in Malta as voters shrug off corruption claims Brazil election court eyes end to Temer’s presidency View more... see all opinions Sports India blunt Pakistan’s bowling arsenal Game over for Wahab? Finn replaces Woakes in England’s Trophy squad Amir fit but Wahab’s CT fate remains uncertain ICC tightens Champions Trophy security View more... see all opinions Business Sindh likely to unveil Rs1 trillion deficit budget today View more... see all opinions Karachi MQM-P ditches sectors and units for new organisational structure Nine-year-old boy shot dead in robbery bid ‘Climate change threatens extreme weather for Sindh and Balochistan’ Sindh told to audit Rs3.22 billion Zakat funds given by Centre over past three years Will it be a tryst with an environmental cataclysm? View more... see all opinions Lahore Cut in vegetable prices not enforced Expose all names in Panama Leaks: Siraj Two drown in Ravi, canal Punjab budget full of show-offs, says Pervaiz AIOU to set up Chinese language Centre in Gwadar View more... see all opinions Islamabad Twin cities see hottest day of the season Minister orders probe into sanitation worker’s death Surgical units to be part of Al-Shifa free camps Cricket at fever pitch ahead of Indo-Pak clash Tribute to Sania Nishtar’s fight View more... see all opinions Peshawar Doctors’ body distances itself from agitation against govt KP Police put on alert due to possible attacks Officials directed to acquire land for Kohistan 545MW power project Obituary View more... see all opinions Advertisement PRIVACY POLICY | CONTACT US | BACK ISSUES © 2017 THE NEWS INTERNATIONAL Back To Top
Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) How to build a state trooper One Love Manchester concert being carried live around the world Terror attack on London Bridge leaves 6 dead; police shoot 3 News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Prime minister vows to fight back 'Run, Hide, Tell' likely saved lives Trump may not block Comey testimony Trump's tweets take combative tone Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Depth foils LeBron's triple-double Wildcats stun Tar Heels Benintendi backs Sale 7th inning stretches another Mets loss Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Next for Trump: infrastructure Coming up with a down payment the biggest hurdle On The Move Farmers, lawmakers call for respect of workers amid Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of the Capital Region Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Best of the Capital Region 2017: Italian restaurant New York City mourns a first responder to 9/11 Naughty by Nature, Outlaws join Alive at Five lineup People in the news: Boy? Girl? Don't tell Serena Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Ciudad Juarez museum tells Mexican Revolution story Bite-Sized: Morsels of food news TIPS: How to make the most of grilling season Sipping: Wine pick of the week Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives The Battle of Midway – And An Unexpected Saratoga Conservatism, properly understood, part 2 Schodack Food Truck Festival June 4 We have baby birds. TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Freihofer's runner helps us see disabilities in a new light Editorial: Let's get specific, Albany Region's job market ready to embrace college grads The Buzz Jobs Top Workplaces Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Albany Med service targets executive patients Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Learning lessons from a garage sale fail High & Low House of the Week: Rowhouse on Washington Park, Albany June's Parade of Homes set to be largest yet Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Free movies: Bow Tie Cinemas Summer Kids Series returns June 20 What to buy in June? Key items to “buy” or “wait to buy” during Money tips for new college grads MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/tuplus-opinion/article/Editorials-Long-story-short-11193851.php Editorials: Long story short Published 5:53 pm, Saturday, June 3, 2017 Easing of enforcement a bad idea from the start Rensselaer County District Attorney Joel Abelove has seen the light — or at least he heard the harsh criticisms of his puzzling policy to go light on Wal-Mart shoplifters. Either way, he has made the right decision to reverse a deal he had brokered with the nation's largest retailer whereby his office wouldn't bother prosecuting first-time, nonviolent shoplifting cases, as long as the stolen loot totaled less than $100. It was aimed at better using his office's limited resources. Fortunately, he dropped the practice after the Times Union revealed the written agreement between his office and Wal-Mart. Sheriff Patrick Russo, one of many critics, put it best: "We shouldn't be sending the message that stealing is acceptable." Stepped-up enforcement is the right way to go Albany County District Attorney David Soares is getting appropriately tough on those who fail to use court-ordered breath-activated ignition interlock devices after alcohol-related driving convictions. The district attorney had delegated local courts to handle a rising number of cases in which people are charged with a misdemeanor for circumventing an ignition interlock device. They could face up to a year behind bars, but too many times the local justices were allowing plea bargains, including for multiple offenders. Mr. Soares, who already takes a hard line on drunken driving cases, is right in arguing that people who bypass interlock devices must be fully prosecuted. Someone who's allowed to drive after a drunken driving conviction is already getting a second chance. No more deals. Trade group shouldn't have to sue for records The state's Associated General Contractors says it supports the policy of encouraging businesses operated by minorities and women, or MWBEs, on public projects, but it still questions whether the program is run fairly. Getting answers is not so easy, though: The state has refused in some cases to produce records on the MWBE program. So the contractors group has sued. The public is left to wonder just why the Cuomo administration is so intent on keeping this information secret. This is a TU+ story. Click for more information. Latest News Kmack set to take lacrosse further Taking a look at the best of the week in Section II Art of drag shines in Albany Curb fixes fall to property owners Letter: Pay attention to reasonable people Still plenty of time for political leadership in New York Editorial: A pension idea to do now Michael Gerson: Trump is confirming worst fears View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
About Contact Contests News Staff Sundance Live SXSW 2010 Film Festival Live Coverage Twitter Feed WAMG Text Service Review Contests About Podcasts News Staff Contact General News SHOWING ROOTS starring Maggie Grace Arrives on DVD June 20th By Tom Stockman | June 3, 2017 Share Tweet Share Share 0 comments Tweet Email Tweet Email Return to the 1970s when the inspirational drama SHOWING ROOTS, starring Maggie Grace and Uzo Aduba, arrives on DVD at Walmart on June 20 from Lionsgate. Return to the 1970s when the inspirational drama Showing Roots arrives on DVD at Walmart on June 20 from Lionsgate. The film tells the story of two women who cross racial boundaries to form a friendship and fight against inequality in their small town. Maggie Grace and Uzo Aduba lead an all-star cast that includes Adam Brody, Elizabeth McGovern, and Cicely Tyson.From director Michael Wilson (The Trip to Bountiful), the Showing Roots DVD includes a behind-the-scenes featurette and will be available for the suggested retail price of $14.98. In 1977, as the miniseries “Roots” hits the airwaves, two women are inspired to try and integrate their small Southern town. In a place where there are still “right” and “wrong” sides of the tracks, these two young women — one white, one black — forge an unlikely friendship that sparks a journey of independence and self-discovery, and ultimately results in the creation of the perfect hairdo. Stars Maggie Grace, Uzo Aduba, Elizabeth McGovern, Adam Brody, Cicely Tyson. DVD/DIGITAL HD SPECIAL FEATURES “Behind the Scenes of Showing Roots” Featurette   CAST Maggie Grace              Taken, Lockout Uzo Aduba                               TV’s “Orange Is the New Black,” American Pastoral Adam Brody                             TV’s “The O.C.,” Mr. & Mrs. Smith Elizabeth McGovern                TV’s “Downton Abbey,” Kick-Ass Cicely Tyson                            TV’s “How to Get Away with Murder,” The Help     Related ItemsCicely TysonElizabeth McGovernUZO ADUBAadam brodymaggie grace Tom Stockman ← Previous Story Jackie Chan in RAILROAD TIGERS Arrives on Blu-ray and DVD June 20th From Well Go USA Next Story → ALTITUDE Starring Dolph Lundgren and Denise Richards Lands on Blu-ray and DVD June 20th You may also like... AFTERMATH Starring Arnold Schwarzenegger and Maggie Grace Arriving on Blu-ray and DVD June 6th WAMG Giveaway – Win the ORANGE IS THE NEW BLACK: SEASON 4 Blu-ray ORANGE IS THE NEW BLACK: SEASON 4 – Arriving on Blu-ray, DVD, and Digital HD May 9th Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. About Contact Contests News Staff Sundance Live SXSW 2010 Film Festival Live Coverage Twitter Feed WAMG Text Service WeAreMovieGeeks is a Movie News & Reviews resource Copyright © 2013 Lanier Media Latest News Director Patty Jenkins’ WONDER WOMAN Has Largest Female-Lead Superhero Movie Opening Of All Time A GRAIN OF TRUTH – St. Louis Jewish Film Festival Review ALTITUDE Starring Dolph Lundgren and Denise Richards Lands on Blu-ray and DVD June 20th SHOWING ROOTS starring Maggie Grace Arrives on DVD June 20th FANNY’S JOURNEY – St. Louis Jewish Film Festival Review Disney’s BEAUTY AND THE BEAST on Digital HD, DVD, Blu-ray and Disney Movies Anywhere June 6th Tags Review paramount pictures Warner Bros. Pictures Film festival SLIFF 20th Century Fox marvel Comedy Johnny Depp Documentary Universal Pictures brad pitt disney Trailer Horror The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences Steven Spielberg michael bay Oscars saint louis Robert Downey Jr. Seth Rogen mark wahlberg Samuel L Jackson Tom Cruise Hugh Jackman Gary Oldman Quentin Tarantino Scarlett Johansson lionsgate
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 73° Low 68° High 82° Fayetteville 69° Low 64° High 77° Bentonville 68° Low 66° High 80° See complete forecast Fort Smith PD: All Clear After Bomb Threat At Local Walmart Posted 2:38 pm, June 3, 2017, by 5NEWS Web Staff, Updated at 10:05PM, June 3, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video FORT SMITH (KFSM) -- No bomb was found was found at the Walmart Supercenter on Kelley Highway in Fort Smith, according to police, but the store will not reopen until 5 p.m., or a bit later. Fort Smith Police Sergeant Wes Milan said the store was evacuated Saturday (June 3) after Walmart's Loss Prevention department found a note about a bomb threat in the women's restroom. The retailer chose to evacuate the store.  The gas station and parking area was also evacuated as a precaution, police said. "The police evacuated the building and I was told to leave the store immediately," one shopper told 5News. 5News reporter Krystle Sherrell was at the scene throughout the afternoon with the latest details and photos.     Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Mercy Healthwatch Your latest health news. Popular 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Ada Man Shot Dead While Allegedly Trying To Drown Twins Missing Arkansas Man’s Dismembered Body Found Baby Dies After Pregnant Mom Is Seriously Injured In Crash With Suspected Drunk Driver Latest News 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Professional Angler Gives Fishing Tips For Free Fishing Days 15-Year-Old Business Owner Opens Her Doors Ariana Grande Holds Benefit Concert In Wake Of Terror Attacks VIDEO: Dave Van Horn Recaps Win Over Oral Roberts News Fayetteville High School Students Return To Class Following Bomb Threat News Holiday Bomb Threats Target 5 Jewish Centers In US, Canada News Bentonville Hotel Partially Evacuated After Carbon Monoxide Leak News Stormtrooper Costume Prompts Evacuation Of Wisconsin High School News Police Identify Driver, Pedestrians In Deadly Accident In Rogers Walmart Parking Lot Crimestoppers News Rogers Police Ask For Help Identifying Suspects Who Stole $3,000 Worth Of Goods From Walmart News Fort Smith Store Employee Shoots Intruder News Fort Smith Police Searching For Man Accused Of Stealing From Local Walmart News Fort Smith Police Searching For Man Involved In Alleged Walmart Theft News German Rock Festival Evacuated Because Of Terror Threat News ‘Help Me! I’m Going To Die’: 16-Year-Old Illinois Girl Accused Of Killing Uber Driver With Knife, Machete News Fort Smith Police Discover Several Underground Tunnels Leading To Giant Man-Made Hole News Springdale Police Find Pipe Bomb Outside City Hall Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Traffic Pedestrian killed in crash on I-440 in Raleigh Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Chance for storms remains overnight, Monday Sponsor Weather 2017 Atlantic hurricane season begins as many still struggle to recover from Matthew DUALDoppler5000 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Baseball North Carolina State holds off Kentucky 5-4 in NCAA regional Our Take Reliable Dalatri leads UNC past Michigan 8-1 in elimination game Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Perimeter players likely to rule ACC hoops in 2017-18 Twitter mailbag goes from sandwiches to 90s music All ACC Tourney games (don't) matter Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business Must-do for Congress: Raise debt limit, pass spending bills Business Trump to push for overhauling roads, bridges, air traffic Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Serena Williams in Silicon Valley Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: Legislature's budget -- More comfort for the comfortable Editorial: Legislators should heed protesters' message on Medicaid PHILIP PRICE: Truth is Senate 'cuts' to education 'bureaucracy' mean less accountability and support for teachers, students Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Business Duke seeks 15 percent increase in electric rates Business Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Health Team Texas lawmakers make few moves to address pregnancy deaths Political News This one letter helped spark a national opioid epidemic Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Theme park fun around US Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Entertainment Late in life, sex assault trial caps Cosby's life and legacy Entertainment Grande returns to Manchester to honor victims with benefit Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event You don’t need the newspaper to get your Sunday Circulars Click & Save for Instant Savings › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Restaurant patrons hid following shooting of 7-year-old boy Out and About Thousands take to Raleigh streets for Ironman race Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Interested in sports & pop culture? Listen to the NEW podcast › 72° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 72° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather Halifax and Northampton counties are under alert. Details Published: 2017-06-03 06:06:00 Updated: 2017-06-04 13:39:37 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Swagbucks Swag Code until 3 pm Sunday Tags: Freebies Posted 6:06 a.m. Saturday Updated 1:39 p.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18Evc Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Heads up! There is a Swagbucks Swag Code available today until 3 pm for 2 SB points! The code is: WinAJeep Enter it at Swagbucks.com HERE in the Swag Code box. New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. Look below for a bonus sign up code! How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Just this week, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. This post contains affiliate links and I appreciate your using them! More On This IMAGE: Swagbucks Swag Code until 3 pm Sunday 1 Swagbucks.com website Swagbucks Stealth Code Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Free Credit Score - No Card Required! Myrtle Beach Spring Deals - Save Up to 40% Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com The 'as low as" rate is at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) The "as low as" rate is at 3.72% APR (30 yr.) Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Coast Guard searching for person after paddle board, hat wash ashore News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast News WRAL Late News Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Coast Guard searching for person after paddle board, hat wash ashore News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast News WRAL Late News Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Companies Does Donad Trump still think climate change is a hoax? No one can say Business Standard Walmart accused of punishing workers for sick days Walmart is accused of violating Americans with Disabilities Act and the Family and Medical Leave Act Rachel Abrams  June 3, 2017 Last Updated at 22:15 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWPoDm ALSO READ Hear stories of exploited unlawful migrant workers, not just deport them US immigration: How unaccompanied youth become exploited workers in the US Breather for over 24,000 illegal Indian workers in Kuwait Disney sued by ex-workers for replacing American workers with Indians Meet the foreign tech workers left in limbo by Trump moves A report released by a workers’ advocacy group says Walmart, the nation’s largest private employer, routinely refuses to accept doctors’ notes, penalises workers who need to take care of a sick family member and otherwise punishes employees for lawful absences. The report, based on a survey of more than 1,000 employees, accuses Walmart of violating the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Family and Medical Leave Act, among other worker-protection laws. The group argued in a lawsuit filed last month, and in an earlier complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, that Walmart discriminated against pregnant workers. “Walmart should fully comply with the law so that no one is illegally punished for a disability-related absence or for taking care of themselves or a loved one with a serious medical condition,” said Dina Bakst, a founder and president of A Better Balance, the advocacy group that preparedthe report. Walmart said that it had not reviewed the report but disputed the group’s conclusions, and said that the company’s attendance policies helped make sure that there were enough employees to help customers while protecting workers from regularly covering others’ duties. “We understand that associates may have to miss work on occasion, and we have processes in place to assist them,” Randy Hargrove, a spokesman for Walmart, said. The company reviews each employee’s circumstances individually, he said, “in compliance with company policy and the law.” Walmart has long been known for its penny-pinching attention to detail and its opposition to organised labour. But in the past couple of years, the company has announced that it would raise its minimum wage to $10 an hour and has pledged to invest heavily in training and paying workers. Workers’ advocates have expressed scepticism about the retailer’s commitment to improving the lives of its more than one million employees.  ©2017 The New York Times News Service Read More On Walmart | Workers | Accusations | Sick Days | Advocacy Groups | Pregnant Workers | Worker Protection Laws | International | Companies PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Walmart accused of punishing workers for sick days Walmart is accused of violating Americans with Disabilities Act and the Family and Medical Leave Act Walmart is accused of violating Americans with Disabilities Act and the Family and Medical Leave Act A report released by a workers’ advocacy group says Walmart, the nation’s largest private employer, routinely refuses to accept doctors’ notes, penalises workers who need to take care of a sick family member and otherwise punishes employees for lawful absences. The report, based on a survey of more than 1,000 employees, accuses Walmart of violating the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Family and Medical Leave Act, among other worker-protection laws. The group argued in a lawsuit filed last month, and in an earlier complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, that Walmart discriminated against pregnant workers. “Walmart should fully comply with the law so that no one is illegally punished for a disability-related absence or for taking care of themselves or a loved one with a serious medical condition,” said Dina Bakst, a founder and president of A Better Balance, the advocacy group that preparedthe report. Walmart said that it had not reviewed the report but disputed the group’s conclusions, and said that the company’s attendance policies helped make sure that there were enough employees to help customers while protecting workers from regularly covering others’ duties. “We understand that associates may have to miss work on occasion, and we have processes in place to assist them,” Randy Hargrove, a spokesman for Walmart, said. The company reviews each employee’s circumstances individually, he said, “in compliance with company policy and the law.” Walmart has long been known for its penny-pinching attention to detail and its opposition to organised labour. But in the past couple of years, the company has announced that it would raise its minimum wage to $10 an hour and has pledged to invest heavily in training and paying workers. Workers’ advocates have expressed scepticism about the retailer’s commitment to improving the lives of its more than one million employees.  ©2017 The New York Times News Service Rachel Abrams Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Walmart accused of punishing workers for sick days Walmart is accused of violating Americans with Disabilities Act and the Family and Medical Leave Act A report released by a workers’ advocacy group says Walmart, the nation’s largest private employer, routinely refuses to accept doctors’ notes, penalises workers who need to take care of a sick family member and otherwise punishes employees for lawful absences. The report, based on a survey of more than 1,000 employees, accuses Walmart of violating the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Family and Medical Leave Act, among other worker-protection laws. The group argued in a lawsuit filed last month, and in an earlier complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, that Walmart discriminated against pregnant workers. “Walmart should fully comply with the law so that no one is illegally punished for a disability-related absence or for taking care of themselves or a loved one with a serious medical condition,” said Dina Bakst, a founder and president of A Better Balance, the advocacy group that preparedthe report. Walmart said that it had not reviewed the report but disputed the group’s conclusions, and said that the company’s attendance policies helped make sure that there were enough employees to help customers while protecting workers from regularly covering others’ duties. “We understand that associates may have to miss work on occasion, and we have processes in place to assist them,” Randy Hargrove, a spokesman for Walmart, said. The company reviews each employee’s circumstances individually, he said, “in compliance with company policy and the law.” Walmart has long been known for its penny-pinching attention to detail and its opposition to organised labour. But in the past couple of years, the company has announced that it would raise its minimum wage to $10 an hour and has pledged to invest heavily in training and paying workers. Workers’ advocates have expressed scepticism about the retailer’s commitment to improving the lives of its more than one million employees.  ©2017 The New York Times News Service Rachel Abrams Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Press Esc to close Monday 05 June 2017 News updated at 9:41 AM IST epaper  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   Business   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Champions Trophy   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   Kitchen   Recipe   Archives   DH Classifieds    Saudi, UAE, Egypt, Bahrain cut diplomatic ties with Qatar      Four militants killed as CRPF repel fidayeen attack in Kashmir      Umpire Ravi passes away      Zidane pep talk did the trick      Real remain masters of Europe      Pakistan bow to Indian might      Pakistan bow to Indian might      IT employee unions for 'compassionate unionism'      'India GDP growth to remain flat at 7.1%'      Demonetisation will help boost revenues in long run: World Bank      PSBs plan to raise Rs 58k cr this fiscal      RCom: Telecom industry's cash deficit at Rs 1.2 L cr      Kohli, Yuvraj fire India to 319/3 in rain-hit tie      Play resumes, match reduced to 48-over a side      Terror funding probe: NIA continues raids in J&K      Punjab police arrest three ISI backed ISYF terrorists      Dissatisfied with probe, Anurag Tiwari's family mulls moving court      Molestation victims sought to lodge report, harassed by cop      Pakistan put India in to bat      Kohli, Yuvraj fire India to 319/3 in rain-hit tie      As CBI court holds Babri hearings, temple issue hots up in UP      Trump speaks with Theresa May on brutal London terror attacks      Witnesses share horrific tales of attack in central London      Modi expresses anguish over London attacks      Two-goal Ronaldo fires Real to 12th European title      7 killed, 48 injured as terror attacks strike heart of London      Raghu, Misha sail into final      Food as aesthetic symbol and its afterlives      Cattle rule puts lives at stake      TYGR taxis to ply on Bengaluru roads soon      Ind-Ra revises outlook on Vedanta to stable      BoB signs agreement with SFAC      Textile industry welcomes 5% GST      Big US firms stay on White House panel despite climate jolt      Property prices set to drop post-July 1      Cisco India on talent grooming drive      Sona BLW expands Hungary facility      'More hybrids you sell, greater the chances of EV success'      Gujarat govt notifies amended law with provision of life-term for cow slaughter      Govt retains Rohatgi as Attorney General and Kumar as Solicitor General      PM Modi to hold talks with new French President      ED issues fresh summons to separatist leader Shabir Shah      The little-known of replica of Gateway of India!      Grand old man of Indian Politics, Karunanidhi turns 94 today      'CBI fear' driving officers away, Kejriwal may hire outsiders to run CMO      ISIS failed in India despite large Muslim population: Rajnath      Two jawans killed as militants attack Army convoy in J-K      No special arrangements for my visits, Adityanath tells officials      'Trump's climate claims on China, India false'      Dual Battle for India: Pakistan on field, controversy off it      Maneka Gandhi to be operated for gallstones in AIIMS      India squander lead; lose 1-2 to Belgium      CBI busts transfer racket at Army headquarters, arrests two      NIA raids in Kashmir, Delhi, Haryana over terror funding      Ceasefire violation in 2 sectors in Poonch, woman injured     Next Story Textile industry welcomes 5% GST Read more >> You are here: Home » Business » Big US firms stay on White House panel despite climate jolt Big US firms stay on White House panel despite climate jolt Reuters, Washington, Jun 3 2017, 22:26 IST US President Donald Trump announces his decision that the US will withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement, in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington. Reuters Several major US companies, including WalMart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump’s withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. “Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world,” Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs’ criticism of the US withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest US retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was “disappointed in today’s news about the Paris Agreement. We think it’s important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.” IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. “IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world,” a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump’s decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump’s business group. “I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment,” Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is “disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table.” Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump’s manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added, “Industry must now lead and not depend on government.” Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal “a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people.” Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration’s efforts to boost US economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for US goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. “If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption.” The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have “a statistically insignificant impact on the environment.” “If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,” she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group. Blackrock Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump’s business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co’s new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump’s immigration policies. Email this page Print this page Tweet Go to Top Videos Wal-Mart tests new delivery program Euro zone manufacturing continues to surge Bank of England faces strike action over pay Uber fires self-driving car chief Higher pay in May, or some other day? RBS gets a week to end investor suit or face trial New civil suit facing Fiat Chrysler UK business sounds alert on election pledges China-Hong Kong bridge to unity, or tentacle of Beijing control? Videos more Militants stage deadly terror attack in London BSF soldiers hail 'Men in Blue' by performing Bhangra Police chief confirms nine deaths - including three attackers in London attack Congress protests against Indo-Pak match, burns Pakistan flag Bhanwari Devi murder case: Accused Indira Bishnoi arrested Coast Guard rescues 31 personnel off sinking barge Thieves loot Rs. 4 lakh meant for marriage Police arrests 5, seizes Rs 1.15 crore demonetised currency Real Madrid win a record 12th European Cup with a 4-1 win over Juventus Surfing legend, wetsuit pioneer Jack O'Neill dies at 94 Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.IIT-M student attacked after participating in 'beef feast' 2.Rajasthan HC wants cow to be declared national animal 3.I am reading Upanishads, Gita to take on RSS, BJP: Rahul 4.Sooraj undergoes eye surgery, friends say protests planned 5.When the coast is compromised 1.Bikes used for wheelies could be junked, warn cops 2.Playing peekaboo with the past 3.Music and dance reviews 4.Airport train, beyond Metro 5.Grand old man of Indian Politics, Karunanidhi turns 94 today 1. Airport train, beyond Metro 2. 7 killed, 48 injured as terror attacks strike heart of London 3. India outclass Pakistan 4. Are you on Twitter? US Journalist asks Modi, gets trolled on social media 5. 5-year-old girl in shock after brutal sex assault Photo Gallery Indian cricketers watch Pakistan's Shoaib Malik leave the field after he was dismissed by Ravindra . India's Ravindra Jadeja, celebrates the dismissal of Pakistan's Azhar Ali during the ICC Champions Teammates congratulate India's Ravindra Jadeja, third left, for taking a catch to dismiss Pakistan's Pakistan's Shadab Khan celebrates with captain Sarfraz Ahmed... Indian cricket captain Virat Kohli, left, and Rohit Sharma... India's Shikhar Dhawan, right, and Rohit Sharma... Pakistan's Wahab Riaz bowls during the ICC Champions Trophy... India captain Virat Kohli waits to lead his team... Police officers stand by a cordoned-off staircase in San Carlo Square in Turin, Italy... Priests and devotees offer prayers at Har ki Paidi... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright 2017, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523 Powered by Yodasoft Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Continue to site >> Action Alerts PLUS Access AAP Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Real Money Access RM 25 Rules of Investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Cramer Mad Money ETFs Futures Markets Much More Banks Biotech Retail Tech Personal Finance Retirement Financial Advisor Center How to Spend Options Fixed Income Video DJIA NASDAQ S&P 500 Market Data updated Sign In Your Membership(s) Your Account Account Preferences Alerts Newsletters Subscribe Logout Subscribe Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you. Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club Compare All Walmart Workers to Executives: We Can't Pay Our Bills Lindsay Rittenhouse Jun 3, 2017 3:40 PM EDT At Walmart's (WMT) annual shareholders meeting on Friday, some employees took the stage to voice their grievances against the company about pay and advancement. "Today, I make over $10 an hour, and I appreciate that Walmart took this small step, but still too many of us are part-time, too many of us can't plan our lives or find the time to line up a second job or pay our bills," a three-year Walmart associate from North Carolina said at the meeting. The associate argued that many employees who work part-time wish to increase their hours and advance their career at Walmart with a full-time position, but the company instead hires more part-time workers. She urged Walmart to disclose the percentage of workers who are employed full-time and part-time broken down by race, gender and ethnicity "to embrace fairness." Walmart's 2017 shareholder's meeting. A Walmart spokesman said hourly full-time associates can earn as much as $24.70 an hour and on average full-time employees make $13.70 an hour. He said the company's "Open Shifts" program also allows part-time workers to view and pick up extra, empty shifts to gain more hours. Since 2014, Walmart has made various notable changes to how it treats its employees, after years of complaints. In 2015, the company introduced a $2.7 billion, two-year investment in its associates, raising its minimum wage initially to $9 an hour and then to $10 in 2016. Components of the program included bonuses, raises for 1.2 million employees and a training program that teaches fundamental retail skills, such as which items turn a profit, under which Walmart said it will graduate 225,000 associates from this year alone. "Hundreds of thousands of associates have taken advantage of new opportunities to advance their career as a result of our $2.7 billion investment in training, education and higher pay," a Walmart spokesman said earlier today. He claimed that Walmart's workforce is primarily comprised of full-time positions, adding: "Just last year, we converted more than 150,000 associates from part-time to full-time in Walmart U.S. alone." Amy Ritter, who said she advocates for Walmart workers through the group, Making Change at Walmart (MCAW), also spoke at the meeting, stating that all employees deserve better pay and "a better life." In an interview with TheStreet ahead of the meeting, Ritter said U.S. taxpayers pay $6.2 billion a year to cover government assistance costs, like welfare, for Walmart employees who can't afford to live on what the company pays them. She said some still make as little as $9 an hour. Shares of Walmart closed slightly down to $79.62. Click here for the latest business headlines. Read More Trending Articles: Why We Might Not See Another Nasty Recession Until 2024 Pizza Hut Says It Will Soon Start Doing Something That Blows Everyone Away Biotech Movers: Synergy Pharmaceuticals Explodes 15%, and Bluebird Bio May Be Next Jim Cramer -- Canada Goose and Workday Are Killing It, and Critics Have Now Stopped Laughing Editors' pick: Originally published June 2. If you liked this article you might like Future of Walmart Looks Like It Will Include Making Life Hell for Hated Rival Amazon Game on for Walmart. Brian Sozzi Jun 4, 2017 8:00 PM EDT This Chart Perfectly Shows How Amazon Is Absolutely Embarrassing Every Single Retailer Alive Amazon is crushing it. Brian Sozzi Jun 4, 2017 2:40 PM EDT Walmart Can Make Amazon Look Bad Like in wrestling, Walmart can turn into the good guy. Ed Ponsi Jun 4, 2017 2:00 PM EDT Walmart Just Revealed These Crazy Futuristic Things It's Testing to Pummel Amazon It's clear Walmart is planning for the future. Lindsay Rittenhouse Jun 4, 2017 1:30 PM EDT Trending 22 Large Retailers Besides J.C. Penney Are Closing Waves of Stores U.S. Stock Futures Tumble After London Terrorist Attack 10 Cool Features We'll Likely See on the $1,000 Apple iPhone Sense8, The Get Down and 5 Other Canceled Netflix Originals This Revolution Could Send Goodyear Tire's Stock Surging More Than 50%, Says Analyst Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
CLOSE ADVERTISEMENT Science / Technology News Forums Not a Topix user yet? Sign Up Forgot Your Password? Back to login Sections All Topix Top Stories Forums User Forums Business Tech Sports Entertainment US News Weird News Offbeat Stars! Topix › Science / Technology › Wal-Mart reassures employees as it to... Wal-Mart reassures employees as it touts tech investments Next Story Prev Story Friday Read more: Channelnewsasia.com Wal-Mart Stores Inc executives on Friday reassured workers they remained integral to the company's success as they highlighted investments in online sales and other technology to compete with rivals like Amazon.com Inc. FILE PHOTO - A Walmart store is seen in Encinitas, California, U.S. on April 13, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo FAYETTEVILLE, Ark.: Wal-Mart Stores Inc executives on Friday reassured workers they remained integral to the company's success as they highlighted investments in online sales and other technology to compete with rivals like Amazon.com Inc . Start the conversation, or Read more at Channelnewsasia.com. Leave a Comment Track Replies Comments Add your comments below Enter Comments Characters left: 4000 You are currently logged in as . Not ? Enter Username Enter Numbers Please note by submitting this form you acknowledge that you have read the Terms of Service and the comment you are posting is in compliance with such terms. Be polite. Inappropriate posts may be removed by the moderator. Send us your feedback. Science / Technology Discussions Title Updated Last By Comments "Science vs. Religion: What Scientists Really T... (Jan '12) 1 min Subduction Zone 71,841 COSI's first 10 years in its new digs haven't g... (Nov '09) Sat Barry Jizzle 127 Uncover Threats in SSL Traffic: The Ultimate Gu... Sat stupidform 1 Students hack into school system, change grades (Apr '07) Sat Mary 724 Prince Andrew opens new world-class research fa... Jun 2 Daisy 1 Is Time An Illusion? (May '10) Jun 2 VetnorsGate 14,171 Vector Injection is worth the drive to Acton Jun 1 MoldyMasters 1 See all Science / Technology Discussions Find what you want! Search Science / Technology Forum Now Trending Now Syria North Korea Supreme Court Health Care China Microsoft Climate Change Tiger Woods Tornado U.S. Open Science / Technology News Science / Technology News California programs to entice would-be teachers... Rumor claims Apple's MacBook Air line is dead Here are the top 5 most popular VR headsets - a... Parker: Trump's accidental call to action 'Will Robots Take My Job?' Is the Website That ... Apple is said to be prepping a Siri speaker in ... Gwynne Dyer: Robot takeover? Rancho Santa Fe slaying 'savage and brutal' pro... SpaceX tries again to launch 1st recycled suppl... Duffy the rough collie can't catch balls Marketing Growth Hacks for the 'Fake News' Era Stars to shine at Wroughton's Science Museum More Science / Technology News from Topix » More from around the web   Baltimore, MD News Forums & Polls Real-Time News Crime Dating Jobs Local Politics Obituaries Real Estate Yellow Pages Explore More Topix US News US Cities List World News World Countries List Celebrities Business Finance Autos Sports Sci-Tech Electronics Entertainment Movies Music Television Health Arts & Life Food Travel Site Map / All Topics About Topix RSS Newsfeeds Law Enforcement School Officials About Us Jobs FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Report Abuse? Feedback? Comments made yesterday: 20,372 • Total comments across all topics: 281,521,219 Copyright © 2017 Topix LLC • Flag inappropriate postPost has been flagged for review • Send feedback • Cancel Change location Baltimore, MD Enter city, state or zip International users, click here. Be in the know! Notify me when there are new discussions. Thanks for your comment! Enter your email to get updates on this discussion. Don't show me this message again today. Thanks for kicking off the conversation! Enter your email to get updates when people reply. Thanks for your comment! Share your thoughts with the world Share on Facebook Now Don't show me this message again today.
BERMUDA | Monday June 5, 2017 Subscription RSS Mobile AC35 News Business Sport Lifestyle Opinion Classifieds Jobs Obituaries #ourAC Tall Ships Commission of Inquiry Court Crime Education Environment Health Labour Politics Tourism Same-Sex Referendum Weather News Follow It Live Year In Review Bermuda Stock Exchange Bermuda Works Economy International Business Local Business Personal Finance Re-Insurance Technology Basketball Cricket Football Golf Olympic Games Running/Triathlon Sailing Swimming Tennis/Squash Track & Field Follow It Live Arts & Entertainment CableVision TV Listings Wow TV Listings Fashion Food & Wine Gentlemen's Corner Home & Away Parenting Religion Wellness Young Observer Editorials Letters to the Editor Opinion Writers Political Cartoons Artemis Racing Emirates Team New Zealand Endeavour General Information Land Rover BAR Oracle Team USA Red Bull Youth Team SoftBank Team Japan Groupama Team France Vanguard is actually good at what it does Barry Ritholtz, Bloomberg View Published Jun 3, 2017 at 8:00 am (Updated Jun 2, 2017 at 7:38 pm) Make text smaller Make text larger Vanguard Group founder Jack Bogle Related Stories Investing in water  salt and fresh An emergency fund is vital, so dont skip it Embracing adult life after graduation Money tips that all students should bear in mind Cautionary tale of Puerto Rico bonds Unless we are constantly vigilant, too many things in print pass without comment and are accepted as true. And so it is with a weary heart that I am compelled to offer a counterpoint to a recent argument that takes issue with Vanguard Groups business model. Before we get into the details, a few disclosures: I am a fan of low-cost investing. The Vanguard Effect has been called by my Bloomberg Intelligence colleague Eric Balchunas, a private-sector wealth-transfer machine that has saved average investors $1 trillion. I personally own a variety of Vanguard funds, as do my clients. I like Vanguard a lot. The company, with about $4 trillion under management, certainly doesnt really need me to defend it; its success speaks volumes. However, the article, Vanguards irritating perch on the high moral ground, does raise issues that deserve a response, starting with: if being a non-profit is so good in the asset management industry, then why dont we see it elsewhere? Lets note that Vanguard isnt a non-profit  it is mutually owned by its investors. In a mutual, instead of dividends that come out of profits, money is returned to investors in the form of reduced costs for services. It is an extremely tax-efficient arrangement. You see the mutual structure in lots of places  primarily insurers, which have used it for centuries, but also in savings and loan associations, in banking trusts, community banks as well as credit unions. Lets consider another statement: the US is allegedly a capitalist country, so, you see, this is what grinds peoples gears about the whole movement in low-cost, passive-style index funds and why people go around equating them to communism. Clients may be better served if the financial services industry adopts a non-profit business model. This is perplexing. Vanguard has offered price-based incentives that financial-services consumers have responded to. What could be more capitalistic than that? The technology and consumer industries have seen continuous price pressure. As those sectors and products have matured, and as economies of scale have come into play, prices have fallen. Flat-panel televisions, smartphones, computers, automobiles, washing machines all deliver far more capability today at lower costs than just a few years ago. Why shouldnt financial services be subject to the exact same market pressures? What could be more capitalistic than products competing in the marketplace for customers on quality and price? Quasi-capitalists seem to dislike competition; to me, complaining about price competition sounds more like communism. Other assertions are simply based on a lack of information: Id bet that the salaries of key employees (like the manager of the $250 billion flagship Vanguard 500 Index Fund) are actually quite high, relatively speaking. You would lose that wager. Vanguard is notoriously cheap  its executives fly coach. Employees are typically paid less than at other financial firms, on or off Wall Street. True, its executives are paid well by most measures of compensation in America, but they are paid much less than their peers at other similar financial-services firms that often grant stock options that can be worth hundreds of millions of dollars in a few years. Incentivising executives to focus on short-term stock price is not how Vanguard rolls. According to Bloomberg News, a key aspect of Vanguards executive pay is a deferred compensation programme. Set up by founder John Bogle in 1983 to keep management focused on the long-term, it is hard to argue it hasnt worked. Then, the article makes light of just what Vanguard has managed to accomplish: there isnt anything really unusual about Vanguard. If youve ever taken a business strategy course, its just a low-cost producer, no different than Wal-Mart in retail or Hyundai in autos or Old Navy in apparel. This may be the most profound error of all. To minimise the revolution that Wal-Mart Stores has wrought in retailing is just breathtaking. Who would argue that millions of American consumers would be better off paying high prices for a limited selection of goods at the mom-and-pop shops that dominated so much of the industry before Wal-Mart? And if it were so easy to do, where is the competition that out-Vanguards Vanguard and takes a big chunk of its market share? After all, its just a low-cost provider, right? The same could be said of Wal-Mart. And yet, none of that has happened. If you are wondering why, it is because there are a lot more moving parts to Vanguard  and Wal-Mart  than meets the eye of the casual observer. Providing the lowest cost is more than structure; it is also about execution, logistics and corporate culture. To make the above statement requires one to ignore the intensity of the competition, and just how smart and hard-working the people there are. If anyone could just drop prices and capture market share, it should have happened already. And last is this odd statement: whats irritating about Vanguard is not its corporate strategy, but its occupation of the moral high ground. Vanguard is successful because it offers, or is perceived to offer, a better product at a lower price. Lets respond by turning this one around. What is the moral quotient of companies that sell complex, overpriced financial products that mostly underperform their benchmarks? Not all financial companies do this, but enough of them do that Vanguard doesnt have to make much of an effort to claim the moral high ground. Its customers have mostly put it there of their own free will. As for Vanguards competitors, they have no one to blame but themselves. Failing to see that is a fundamental misunderstanding of what makes Vanguard so successful. Barry Ritholtz is a Bloomberg View columnist. He founded Ritholtz Wealth Management and was chief executive and director of equity research at FusionIQ, a quantitative research firm. He blogs at the Big Picture and is the author of Bailout Nation: How Greed and Easy Money Corrupted Wall Street and Shook the World Economy Make text smaller Make text larger Comments You must be registered or signed-in to post comment or to vote. Published Jun 3, 2017 at 8:00 am (Updated Jun 2, 2017 at 7:38 pm) Vanguard is actually good at what it does What you Need to Know 1. For a smooth experience with our commenting system we recommend that you use Internet Explorer 10 or higher, Firefox or Chrome Browsers. Additionally please clear both your browser's cache and cookies - How do I clear my cache and cookies? 2. Please respect the use of this community forum and its users. 3. Any poster that insults, threatens or verbally abuses another member, uses defamatory language, or deliberately disrupts discussions will be banned. 4. Users who violate the Terms of Service or any commenting rules will be banned. 5. Please stay on topic. "Trolling" to incite emotional responses and disrupt conversations will be deleted. 6. To understand further what is and isn't allowed and the actions we may take, please read our Terms of Service 7. To report breaches of the Terms of Service use the flag icon Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Click here for detailed forecast 72 F Mostly Cloudy Most Popular Today Yesterday Most Commented 06/04/2017 Boat collision update: arrested man released 06/04/2017 At least two hurt in East End fight 06/04/2017 Challenger Play-off semi-finals take centre stage 06/04/2017 Motocross rider treated after accident The week's most discussed stories Your browser must support JavaScript to view this content. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings then try again. Events calendar powered by Trumba Take Our Poll Do you find it inappropriate and/or offensive for members of the LGBTQ community to be referred to as "freaks"? Yes 82% No 13% Indifferent 5% Total Votes: 5296 Poll Archive Today's Obituaries View all Obituaries Place an obituary AC35 News Business Sports Lifestyle Comment Features Classifieds Jobs Obituaries Weather Calendar Newsrack Newspaper Services: About Us Contact Us Subscribe Electronic Edition Advertise Online Services: Registration RSS Feeds Email Alerts Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Contact Us Advertise Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy © Copyright 2016 royalgazette.com. All rights reserved.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, June 04, 2017, 11:20 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / News / Arkansas / Wal-Mart pilot programs tracks food By Robbie Neiswanger This article was originally published June 3, 2017 at 1:01 a.m. Updated June 3, 2017 at 1:01 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Frank Yiannas, Wal-Mart's vice president of food safety, said the company has recently wrapped up its pilot program using blockchain technology to track the way food moves through the supply chain. A blockchain is a digital, distributed ledger used to record transactions securely. Wal-Mart partnered with IBM to develop ledgers to track mangos in the U.S. and pork in China as part of the pilot program. With the blockchain ledgers, the time to track a product's trip through each step of the supply chain was trimmed from days to seconds, according to a demonstration Thursday. Wal-Mart believes the ledger could be beneficial in a number of ways, helping to improve efficiency and reduce the risk of fraud in the food supply chain. "We're pretty excited about it and so is the leadership of Wal-Mart," Yiannas said. "We're contacting other stakeholders and other retailers ... to ask them to join us on this food traceability, solution journey. Our intentions are to scale it." MORE FOR WORKERS Wal-Mart shone the spotlight on its employees during shareholders week, saying the company's success wouldn't be possible without its 2.3 million workers worldwide. But some U.S. employees, with the backing of labor groups, believe the company should be doing more to support them. Making Change at Walmart, a campaign funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union, spent the week in Northwest Arkansas urging the retailer to improve its treatment of workers. Representatives have participated in a bus tour that has traveled the country since May 15 and arrived in Northwest Arkansas this week. The group has highlighted Anthony Leal, a full-time employee, as part of its campaign. Leal has been with the company five years and earns $11.53 an hour, according to a news release. "Wal-Mart claims the 'average wage' for full time hourly employees is $13.75, yet the real stories of workers around the country show that many of them, like Anthony, are paid so little that they rely on government assistance programs to survive," according to a press release from the campaign. MUSIC IN ADVERTISING Wal-Mart believes incorporating music into its advertising campaign has been successful with consumers. "We've made a conscious decision to really invest in the brand, build for the long term and try to use our advertising to build deep emotional relationship with the customer," U.S. chief marketing officer Tony Rogers said. "If I show you an ad, it fills up the screen. But when you hear it, music fills the whole room." Some of the songs Wal-Mart has incorporated into recent advertisements that have appeared on both television and across digital platforms include Dream On by Aerosmith, My House by Flo Rida, and All I Do Is Win by DJ Khaled. Rogers said the response by customers to the campaign has been positive over the past year so the efforts will continue. "We'll build this over the coming months and years," Rogers said. "We're excited for the first time in a long time we've got a type, style, approach, that is unique to us." BRIGHT SHOES Wal-Mart anticipates selling $25 million worth of flashlight sneakers -- shoes which have LED lights wrapped around the soles -- this year, according to chief marketing officer Steve Bratspies. Bratspies showed off the shoes during the meeting with U.S employees Wednesday. The company also showcased them during a media preview of products Thursday. "It's a huge trend we're betting on this year," Bratspies said. NW News on 06/03/2017 Print Headline: Wal-Mart pilot programs tracks food Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More NWAnews Public meetings Divorces Records Origin of fire at burger joint still unclear Wal-Mart pilot programs tracks food Band leader gets 5 years for sex assault of s... Rogers' Lake Atalanta Park trails, playground... Portion of Mount Hebron Road to close Records More NWAnews stories > Comments on: Wal-Mart pilot programs tracks food To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 'Executive privilege' to quiet Comey called an option (29 comments) Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (31 comments) 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack (6 comments) Pulled from reality (4 comments) 2 leaders affirm climate pledges (2 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (35 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, June 04, 2017, 11:20 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Shareholders hear strategy of 'new Wal-Mart' CEO McMillon outlines retail chain’s ‘people-led, tech-empowered’ action plan By Robbie Neiswanger This article was originally published June 3, 2017 at 3:27 a.m. Updated June 3, 2017 at 4:30 a.m. PHOTO BY JASON IVESTER Wal-Mart President and Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon told shareholders Friday that the company’s network of stores, distribution centers and e-commerce sites will be a winning strategy against the likes of Amazon.com. Comment (1) aAFont Size Country music star and television personality Blake Shelton served as host at Wal-Mart’s shareholders event Friday. Other performers included Shelton’... Musical artist Gwen Stefani performs Friday during the Wal-Mart Shareholders Meeting at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville. Click here for larger versions Photos by Jason Ivester FAYETTEVILLE -- Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is reinventing itself to keep pace with the changes in retail, and President and Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon believes that the company's technological capabilities, network of stores and efforts to better train and compensate its workforce have it uniquely positioned for success. McMillon laid out what he described as the "new Wal-Mart" during the retailer's annual shareholders event, held at Bud Walton Arena on the University of Arkansas, Fayetteville campus Friday morning. He told the crowd of about 14,000 -- including employees from around the world, members of the Walton family, board members and shareholders -- that Wal-Mart's hefty investments in e-commerce and technology have been vital to its reinvention. McMillon stressed technology isn't the answer to everything, indicating the company's success also will rely on its workers as Wal-Mart continues to battle other retailers for customers and sales. "We will compete with technology but win with people," McMillon said. "We will be people-led and tech-empowered. We will win because we are purpose-driven, with clear and meaningful values and an effective and resilient culture. It will be our humanity that drives our creativity, powers our competitive spirit and keeps us out in front." [VIDEO: Click here to watch full shareholders meeting in larger version] McMillon's address was one of the final segments of the three-hour meeting, which blends business and entertainment each year. The event was no exception with country music star and television personality Blake Shelton serving as celebrity host. Gwen Stefani, Shelton's girlfriend, performed along with The Band Perry, Ne-Yo, Rachel Platten and Mary J. Blige. Wal-Mart's primary emphasis during its pep rally was recounting the steps it has taken to prepare for what board Chairman Greg Penner described as the "tectonic changes in retail." Penner opened the morning by pointing to headlines referring to the current climate as the "retail apocalypse" with other traditional brick-and-mortar companies closing stores, laying off employees and struggling to drive traffic and sales because of the rise of online competitors like Amazon.com. Penner said Wal-Mart has positioned itself for success because of a number of decisions, including its $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com, e-commerce expansion and an emphasis on technology designed to both help workers do their jobs better and improve the shopping options for customers. The results have shown in the company's recent financial performances. Wal-Mart reported a 1.4 percent increase in U.S. same-store sales for the first quarter of the fiscal year, the 11th-straight quarter of growth. Traffic also increased for the 10th-straight quarter. At the same time, Wal-Mart reported a 63 percent growth in its U.S. e-commerce sales. "Our business is moving in the right direction," Penner said. "The changes we made -- big and small -- are starting to pay off. But there's still a long way to go. This is no time to be timid. We have to continue swimming upstream." Wal-Mart remains confident that the ability to blend its network of stores, distribution centers and e-commerce sites will be a winning strategy against the likes of Amazon.com. McMillon and other executives highlighted some of the initiatives that have been adopted, introduced and tested by the retailer to accomplish it, including Thursday's announcement of a pilot program in which employees can earn extra money by volunteering to deliver packages to customers on their way home from work. The delivery test is being conducted in three stores -- including an unspecified location in Northwest Arkansas -- and is voluntary for workers. McMillon said Wal-Mart will move slowly with the test, but executives are optimistic it will help speed the delivery time for items in those areas and help cut typically expensive final-mile costs. "Just imagine associates all over the world delivering on the way home from work," said Marc Lore, the Wal-Mart U.S. e-commerce chief. "This could be a real game-changer." Wal-Mart also revealed it has recently started testing a 24-hour automated grocery pickup facility in Warr Acres, Okla. The self-service test will let customers place orders online, drive to the facility and pick them up at an unmanned, drive-up kiosk. Orders are collected in 60 seconds or less. Wal-Mart also continues to roll out its curbside grocery pickup service with plans to expand it to 1,100 stores by the end of the year. The company offers free two-day shipping on online orders totaling $35 or more and is giving customer an opportunity to earn discounts on online products if they choose to pick them up at one of the retailer's 4,700 stores. "The historic trade-off between price and service doesn't really exist anymore," McMillon said. "We're creating a better shopping experience for customers and a better working experience for ourselves as we strive to serve them." Some still believe Wal-Mart still has a lot of ground to make up to close the gap with Amazon. "Wal-Mart is experimenting and trying to leverage its physical resources," said Annibal Sodero, an associate professor at the Sam M. Walton College of Business at the University of Arkansas. "But the only way for them to remain relevant will be to deploy a true omnichannel strategy across its entire supply chain to become more efficient and effective. They know that. They got that. They are just not there yet and they are losing the battle in both fronts." Throughout shareholders week, Wal-Mart executives took time to reassure workers they remain an integral part of the company's equation, and McMillon continued to do so Friday. The company is coming off a two-year, $2.7 billion commitment for wages and training for its employees and believes those efforts have made a difference in creating more efficient stores. In addition, executives continued to highlight a number of technological improvements that have been designed to empower workers as they serve customers. McMillon encouraged employees to be "lifelong learners" as the company continues to lean on its workforce. He also highlighted a handful of workers who have excelled at their jobs, including a store manager in Canada who was informed by the company's CEO that he had received the promotion he had been seeking. But McMillon said later Friday during a question-and-answer session with the media that it's possible the company has reached its peak with about 1.5 million U.S. workers. McMillon said there may be fewer employees over time -- many through attrition in stores -- as the company learns how to be more productive with the help of technology. Those jobs could become better-paying positions, though, that involve technology in a variety of ways. "The shape, the composition of our team may change," McMillon said. "I think that's to be determined." Still, McMillon sees Wal-Mart as a "ladder of opportunity" for employees and said they'll remain critical to the company as it begins to "invent the future of shopping again." "This is our moment," McMillon told employees during the shareholders meeting. "Our plan to win is clear and it'll be you who will make the difference. But it's always been that way. Our people make the difference." A Section on 06/03/2017 Print Headline: Shareholders hear strategy of 'new Wal-Mart' Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Business news in brief On the agenda NW BUSINESS PEOPLE INCORPORATIONS Shareholders hear strategy of 'new Wal-Mart' Job gains slack off for May N.Y. says Exxon climate costs faked New bill adds tax on sales to Cuba Proposals fail at Wal-Mart event More Business stories > Comment on: Shareholders hear strategy of 'new Wal-Mart' To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. Displaying 1 - 1 of 1 total comment Kharma says... June 4, 2017 at 7:43 a.m. So WMT employees delivering packages on their way home is good how? Wait until they start getting into wrecks before delivery and, since they would be on official WMT business, subject WMT to myriad of lawsuits. Stupid! ( permalink | suggest removal ) page 1 To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 'Executive privilege' to quiet Comey called an option (29 comments) Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (31 comments) 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack (6 comments) Pulled from reality (4 comments) 2 leaders affirm climate pledges (2 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (35 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Take Dollar General Offers Great Bang for the Buck The retailer’s strong quarterly results are propelling shares higher. Why investors are still getting a good deal. By Teresa Rivas Biography June 1, 2017 4:38 p.m. ET Dollar General’s products can be bought on the cheap, so too can the discount retailer’s stock. Thursday morning, Dollar General (ticker: DG) reported better-than-expected first-quarter earnings: The discount retailer said it earned $1.03 a share on revenue that rose 6.5% year over year to $5.61 billion. Analysts were looking for earnings of one dollar (no kidding) a share on revenue of $5.59 billion. Dollar General now... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. The Surprising Threat to the American Economy Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 6 Dividend Stocks That Hedge Against Inflation Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. The Winners: Alphabet, Apple, and Amazon.com Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. AI Opens New Doors for Chip Makers, Investors Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Jason Trennert: Trump Trade “Underpriced” Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 ​Where Do Americans Spend Their Tax Refunds?​ 2 Barron's Buzz: The 'Wonder Woman' Trade 3 Should You Buy Bitcoin? Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Print   Email   Font Resize Community News Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- June 3 - June 6 Posted:   06/02/2017 10:31:24 PM MDT Today, June 3 Recycling Collection — 8 to 11 a.m., southeast corner of Walmart parking lot. Collection includes: Plastic #1, plastic #2 natural (milk cartons), plastic #2 colored (detergent bottles, shampoo, etc.) and both aluminum and tin cans. No glass. Fishing is Fun Day — 9 a.m. to noon, Overland Trail Recreation Area Fishing Pond. Colorado Parks and Wildlife demonstrations, city of Sterling Parks, Library and Recreation, Santas of Sterling, Boy Scouts teaching that fishing is fun! Fishing contests, games and prizes. Lunch is free for children 18 and under, adult meals for $3. Family Fun Saturday — 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., Overland Trail Museum. Theme: 'Traveling the Trail.' See what planning went into the long journey on the trail. Free for ages 12 and under accompanied by an adult, $3 admission for adults. Information: 970-522-3895. Fleming Volleyball Golf Tournament — 9 a.m. shot gun start, F&H Golf Course, 43355 C.R. 30, Haxtun. Two Person Best Ball Scramble. Cost $50 per person to include: Green fees, lunch, and a chance to win various prizes. (Cart rental available). Registration deadline is noon, May 31. For more information, to be a sponsor, or to register: Doug Kamery 970-466-2119 or Connie Wilkening 970-520-7890. Advertisement Light of the Plains Christian Motorcycle Association — 9 a.m., Logan County Chamber of Commerce, 109 N. Front St. Narcotics Anonymous — 1:30 p.m., First Christian Church. Information: 970-520-1474. Heritage Center Dance Group — 6:30 to 10 p.m. FM Country. Cost is $7. Everyone is welcome. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 9 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Sunday, June 4 Zion Congregational Church Soup Kitchen — 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m., 5th Street and Chestnut. Come to the back door and down the stairs. Free. Meals served to anyone who is hungry and in need of a hot meal. Monday, June 5 SilverSneakers Yoga — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Cards and Pool, Pinochle — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. Build a Better Monday...Environment — 2 p.m., Sterling Public Library. Circle of Parents in Recovery Group — 5 to 6 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Free childcare is provided. No enrollment requirement, join at any time. Informa-tion: cleanslatemngr@frcsterling.org, 970-520-2939 or www.facebook.com/logancleanslate. RE-1 Valley School Board Candidate Workshop — 6 p.m., Hagen Administration Center. Individuals interested in running for election to the school board are encouraged to come. Clean Slate Recovery Group — 6:30 to 7:30 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Open to anyone struggling with addiction. Information: Christie Orozco 970-526-6500, 970-520-2939 or csrecovery1028@gmail.com, Facebook or Twitter. TOPS: Take Off Pounds Sensibly — 7 p.m., VFW Hall, 803 Phelps St., 522-8396. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 7:30 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Tuesday, June 6 Quarterly Blood Screening — 7 to 9 am., Christ United Methodist Church, 4th and Main St. The following blood work is offered: lipid profile with glucose $25; homocysteine $30; high sensitivity c-reactive protein $15; hemoglobin A1c $15; prostate specific antigen (PSA) $25; Vitamin D $45; or chemistry panel $35. A 12-hour fast is required for the lipid and chemistry panels. Drink plenty of water during the fast to keep your body hydrated which aids in drawing your blood. No appointment necessary. Question, call 521-3260. Logan County Commission Meeting — 9 a.m., Courthouse, 2nd floor meeting room. Baby Story Time — 9:30 to 10 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages newborn to 18 months, with an adult. SilverSneakers Classic — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Little Readers — 10:30 to 11:15 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages 3 to 5. Quilting Class — 1:30 p.m., Heritage Center. Art Challenge (Art in Our Environment) — 2 p.m., Sterling Public Library. For ages 10-15. Space is limited; registration required, call 970-522-2023 to sign up. Bring an old t-shirt to recycle into a tote bag. VFW Auxiliary — 2:30 p.m., Sterling VFW, 803 Phelps. Weight Watchers — 5:15 p.m., Broadway Plaza, Suite 14. Connie, 522-0231.¶ Under the Umbrella of LCC Meal — 5:30 to 6:30 p.m., Prince of Peace Church, 201 Phelps St. Anyone in need of a meal is welcome. Smart Girls and Guys Youth Club — 5:30 p.m., Family Resource Center. Alzheimer's Caregivers Meeting — 6 p.m., Sterling Public Library small meeting room. Questions: Marianne Harbart 970-388-3056. Twilight Tuesday Movies in the Park — 6:30 p.m., Wisdom Park. Wells Fargo Bank will be serving hamburgers and hot dogs. Movie starts at dusk. Knights of Columbus Bingo — 7 p.m., K of C Hall, 421 S. 11th Ave. Public welcome. Sterling Miniature Aircraft Association — 7 p.m., Sterling Aircraft Flying Field, corner of C.R. 38 and 39. Information: Philip Pollock 970-580-8803. Sterling Masonic Lodge Meeting — 7:30 p.m. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED Well-armed Woman meeting notes The Sterling Colorado Chapter of The Well Armed Woman held its monthly meeting on May 20 at Tri-State Tactical in Sterling.   Full Story   MORE RELATED HEADLINES Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- June 5 - June 7 Scholl Oil invests in future diesel techs   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Fight for JK House: Gloves are off as Singhanias brace for AGM bout Business Standard Wal-Mart, IBM oppose US exit from Paris deal, but will stay on WH panel Business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles Reuters  |  Washington  June 3, 2017 Last Updated at 09:12 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWPo0I A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest US retailer, said on Friday that the comapny will remain on the business council. (Photo: Reuters) ALSO READ How bad could Trump's Paris deal pull out be? A scientist's perspective 15th-century Chinese sailors have a lesson for Trump about climate policy Will the Paris Agreement still be able to deliver after the US withdrawal? Trump's move to withdraw from Paris accord cedes global leadership to China Time for China and Europe to lead, as Trump dumps the Paris climate deal Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Read More On Us Companies | Donald Trump | Trump Paris Deal | Climate Change | Trump Climate Change | Jp Morgan | Ibm | Walmart | Donald Trump Paris Agreement | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Wal-Mart, IBM oppose US exit from Paris deal, but will stay on WH panel Business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Wal-Mart, IBM oppose US exit from Paris deal, but will stay on WH panel Business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
WFTV Orlando LIVE http://www.wftv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WFTV Orlando SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wftv profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12384721 Home 12384770 News County by County National/World News 9 Investigates Action 9 CFL Spotlight Politics Watch Live Pulse Shooting Videos: 9 Facts 12384727 Weather 5 Day Forecast LIVE: Doppler 9 HD Local Maps Hour-by-Hour Eye on the Tropics Facts and Hacks Lifestyle Forecasts Weather Pics & Video 12384812 Traffic Traffic News I-4 Ultimate Project Pump Patrol 12384830 Sports High School Football Orlando Magic Orlando City Soccer College & Pro Sports 12384884 Videos 12384962 9 Family TV 27 Community Connection Science Center Weather Experience Cox Conserves Aging Parents 12385010 Home Experts Toyota of Orlando Toyota of Clermont Shop CFL Legal Headlines The Daily Two Automotive Buy/Sell 12384974 icFlorida Local Events Entertainment Movies Pets Theme Parks/Attractions Contests 12385052 ABOUT WFTV WFTV News Team WFTV Mobile Apps WFTV Listings TV 27 TV Listings WFTV.com Media Kit WFTV.com Member Help Jobs at WFTV/WRDQ Speakers Bureau Got a story or tip? More Deputies: Band of robbers storms Orange County Walmart, fires shots by: WFTV Web Staff Updated: Jun 2, 2017 - 11:39 PM ORANGE COUNTY, Fla. - A group of armed robbers stormed into a Walmart Neighborhood Market and fired shots early Friday in the Pine Hills neighborhood, the Orange County Sheriff's Office said. The incident was reported shortly after 12:15 a.m. at the store on Clarcona Ocoee Road and North Pine Hills Road. Deputies said the masked men barged into the store as employees were preparing to close for the night. A shot was fired at one point, but no one was injured, officials said. Read: Orange County sheriff says Pine Hills is safer following crime crackdown © 2017 Cox Media Group. © 2017 Cox Media Group. The men used a gun to force employees into a safe while a third suspect stood outside. Investigators said the group got away with money and fled in a dark-colored car. “They left with a large amount of money. There was a vehicle waiting for them outside and then they left the scene,” said Ingrid Tejada-Monforte of the Orange County Sheriff’s Office. Deputies found the getaway vehicle, but not the three men. Detectives said they're reviewing footage recorded by store surveillance cameras. They released some of the footage Friday afternoon with the hope that someone might recognize the gunmen. The masks make it difficult, but some parts of their faces and clothing can be seen in the video. “By us releasing the Crimeline with their photos, hopefully someone will be able to identify (the men),” said Tejada-Monforte. “Maybe they’re known in the area. Maybe someone can recognize their height, their features or what they were wearing.” Community leaders and residents plan to gather Friday for the second day of an anti-crime event during which they plan to brainstorm ways to prevent violence in the crime-plagued neighborhood. Watch: Summit seeks to thwart crime in Orange County's black communities © 2017 Cox Media Group. © 2017 Cox Media Group. "My mother won't even let me go outside (because of) all the drama that's going on," said Juvenal Andre, a youth group member who attended Thursday's start of the anti-crime event. "People are being killed and everything." Andre said things must change in communities like Pine Hills and Parramore. "I wouldn't like to see my little brother on the ground dead or anything," he said. Watch: 9 facts about Pine Hills A suspected diaper thief was shot and killed at the same Walmart earlier this year. A $1,000 reward  is available for information leading to an arrest in the Walmart robbery.   © 2017 Cox Media Group. © 2017 Cox Media Group. Deputies: Band of robbers storms Orange County Walmart, fires shots Sheriff: Volusia deputies investigating after shots fired at deputy in… London Bridge terror attacks: What we know Man accused of burning marijuana plants says he was piling them up for deputies Deputies: Man arrested after fleeing traffic stop, dragging deputy News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WFTV Weather Weather LIVE: Doppler 9 HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WFTV EEOC Statement WFTV Public File WRDQ Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Home News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military USO Warrior Week National Strange News Opioid Addiction International Politics On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Obituaries Livestreaming Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Work for Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com 72° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 89° F Lo: 65° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog 2 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military USO Warrior Week National Strange News Opioid Addiction International Politics On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Obituaries Livestreaming Latest Headlines Virginia Beach 7-Eleven on Diamond Spring Rd. robbed at gunpoint Updated: 16 mins ago Police are investigating an armed robbery of a 7-Eleven in 1900 block of Diamond Springs Road, Sunday evening. Community remembers Hampton man killed in triple shooting Updated: 33 mins ago Family and friends of a man shot and killed in a triple shooting in Hampton remembered his life on Sunday. Michael Vick brings elite youth showcase back home to Hampton Roads Updated: 26 mins ago Canadian man mows lawn with tornado behind him Updated: 53 mins ago Virginia ranks 15th in US in reported cases of human trafficking June 4, 2017 Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Current Conditions 72° F Scattered Clouds Feels Like: 72° F Wind: SSW 13 Humidity: 84% Dewpoint: 67° F Sunrise: 5:46 AM Sunset: 8:20 PM Hampton Roads Weather Forecast Radar Sponsored by: Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides Latest Headlines Curry, Durant lead Warriors to 2-0 lead with 132-113 rout Updated: 21 mins ago Steph Curry registered a triple-double, while Kevin Durant put up another monster night, leading the Warriors past the Cavaliers as the seri… Johnson extends track record with 11th win at Dover Updated: 26 mins ago Kyle Larson led Jimmie Johnson by three seconds with four laps left, until the final caution flag flew. Michael Vick brings elite youth showcase back home to Hampton Roads Updated: 33 mins ago NASCAR Monster Energy Cup-AAA 400 Drive for Autism Results Updated: 16 mins ago NASCAR Monster Energy Cup-AAA 400 Drive for Autism Results Updated: 16 mins ago HR Show HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Latest Headlines Live Music Friday: Romonta June 2, 2017 PORTSMOUTH, Va. (WAVY) – The smooth sounds of Romonta filled The Hampton Roads Show studio.  It’s always great to have him as our Live Music… The Funny Bone: Leonard Ouzts June 2, 2017 PORTSMOUTH, Va. (WAVY) – Comedian Leonard Ouzts is headlining at the Virginia Beach Funny Bone this weekend and he stopped by to goof off wi… Audience: Boardwalk Art Show June 2, 2017 In The Kitchen: Duck Donuts June 2, 2017 IAHR: Josh Hill June 1, 2017 Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Work for Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com Search for: Search the site 72° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 89° F Lo: 65° F Pursuit of stolen vehicle ends at Newport News Wal-Mart By Emily Satchell Published: June 2, 2017, 10:55 pm Updated: June 3, 2017, 12:32 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Photo courtesy WAVY viewer Cyndi Bradshaw Smith) NEWPORT NEWS, Va. (WAVY) — A police pursuit ended at a Wal-Mart in Newport News on Friday night. Virginia State Police say around 9:37 p.m, Newport News police officers were following a 2015 Ford Expedition, which was known to be stolen. Newport News police requested assistance from state police in stopping the vehicle. Troopers spotted the vehicle on I-64 west near Jefferson Avenue. A short pursuit ensued and the driver of the vehicle went to the Wal-Mart at 12401 Jefferson Avenue. State police say the driver, 20-year-old Oliver Copeland abandoned the vehicle and tried to run, but was apprehended. State Police charged Copeland with felony eluding, felony possession of stolen property, driving while suspended, possession of marijuana, and reckless driving. No one was injured and there was no damage to any vehicles. Copeland is being held in Newport News Jail without bond. Stay with WAVY.com for any updates on this developing story. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts 2 men, 4 juveniles charged in Newport News police chase Suspects in custody after police chase stolen car in Newport News Norfolk man accused of ramming trooper’s cruiser during pursuit Hampton Police recover car connected to missing mother and child Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WAVY.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WAVY-TV © 1998-2017 WAVY.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Traffic Sports Experts HR Show More Advertise Advertise with Us Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report WVBT EEO Report Children’s TV Report FCC Public File Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Stay Connected WAVY Weather App WAVY News App Email Alerts Text Alerts ReportIt Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix DFW CW33 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW33 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Eye Opener HomeBless Life CW Community Watch CW33 Contact Weather 73° 73° Low 68° High 86° Mon 70° 83° Tue 68° 90° Wed 67° 88° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Why Walmart may not be putting smiles on employees faces Posted 8:31 pm, June 2, 2017, by Shardae Neal Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video BENTONVILLE, AR -- You can probably find everything you need at Walmart but the employees might not be bagging the best benefits. The grocery giant is under fire for allegedly firing employees who take sick days even if they have a doctor's note. A Better Balance report claims the company also discriminates against pregnant workers, which is a direct violation of the disabilities and pregnancy discrimination act. Walmart is reportedly sacking the claims although over a thousand of their employees have come forward on the issues. But Wally World is rolling out something they hope would put a smile on their employees' faces and more money in their pockets. They're asking workers to deliver customers' packages on their way home. So imagine getting off the clock after eight hours but before you go home you have to stop at someone else's house first. Walmart hopes this new tactic will give them a leg up over Amazon Prime and other home delivery services. "We operate in a mode with very low expenses and that means innovation and efficiency," said Walmart's CEO Mike Duke. Filed in: NewsFix Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email HomeBless Life Laterras Whitfield is a man on a mission. A mission to bless the homeless in DFW and tell their stories. Popular 1000 acres of action: DFW’s newest attraction opens in Midlothian Teen hit and killed crossing I-20 in Grand Prairie Widow of slain Dallas police officer sues to keep video of husband’s death private 3 dead after shootout at Greenville car dealership Latest News Woman stays of church roof until she raises 150K lbs. of food donations Ariana visits her injured fans at Manchester hospital Bill Maher had the nerve to use the N-word on his show! Terror in London: 12 arrested, at least 7 killed in attacks National/World News Robots expected to take 38 percent of U.S. jobs by 2030s CW33 Your age is probably why you can’t get the job you want NewsFix Twitter’s getting fly with United Airlines over #LeggingGate NewsFix Hundreds of volunteers get wet & dirty to clean up the Trinity River Corridor Eye Opener Woman pepper sprays 🔥👀 Wendy’s workers over stale fries 👎🍟 National/World News GRAPHIC: Video shows grandmother dressed as a witch while abusing grandchild Dose of Reality NewsFix Dose of Reality: Mapping the lost loved ones of the opioid epidemic National/World News Man reportedly carrying woman’s head walks into grocery store, stabs worker National/World News Facebook murder suspect recognized at McDonald’s after ordering McNuggets; employee alerted police NewsFix It’s a boy! April the Giraffe FINALLY gives birth National/World News Target is testing next-day delivery National/World News Spirit Airlines Brawl: Massive fight breaks out between travelers, airline & police in Florida Health NewsFix Stem cells may offer hope for autism, study finds Mobile Apps CW33 Weather App for iPhone CW33 Weather App for iPad CW33 Weather App for Android NewsFix DFW App for iPhone NewsFix DFW App for Android Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 8001 John W. Carpenter Freeway Dallas, Texas 75247 • Copyright © 2017, KDAF • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Recent News VLCCs Demand Bound for Slowdown Just As Newbuilding Deliveries are Rising Shipping Money Makes The World Go Round… Asia Tankers-VLCC rates to hold steady ahead of possible rebound Ballast Water Treatment Systems: Check Your Charterparty Shipbuilders set to commence recovery in 2017 Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide, Online Daily Newspaper on Hellenic and International Shipping    Home Shipping News top stories Hellenic Shipping News International Shipping News Dry Bulk Market Piracy and Security News Shipping: Emission Possible Marine Insurance P&I Club News Port News Shipbuilding News Shipping Law News Interviews DNV GL Maritime Academy Hellas Events and Training Courses Recent Videos Mobile Applications and Social Media Commodities Commodity News Chinese iron ore and steelmaking prices Freight News Guide for Carriage of Hazardous Materials Ship Risk Profile Calculator Report / Analysis Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Weekly Container Reports Index Weekly Vessel Valuations Report Daily Tanker Market Rates Daily Tanker Fixtures Weekly Shipbrokers Reports Monthly Shipbrokers Reports Weekly Demolition Reports Weekly Ship Sales Weekly Shipbuilding Reports Marine Engine Specifications Shipping Glossary Oil & Energy Oil & Companies News General Energy News Bunker Prices Worldwide World Economy World Economy News IMF/OECD News Stock Market News Stock News Stock Market Snapshot Daily Currencies Ratings Hellenic Shipping Companies Live Hellenic Shipping Stocks Live International Shipping Stocks Live Commodity Trade Markets Home / Shipping News / International Shipping News / Shipping Money Makes The World Go Round… Shipping Money Makes The World Go Round… in International Shipping News 05/06/2017 The vast majority of the world’s trade in goods is moved by sea, and it has long been recognised how shipping is a critical element of the global economy, providing the connection between producers and consumers all over the planet. However, what is less frequently mentioned is the tremendous ‘value for money’ with which it does so; this is clearly worth a closer look… Bargain Of The Century? One US dollar doesn’t get you much in today’s world. On the basis of latest prices it would buy 0.025 grams of gold or 2% of a barrel of crude oil. Based on Walmart’s latest online pricing it would buy about half a litre of milk. That’s not a lot whichever way you look at it, in a world economy that is 75 trillion dollars large. But in shipping one dollar still gets you something very substantial. One way of looking at this is to take the movement of cargo in tonne-mile terms and divide it by the estimated value of the fleet. Here, to try to do this in like-for-like terms, the calculation includes crude and oil products, dry bulk, container and gas trade, and the ships that primarily carry those cargoes. On this basis, one dollar of ‘world fleet value’ at the start of May 2017 would have bought 110 tonne-miles in a year, based on 2017 trade projections. What an amazing bargain! One tonne of cargo moved more than 100 miles, per year, all for one little greenback! What’s In A Number? What drives this number? Well the essence of the value of course lies in the huge economies of scale generated by moving cargo by sea in vast quantities at one time over significant distances. The average haul of one tonne in the scope of the cargoes listed above is estimated at 5,016 miles and the average ship size at 58,706 dwt. Of course the amount of tonne-miles per dollar can vary over time, depending on changes in asset market conditions, the underlying cost and complexity of building ships and vessel productivity, speed and utilisation (rates of fleet and trade growth aren’t perfectly aligned most of the time). Across sectors the statistics can vary significantly too. Buy In Bulk One dollar of bulkcarrier and oil tanker tonnage accounts for 154 and 101 tonne-miles of trade per year respectively. For more complex, expensive ships the figure is lower: 20 for gas carriers. For boxships, despite their higher speed, the figure stands at 114. Vessel size (economies of scale in building) and cargo density (this analysis is in tonnes) play a role too in these relative statistics (which also don’t always capture the full range of cargo carried by each ship type). Value For All Time Nevertheless, whatever the precise numbers and changes over time, 110 tonne miles of trade each year for one dollar of asset expenditure just sounds like mighty good value at a time when a dollar doesn’t go very far. This underpins shipping’s ability to carry an estimated 84% of the world’s trade in tonnes and act as the glue holding the globalised economy together. Shipping’s famous volatility retains the ability to make and lose fortunes for asset players but the underlying economic contribution of each dollar invested may just be one of the greatest bargains of all time. Have a nice day. Source: Clarksons Tops 2017-06-05 hellenicshippingnews.. tweet Share Tagged with: Tops Previous: Asia Tankers-VLCC rates to hold steady ahead of possible rebound Next: VLCCs Demand Bound for Slowdown Just As Newbuilding Deliveries are Rising Related News VLCCs Demand Bound for Slowdown Just As Newbuilding Deliveries are Rising 05/06/2017 Ballast Water Treatment Systems: Check Your Charterparty 05/06/2017 Tanker Market To Improve in 2018 As Overtonnage Risks Remain Evident 03/06/2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Anti-Spam Please enter the CAPTCHA text Sponsors Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Read More Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Read More WEEKLY CONTAINER INDEX Read More FOLLOW US LIVE SHIPS TRAFFIC MAP Read More STOCK NEWS Read More Sponsors Newsletter Subscribe to our email newsletter. Email address: Name: Surname: Please insert the code you see in the picture. Recent Videos HMCS GOOSE BAY passes FEDERAL ALSTER & ALGOLAKE on Welland Canal 05/06/2017 M/V COSCO KIKU コンテナ船 Container ship COSCO SHIPPING 大阪港 2017-MAY 04/06/2017 [巨大船] EVER UNICORN コンテナ船 Container ship EVER GREEN 大阪港 2017-MAY 04/06/2017 June 2 Energy Commentary: Alan Knuckman 02/06/2017 GEBE OLDENDORFF loading coal 02/06/2017 M/V HAKUYO MARU NO.2 2017-MAR (第二白陽丸 一般貨物船 芙蓉海運) 02/06/2017 Australia’s new icebreaker – steel cutting 02/06/2017 SUZUKA – FUJITRANS CORPORATION ro-ro cargo ship (すずか – フジトランス 内航自動車船 ) 02/06/2017 Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide Online Daily Newspaper on Hellenic and International Shipping Shipping News Top Stories Hellenic Shipping News International Shipping News Dry Bulk Market Piracy and Security News Shipping: Emission Possible Marine Insurance P&I Club News Port News Shipbuilding News Shipping Law News Interviews Recent Videos Live Piracy Map Live Ships Worldwide Traffic Map Real Time Marine Weather DNV GL Maritime Academy Hellas Events and Training Courses Useful Links Rss Feeds Site Map Mobile Applications and Social Media Commodities Commodity News Chinese iron ore and steelmaking prices Freight News Guide for Carriage of Hazardous Materials Ship Risk Profile Calculator World Economy World Economy News IMF/OECD News Oil & Energy Oil & Companies News General Energy News Bunker Prices Worldwide Report / Analysis Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Weekly Container Reports Index Weekly Vessel Valuations Report Daily Tanker Market Rates Daily Tanker Fixtures Weekly Shipbrokers Reports Monthly Shipbrokers Reports Weekly Demolition Reports Weekly Ship Sales Weekly Shipbuilding Reports Marine Engine Specifications Shipping Glossary Connect with Us Contact us - Send your news Subscribe to our free daily newsletter Stock Market News Stock News Stock Market Snapshot Daily Currencies Ratings Hellenic Shipping Companies Live Hellenic Shipping Stocks Live International Shipping Stocks Live Commodity Trade Markets Follow us © 2017 Copyright Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide All Rights Reserved. Diclaimer - Web Design & Development PG-Software This site uses cookies More infoNo problem
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives Police search for suspect who pinned a pedestrian between two A soft spot for hard sodas Make banking reform work for communities No fruit juice for first year for babies Local S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace Lightning strikes Southwest plane in San Antonio, hits nearby 2 of the 3 Laredo PD officers injured in a Friday shootout, Roy L. Washington Man found in Wal-Mart parking lot with self-inflicted gunshot US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News The Latest: Turnbull says up to 4 Australians were victims Cosby's image as father, family man on the line at sex trial Haiti fears deportations will mean surge of child servants Amid tear gas, Venezuela violinist symbolizes hope for peace Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases Stocks set records again; bond yields sink after jobs report Mexican steel magnate Ancira buys land along River Walk U.S. trade deficit rises to highest level since January Google’s Chrome browser to block some ads starting next year Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools A man down, SAFC draws with Swope Park Friday’s high school baseball, softball results A heartbreaking ending for Bears Reagan clips Churchill to clinch state berth Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate Review: Cocina criolla stars at San Antonio's new Puerto Rican San Antonio restaurant inspections: June 2, 2017 Where to get free treats on National Donut Day in San Antonio More barbecue and brews coming to Broadway in San Antonio Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2017 Rodeo 2017 Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties Christopher Cross returns to San Antonio better than ever San Antonio TV anchor reacts to lampooning by Kimmel Balcones Heights Jazz Festival lineup announced S.A. woman's 400-pound TV weight-loss transformation reportedly Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Holidays Trends & Style Beauty and Fashion Tips Better Living Tips Parenting Pets Green Living San Antonio’s DoSeum tackles tech for kids this summer 2 Texas cities named among places you should visit 'before they Life in the Desert Universal Orlando’s New Volcano Bay is a blast Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla Make banking reform work for communities No fruit juice for first year for babies Your Turn: June 5 Know the rules of flying drones — safety first Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews Jeep redesigns the Compass for 2017, adding beefier styling, new Jaguar 2017 XF R-Sport brings driving fun, technology, lots of Redesigned 2017 Mazda CX-5 compact crossover now arriving; prices Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features Farmers decry Trump plans to cut agriculture subsidies AP FACT CHECK: A blast of hot air with Trump's climate move Stocks set records again; bond yields sink after jobs report Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Home Decorating Single-family homes just listed for sale in San Antonio City Wide Open House San Antonio homes for rent Luxury Home Gallery ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/news/local/crime/article/Man-found-in-Wal-Mart-parking-lot-with-11195011.php Man found in Wal-Mart parking lot with self-inflicted gunshot wound By Nicole M. Bautista, Staff Writer Published 3:41 pm, Sunday, June 4, 2017 SCHERTZ - A 27-year-old man was found in the parking lot of Walmart Sunday afternoon with a self-inflicted gunshot wound, according to officials. Christopher Dillard was found in his vehicle that was parked near the Wal-Mart at 6102 FM 3009 about noon. In a news release, Schertz police say Dillard suffered a self-inflicted single gunshot wound to his head. Emergency personnel with Schertz Fire Department began life saving techniques upon arrival. Dillard was transported to Brooke Army Medical Center where he later died, officials said. Officers notified Dillard's family. No other information was released.  News Channel nbautista@express-news.net    Catch every San Antonio area moment! Click to like mySA on Facebook. The Latest 2 Laredo PD officers injured in a Friday shootout released... Toddler found wandering in Juarez believed to be U.S. citizen Police: Man shot himself in the head at a Wal-Mart parking lot ESPN names Texas' most famous athlete UK hails man who fled London attack holding beer an unlikely hero 2018 release of baby killer is unlikely Warning for sushi lovers - Anisakiasis Prosecutors say Uresti had financial difficulties, exploited... Another journalist shot, seriously wounded in south Mexico Police search for suspect who pinned a pedestrian between two... San Antonio diversity celebrated at Market Square fair Rank: Top 50 middle schools in the S.A. area S.A.-area high schools graded from A-F Average teacher salaries at S.A. schools Her 400-pound drop could reportedly ruin marriage Photos show amazing weight loss journey The stunning before & after photos of a fitness empire Austin Mahone fans flood the Paper Tiger La Cantera throws posh adults-only pool party 28 gorgeous rooftop pools to swim New on Netflix, Hulu, Amazon Prime in June Netflix originals ranked from worst to best The 34 most exciting TV shows this summer you need to see Recent Breaking News SAPD: 19-year-old in critical condition after East Side shooting San Antonio police make arrest in 2015 'Hell's Gate' murder case Affidavit: S.A. man bit, punched woman while trying to take... Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign up for our email services. Stop any time.    Breaking news    Morning headlines    Today's most-read stories    Evening headlines    Traffic alerts    Weather alerts    Politics news & alerts    Border & Mexico news & alerts    Obituaries EMAIL: Click here to sign up for Sports, Neighborhoods and more Email Alerts. Most Popular 1 Man found in Wal-Mart parking lot with self-inflicted gunshot... 2 Lightning strikes Southwest plane in San Antonio, hits nearby... 3 Another journalist shot, seriously wounded in south Mexico 4 Opinion: With his London tweets, Trump embarrasses himself -... 5 San Antonio restaurant inspections: June 2, 2017 6 Millennials are killing chains like Buffalo Wild Wings and... 7 Photo shows man casually mowing the lawn with massive tornado... 8 S.A. woman's 400-pound TV weight-loss transformation... 9 San Antonio diversity celebrated at Market Square fair 10 Hall of Fame quarterback Troy Aikman gets engaged 11 Lost toddler found in Mexico, believed to be American 12 Autopsy: Drugs taken by Chris Cornell didn't cause death 13 Plane gets stuck on takeoff at San Antonio International... 14 Tennessee gas station pushes back at comedian Kathy Griffin 15 Mayoral runoff gets even dirtier with release of mailer View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad REVEALED: Killer jihadi, 27, 'radicalized by YouTube' was known to British police and was filmed arguing with cops after unfurling ISIS flag in a park one year before London Bridge terror attack 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologizes to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her voice... after criticizing her for jetting home following Manchester attack I saw three jihadis shot dead - bang, bang, bang: Dramatic pictures taken by eyewitness who was just yards away show moment eight police cut down terrorists in a hail of 50 bullets  'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry': Ariana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim gave her during UK concert US Ambassador breaks ranks with Trump to PRAISE Mayor Sadiq Khan after the president criticized the London mayor for his response to capital's terror attack How dare the US say 'we are reeling': They know nothing of our resilience, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  'Alarmist blowhard' Trump faces furious backlash over his tweet condemning London Mayor just hours after London terror attack Former New York Knicks head coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing and flipping his car with Basketball Wives star girlfriend Gloria Govan in the passenger seat Fed up with having horrible arguments at home? Relationship coach reveals the one word that will defuse EVERY marital row (and it's not 'sorry') 'What I did was absolutely immoral, but not illegal': Designer who first put Ivanka Trump on the catwalk speaks out against his 59-year sentence for rape An $8 bottle of wine from grocery chain ALDI is voted among best in the world Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' Smash hit Wonder Woman makes $101.4MILLION over the weekend as it becomes highest-grossing film by a female director EVER 'His toenails were so long they clicked on the floor like a dog': People reveal why they REALLY dumped their ex in brutally honest online confessions London jihadi was 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as he asked a neighbor about hiring a truck: Father of two, who hid his hated of Western values behind 'nice guy' mask, tried to 'radicalize children' PIERS MORGAN: British Prime Minister Theresa May talks tough now but what did she do when she was in charge of the Home Office? She cut police numbers by 20,000. And now we're paying the price in blood. The detective's notes that suggest suspect was known to terror police: Hand written comments show person involved in the investigation was 'interrogated' by police last year  'Islamophobia hasn't killed anyone': Australia's former PM slams officials for soft response to terror as he calls for 'shoot-to-kill' commando units to guard against Australian attacks 'He looked like a f*****g Muslim terrorist': Straight-talking Australian describes how he was stabbed in the neck by London jihadi on his LAST night in the UK before flying home  Hero journalist who tweeted 'it isn't happening on my watch' before using his martial arts skills to tackle London Bridge terrorists now CANNOT SPEAK after being stabbed in the neck  ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge attack with sick posts vowing more terror  'I saw a man carrying knives and I just started running. He was less than 10ft behind me': Trainee nurse, 19, reveals terrifying escape from London attacker  'Don't confuse grief with lack of courage': Britain hits back against New York Times claims nation is 'still reeling from Manchester terror'  'This is for my family, this is for Islam': Mother reveals what deluded Jihadi knifeman yelled as he plunged a 12-inch blade into the stomach of her son, 23, leaving a scar stretching from his belly to his back Previous Next 'Cash me outside' teen sues game developers for $1million claiming they stole her 'intellectual property' by using her infamous catchphrase Danielle Bregoli launched a trademark suit against game developers Thursday The suit filed by 14-year-old's mom and management firm claims $1M+ damages South Florida teen accuses game developer of ripping off her catchphrase Developer tells DailyMail.com he will 'fight any accusations to the fullest extent' Danielle shot to fame after a September appearance on 'The Dr. Phil Show' where she challenged the audience to a fight, saying: 'Cash me ousside, how bow dah' Now she embarks on a national speaking tour and has signed a reality show deal By Keith Griffith and Emily Crane and Chris Spargo For Dailymail.com Published: 15:11 EDT, 4 June 2017 | Updated: 17:27 EDT, 4 June 2017 e-mail 21 shares 93 View comments The teenager who shot to fame after challenging her critics to 'Cash me outside' is now daring a video game developer to catch her in court. Danielle Bregoli, 14, is seeking more than $1million from game developers who allegedly used her catchphrase, according to a trademark suit filed Thursday in South Florida federal court.  The video game suit, filed by Danielle's mother Barbara Ann Bregoli and their company, Dani B Holdings LLC, accuses smartphone game maker Anonymous Games Inc of infringing her intellectual property rights in its games 'Cash Me Outside' and 'How Bow Dat', according to court filings reported by the Palm Beach Post. Danielle shot to fame after a September episode of Dr. Phil - titled I Want To Give Up My Car-Stealing, Twerking 13-Year-Old Daughter Who Tried To Frame Me For A Crime - in which she challenged the live studio audience to fight, saying 'Cash me ousside, how bow dah?'  Scroll down for videos  Danielle Bregoli (left with mother Barbara Ann) is defending her 'intellectual property' in a new lawsuit against the makers of the Cash Me Outside smartphone game (right) The suit alleges Cash Me Outside is an 'exceedingly simple and completely unoriginal game', but demands all gross revenue generated by the smartphone game Danielle shot to fame after a September episode of Dr. Phil titled I Want To Give Up My Car-Stealing, Twerking 13-Year-Old Daughter Who Tried To Frame Me For A Crime (pictured)  Federal records show numerous trademark applications by Dani B Holdings for variations on the phrase made in late April and early May. Danielle's legal team had previously fired off threats of a lawsuit against retail giant Walmart, which they accused of selling apparel branded with the phrase. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next The ridiculous rider for 'Cash me outside' girl's national... 'Cash me outside' sensation Danielle Bregoli, 14, embarking... Share this article Share Anonymous Inc owner Matthew Gruettner, who is also named in the suit, vowed to vigorously contest Danielle's claims in court.  'We never had any type of deal worked out with [Danielle] but the truth will come out in court as we intend to fight any accusations to the fullest extent,' Gruettner said in a statement to DailyMail.com. Gruettner went on to say that he had changed the name of the games only after he saw Danielle's lawyers file trademark applications in late April and early May. 'I normally make games off trending topics and make sure to not use any trademark or copyrighted assets - that’s why I changed the name of the game to remove the phrase back in April,' he explained.  'Naming random companies with no involvement seems frivolous and is a blatant misuse of our court system. We expect this dismissed immediately,' Gruettner said.  The game developer named in the trademark suit had removed 'How Bow Dat' from Apple's App Store as of Sunday, and the game 'Cash Me Outside' had been re-named 'Get Cash Outside'. Danielle is preparing to embark on a national speaking tour and has signed a reality show deal As of Sunday, and the game 'Cash Me Outside' had been re-named 'Get Cash Outside'. The company describes the game as a chance to 'Run and jump your way out of trouble while collecting bands of cash' The re-branded Get Cash Outside game is described by the company as a chance to 'Run and jump your way out of trouble while collecting bands of cash.' The suit alleges that it is an 'exceedingly simple and completely unoriginal game' that makes money from advertisements and in-app purchases. The lawsuit demands an award of all gross revenue derived directly or indirectly from the games. Additional defendants named by the suit, Josiah Jenkins and two other gaming companies, Appnoxious LLC and Squad Social LLC, 'were not involved in the making of that game' said Gruettner. The suit comes as Danielle embarks on a high-profile national speaking tour, for which she's issued an outrageous set of demands in her tour rider. Danielle is set to pocket $50,000 at each stop of her national tour - assuming she has sold out crowds - where she will lip-sync, answer questions from the crowd and finish off by roasting guests.   In addition to the $50,000 she is expected to make, the youngster has demanded $750 per diem, $3,000 for security costs and a minimum of four-star accommodation, TMZ reported.   Bregoli has also specifically requested three fidget spinners, four large Domino's pizzas, a fruit platter with no pineapple, five Gildan or Fruit of the Loom brand white tank tops and a 50 inch TV with Netflix and a DVD player so she can watch Paris Hilton in 'House of Wax'. Bregoli has also specifically requested four large Domino's pizzas, a fruit platter with no pineapple and a 50 inch TV with Netflix and a DVD player Only two venues in Fort Lauderdale and Houston have been secured since she signed the deal with Live Nation. They will consider booking more shows if the first two go well.  The national tour is a pretty impressive first job for Danielle, who just turned 14 in March.  News of the tour comes two months after reports first surfaced claiming that Danielle was poised to take home $1million as a result of her viral video fame. That claim was viewed as ridiculous and outrages by many, but now seems to be a low estimate given how quickly the teenager has found success on a number of platforms.  Danielle has also ditched her hometown of Boynton Beach, Florida and headed west to Hollywood, where she is developing a number of project. and signed a deal for her own reality show.  In addition to the $50,000 she is expected to make, the youngster has demanded $750 per diem and $3000 for security costs. Danielle now travels with her bodyguard Frank (pair above earlier this month) The teenager has also demanded five Gildan or Fruit of the Loom brand white tank tops and three fidget spinners as part of her tour rider More recently, she launched a YouTube channel, where in the past three weeks she has garnered over 1million views on each of the six videos she posted on the site. The most popular are her two roasts, with a video in which she mocked the fashions at the annual Met Ball closing in on 5million viewers three weeks after the event and another in which she criticized the lip-syncing videos of fellow teens on the Musical.ly app being watched over 1million times in just its first three days.  Danielle does not hold back in the videos either, going after her famous and non-famous subjects with the same disapproval in foul-mouthed attacks where she makes fun of their clothing, facial features and anything else that comes to her mind. In the description section of the Met Gala video, Danielle wrote: 'If any celebrities feelings were hurt in the making of this video, good.'  Danielle has also been the subject of some mockery by celebrities as well, with David Spade joking that her 15 minutes of fame were up after meeting the teenager at event. A star is scorned: She recently mocked David Spade on Instagram, saying she thought he was a waiter when she met him earlier this month (above) Running commentary: A YouTube video of the teenager roasting celebrities at the Met Gala has been viewed over 4million times in three weeks (above) Spade, 52, also admitted to being a bit upset by how 'underwhelmed' Danielle was to meet him.   Danielle responded by reposting Spade's photo and writing: 'No lie, I thought dis guy was the waiter.' She currently has a combined total of over 11million followers on  Facebook, Twitter and Instagram, numbers that are continuing to rapidly grow.  Danielle's path to fame has been unlikely from the start, beginning with her first appearance on 'The Dr. Phil Show' last September in a segment about out-control teenagers. She was 13 at the time, and studio audience quickly turned on the youngster as her mother detailed how Danielle would frequently run away from home and steal her credit cards. That only seemed to embolden Danielle though, who referred to the studio guests as 'w****s' and eventually challenged them to a post-show fight, screaming: 'Cash me ousside, how bow dah.' As a result of that one line, Danielle's interview quickly went viral, and from there an Internet celebrity was born. It is Instagram where Danielle has managed to find the most success however, amassing 10million followers as of June. That is more than double any of the women who appear on any of Bravo's 'Real Housewives' franchise.  This gets her some hefty paychecks for promotions, which she has been doing more and more frequently these days. Those posts tend to contain less profanity than her personal uploads on the site.  She managed to stay in the news with antics like getting into a fist fight on a Spirit Airlines flight, an incident that was conveniently caught on camera an d earned her a lifetime ban from the budget airline.  Officers have also been to the Florida home she shared with her equally opinionated mother Barbara Ann for lewd and lascivious behavior, general disturbances, fraud and obscene calls. Police were called 51 times last year alone for a range of offenses including stolen cars, verbal threats and domestic tiffs. Those days seem to be past Danielle however, who now travels around with her very own bodyguard, Frank Dellatto. She recently posted a photo of the two in Los Angeles and wrote: 'My catchin people ousside days is over. Get em Fwank.'  Danielle then added: 'jk I'll still fucc ya a** up too #dontmesswitus.'  Read more: 'Cash Me Outside' Girl Danielle Bregoli Going on Tour | TMZ.com 'Cash Me Outside' Girl Danielle Bregoli's Tour Rider Includes 4-Star, Fruity Demands | TMZ.com 'Cash Me Outside" girl sues gaming company for using her phrase Share or comment on this article e-mail 21 shares Most watched News videos Graphic footage of London attack victim with serious neck injury Shocking dashcam footage shows people fleeing scene of terror attack Hero Londoners try to save victims of city's latest terror attack Bloodied man led to safety through a cordon of armed police Moment gunshots are heard outside a restaurant in London Bridge Police tell drinkers to 'get down immediately' in London bar Exclusive: Armed police order people to the floor in Barking Horrific moment man randomly hits 90-year-old with cane in NYC Shocking moment woman blocks young boy from brutal crash This cat wants out! Owner argues with cat who wants to go outside Woman heard crying in fear as police evacuate Borough Market Theresa May says 'enough is enough' after London terror attack Arsenal jihadi 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as... 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to... Family pay tribute to Canadian woman killed in terror... KATIE HOPKINS: You’re right, Theresa. We cannot go on... Armed police arrest 12 - including four women - at East... 'Stay with me, please, I love you': Bystanders rush to... Trump condemns London Mayor after terror attack:... Harrowing dashcam footage reveals trail of devastation on... Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation... Body of Manchester terror victim Eilidh MacLeod, 14, is... 'He's a soldier': Father-of-three stabbed FOUR times by... Desperate families beg for information on 'missing' loved... ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge... Bystander caught in police crossfire was shot in the head... Hero neighbor shoots knife-wielding father dead as he... Frail man, 90, who was viciously beaten with a cane in a... 'Bit of pain but I'll survive': Australian waitress, 31,... Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am slammed... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 94 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Young family  Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Touching words  'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologizes to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her  after criticizing her for jetting home following Manchester attack What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Both the models dressed down  Dressed to the nines! The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala  'Do not be afraid': Ariana Grande's heroic mother Joan shares empowering message as she joins fans in the crowd at One Love concert in Manchester  'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Adriana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim  Ariana Grande sparks confusion by sporting dazzling rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at Manchester tribute  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Everyone is smiling  Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Appears to take aim at the natural beauty Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Wiped off the sweat from her face  Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Attended a service  That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Clearly enjoys showing off her workouts Booty-ful moves! Iggy Azalea shows off her stunning figure in red leotard while writhing onstage at awards show in Mexico City All eyes on her  Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Unconventional parenting Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards Started off the red carpet in style Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals Modern Family star is a staunch activist  'As a father, this has made me truly sad': David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' of Manchester as he sends poignant video message to One Love concert Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her Wowed the crowd with their hit Where Is The Love? Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Fergie, 42, looked super in black skinny jeans  'I've got an emotional depth greater than two years ago': Hunger Games star Sam Claflin reveals fatherhood made him a better actor Life changing  Australian actor Hugh Sheridan claims he and Rebel Wilson visited a 'secret apartment' in Disneyland after the actress said she was related to Walt Disney Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Touching scenes Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Resident Evil star Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Lifestyle mogul's had a day out  Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Showing off her stunning figure Dressed to the nines! Ivanka Trump looks stunning in a red gown as she heads to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Looked regal  'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh Parents to two girls  Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Reality star radiated glamour and celebrity Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Can enjoy some time off Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City Is on a break from shooting Younger  Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe He's had his hands full  Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program It's never too late  Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am forgets what city he's in at Manchester terror concert as he greets crowd by saying 'What's up London?'  Pippa Middleton's brother-in-law Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his girlfriend Vogue Williams is in Spain  Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at Ariana Grande's One Love concert in Manchester but fans are disappointed brother Noel does not join him  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilization after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort in Australia  Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Turned heads in London They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin on Twitter and  insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Quirky look  They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Stunning blondes  How Cary Grant took acid to get over his issues with women: Famed actor took 100 LSD pills over the course of THREE YEARS to counter his struggles Former Knicks coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing his car with Basketball Wives star girlfriend Gloria Govan in the passenger seat Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Enviable figure  Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Grabbed attention  'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' She is expecting twins in the coming weeks  'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets with fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert  Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy was one of the first to pay tribute  Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving Craig's Princess Charlene exudes glamor in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for his water bike challenge  Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica The pair went incognito for a romantic evening  Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage She has a sizzling Ora about her! Rita sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy shoot His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht with husband Rod Stewart, 72 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in her PAJAMAS Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil as family label her actions unforgivable' Crocodile safaris, kangaroo for dinner and only wallabies for company: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' remote luxury outback love nest 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Hidden message? 'People can't tell us apart!' Kim Zolciak, 39, admonishes Brielle, 20, after she jokes her mom 'looks 40' Brielle Biermann incited the wrath of her mom Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Loved-up couple  Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Kate Beckinsale keeps it casual in tight black leggings as she showcases her svelte physique Rumored to be getting cozy with Jon Hamm  Sheer madness! Joanna Krupa reveals her toned stomach in body hugging black gown Turned heads on the red carpet  Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Teen Mom star Farrah Abraham sports long blonde hair as she spends the day with her daughter Sophia Had a big day in the Big Apple  Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in London ABS-olutely fabulous! Braless Miley Cyrus highlights her svelte figure in crop top with shorts and denim jacket Flashed her flat stomach in a white crop top Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has made him a 'changed man' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with tradition by donning a wedding ring James, 41, has donned a gold band to show his devotion  Scott Disick, 34, cuddles up to topless Australian model, 21, as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Where the bloody hell was she? Lara Bingle 'arrives 45 minutes late' to Tiffany & Co. launch in before 'clocking off and refusing to speak to journalists' Those boots aren't made for walking! Iggy Azalea showcases some VERY extravagant floral thigh-highs in a plunging silky white gown  Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Spotted in Hollywood  Classic LBD with a twist! Zendaya wows in black dress with pearl detailing for Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The 20-year-old stepped out in an elegant gown  Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Teen Mom OG's Ryan Edwards checks into rehab... after ex Maci Bookout revealed she was terrified he might OD He is doing well  'I've been let go!' Kevin Can Wait star Erinn Hayes dropped from second season as Leah Remini joins the cast Will not be returning for the second season  Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she spends the day with friends The Bad Liar beauty is visiting the East Coast Ariana Grande 'set to perform tear-jerking duet of Where Is The Love? with The Black Eyed Peas' at star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit  The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan They just spent last week in Mexico together 'Night Time!' Lindsay Lohan wears an unzipped dress as she poses atop her bed for saucy Instagram snap Shared a provocative picture 'Seal found your musical G-spot!' Delta Goodrem bursts into laughter at Boy George's VERY risqué joke during The Voice Australia live  Controversial remark Former Australian Bachelor contestant Tiffany Scanlon showcases her taut abs in a tiny red bikini as she reveals the secret behind her new six pack 'I went from eating at the White House to sleeping in the bushes': Child star Willie Aames reveals his 'stupid decisions' led to him losing everything 'She was standing there and I fell in love': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out their $6.4million country estate... because 'the roof colors don't match' Have halted work I want candy! Angelina Jolie treats kids Shiloh and Vivian to roller skating as daughter Zahara is seen with giant box of Hot Tamales Doting mother  Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills She oozed style  'Lost for words but currently safe': Ruby Rose and girlfriend Jessica Origliasso are in lockdown as they're caught in the middle of London terror attack 'Getting into her zone': Coco Austin takes daughter Chanel, one, to Ice-T's concert... and dances along backstage Attended her husband Ice-T's concert Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony  'He is not feeling great': An exhausted Scott Disick returns to Los Angeles after a raucous week of partying as it's claimed he's 'ready to shape up' Now that's an arrival! Ice-T and Coco Austin are MOBBED by fans as they jet into Sydney with daughter Chanel They have both arrived in Australia  Ready for summer! Reese Witherspoon looks girly in gingham as she enjoys a day of shopping with husband Jim Married for six years Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Tied the knot to the TBS executive  Baby on the way! Mad Men's Ben Feldman's wife Michelle Mulitz reveals her bump on the red carpet Attended the 16th Annual Chrysalis Butterfly Ball 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' A 63-year-old beauty  'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat Known as the gorgeous blonde heiress 'I proposed to the love of my life': Former Dallas Cowboys quarterback and Hall of Famer Troy Aikman gets engaged to girlfriend Capa Mooty Alexandra Daddario keeps low profile in baggy ensemble after enjoying a tiki cruise with friends Looked a little worse for wear 'They've gotten even closer': Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk speak 'several times a day' as actor works away from home following daughter's birth 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Superstar bared-all for video  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball Oscar winner did not disappoint  'Think she's fond of my leg hair?' Bella Thorne's kitten snuggles into teen's unshaven pins Took to Instagram to announce that she had fallen ill GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since Big birthday bash  Just do it! Bella Hadid flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms The 20-year-old stepped out for a work commitment  Breaking Bad star Aaron Paul can't keep his hands of wife Lauren Parsekian as they pack on the PDA while he films new movie in Italy That's Amore Priyanka Chopra reveals her svelte physique in a polka dot sundress at the Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Finished her promo tour for Baywatch Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Unhappy  Christie's girl! Sailor Brinkley-Cook lets her natural beauty shine as she poses for magazine Let her natural radiance shine through for the latest issue 'We all might just make out': Orange Is The New Black star Yael Stone outlines VERY raunchy Wentworth crossover Lust-driven outline for a spin-off 'Beach bound!' Kim Zolciak shows off impressive figure on family Bahamas vacation... as brave son Kash helps stray one month after dog attack Night and day! Emma Roberts is transformed as she steps out in costume while filming Little Italy The beauty was clad in a patent leather black coat Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel 'This goes down as a classic': Lupita Nyong'o raves over new Wonder Woman movie in heartfelt review She wholeheartedly agrees Justin Bieber jets into Germany clutching onto his skateboard ahead of performance at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester benefit concert 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  'I was probably self-medicating: Kiwi singer Lorde reveals she went through a bout of heavy drinking after breaking up with ex-boyfriend White hot! Nicole Murphy puts her ample assets on display in low-cut frock for Women of Excellence Awards Gala Graced the red carpet  'Obsessed!' Heather Morris and son Owen tuck in as they celebrate National Donut Day May still be reeling from her baffling elimination from DWTS Plait looks fun! Bella Thorne rocks tiny shorts and braids as she steps out with her party posse She was seen with her rumored on again boyfriend Gregg Sulkin  Horsing around! Nicky Hilton Rothschild wows in green silk dress at Veuve Cliquot Polo Classic Kendall Jenner was also there Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Gregg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs Thousands of fans lined the streets of Macon Disgraced Josh Duggar makes return to social media in post celebrating his four-year-old son Marcus' birthday two years after sex scandal Flaunting her Cannes tan! Bella Hadid showcases her endless legs in shorts and cut-out top during photoshoot Strutted her stuff  Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills Is she trying to get her sister in trouble? Heidi Klum, 43, stuns in a simple maxidress as she leaves Mykonos with beau Vito Schnabel, 30, after soaking up the sun on the Greek island Tanned and relaxed Wild things! Emmy Rossum and Sam Esmail share images from their honeymoon safari in Rwanda The loved up couple hared a slew of shots  No sunburn for her! Nicole Kidman keeps her pale skin under cover in a long-sleeved dress at Veuve Clicquot's Polo Classic at Liberty State Park 9021-whoah! Rachel McCord (almost) bares all in a VERY daring embellished jacket as she attends the Hollywood premiere of All About The Money Move over Kim! Kris Jenner, 61, wears see-through lace top and bra for dinner outing with Jada Pinkett Smith Flaunted her incredible figure  Proud to be in the pink: It's the color which used to make feminists see red - but now today's top women dress in Millennial Pink to signal empowerment  Jennifer Garner looks in high spirits as she picks up daughter Violet, 11, from school in navy shift dress... after ex Ben Affleck finally moves belongings out  We Belong Together! Mariah Carey and her recently rekindled flame Bryan Tanaka put on an amorous display at a dinner date  Couldn't be separated  EXCLUSIVE: Actor Alan Cummings is pleading for the release of his former chimpanzee co-star Tonka from 'cockroach-infested' primate foundation  Naughty and nice! Sophia Bush shows off her cleavage in a flirty lace dress at film festival gala in Connecticut  Pamela Anderson shows off her famous curves in a white bardot dress during  post-dinner walk with a male friend in St Tropez Fabulous in France  Just like dad! Tom Brady brings mini me son Jack to charity football game The 39-year-old NFL superstar looked every bit the proud father  'I sit there in awe': Seal reveals his 'deep affection' for The Voice co-star Delta Goodrem after announcing he 'loved' her The Voice Australia stars She's a City Girl! Rosario Dawson joins creator Sarah Ramos and Busy Philipps for a table read of Internet hit Three actresses couldn't stop smiling  'It was definitely not a comfortable day': Vanessa Williams, 54, rued having to wear bikini for first day on Daytime Divas (despite looking AMAZING) Manchester gets ready to rock and remember: Final preparations under way for tomorrow night's One Love benefit concert at Old Trafford  Just a day away  'We wouldn't have made the same choice': Wonder Woman director Patty Jenkins admits her 'heart sank' when Gal Gadot was originally cast Touchdown! Olivia Culpo and NFL star boyfriend Danny Amendola coordinate in red for charity football game Tom Brady's event Is that you Elle? Reese Witherspoon channels her ditzy Legally Blonde character in vibrant pink summer dress from her very own range 'This is the scariest building I've ever seen! WTF goes on inside?' Tom Hanks posts a photo of mysterious almost windowless Manhattan tower  Right on the Munn-ey! Braless Olivia stuns in Daisy Dukes as she puts on leggy display in lace up gladiator heels Treated herself to a new hair style Both of Bill Cosby's 'wives' will be at trial: Disgraced comedian's real-life partner of 50 years Camille and his TV spouse Phylicia Rashad will be in court  Pretty Little Liar star Ashley Benson goes braless as she reveals midriff in crop top while out in Beverly Hills Rocked the revealing ensemble  Coyote ugly! Kanye West wants to design Calabasas High School sports uniforms... but only if he can rename them the Wolves Joanna Krupa puts on a busty display in plunging white playsuit as she enjoys dinner in West Hollywood She recently split from husband Romain Zago Queen of green! Hailey Baldwin catches the eye in a quirky emerald tracksuit and stiletto heels as she steps out for coffee Cut a confident look Sudden departure! Stylish Justin Theroux leaves NY for LA ahead of The Leftovers final ever episode The 45-year-old cut a stylish traveler look Check mate! Lindsay Lohan blows a kiss as she dines out in stylish monochrome jacket... after admitting she 'misses' her Hollywood lifestyle Make-up free Julianne Moore cuts a casual figure as she rocks pajama couture in rare outing with husband Stepped out for lunch in New York 'I am basically a witch': Lorde reveals fascination with witchcraft as singer claims she has connected with the ghost of David Bowie Sheer perfection! The Mummy star Annabelle Wallis reveals her bra in a daring see-through top as she dines out in London Flashed her toned body He's scored! Proud Kim Sears celebrates husband Andy Murray's win against Juan Martin Del Potro at French Open Putting in the leg work! Alessandra Ambrosio catches the eye in thigh-skimming minidress as she attends Madrid fashion launch Turning heads in Spain  Bruce Springsteen's showjumping daughter Jessica displays her equestrian skills as she competes at the Athina Onassis Horse Show in St Tropez Black is the New Orange: Ruby Rose cuts a low-key figure as she touches down in London in a sombre hoodie and shades All grown up! Raven-Symone and Anneliese van der Pol reprise their best friend roles in new trailer for Disney's Raven's Home New trailer Lottie Moss displays her enviably toned pins in ruffled floral romper as she enjoys night out with Scott Disick's rumored flame Ella Ross Cuter couture! Orlando Bloom proudly rocks adorable T-shirt designed by his six-year-old son Flynn He has his own personal designer 'There's a place for outright silliness right now': Comedian Steve Carell says moviegoers need a balance of lighthearted comedy and reality  Sofia Vergara cuts a casual figure in off-the-shoulder top and ripped jeans while shopping in LA The 44-year-old star looked casual cool 'I didn't want a number': Tom Cruise reveals Top Gun sequel will be called Top Gun: Maverick Sequel to the 1986 action film Top Gun Sheerly amazing! Lorde takes the stage in black see-through top for star-studded Governor's Ball in New York City Revealing outfit Goddess in green! Isla Fisher cuts a chic figure in emerald leather-look jacket as she speaks at Children's Book and Author breakfast in New York Black Eyed Peas frontman will.i.am claims reports Fergie left the group are 'lies' and says she's focusing on solo work False rumors  Right on Target! Halsey dons a blue wig as she surprises diehard fans with impromptu meet-and-greet at LA store Blending in with the locals! Kelly Rowland sports camouflage jacket as she spends day in Sydney with family and husband Tim Weatherspoon Revealed: The full list of 100 super-rich British stars in $900million tax relief scheme includes The Beckhams, Robbie Williams, and Geri Halliwell Changing seasons! Lily Aldridge switches up summery red dress for fall pantsuit for Vogue shoot in New York Wowed in a hot-weather dress  Hello sunshine! Gigi Hadid gives just a peek at her toned tum in form-fitting bright yellow two-piece number She's used to having all eyes on her Still a Pretty Woman! Evergreen Julia Roberts stuns as she goes casual cool in bomber jacket over blouse for Malibu photoshoot Ageless beauty Kathy Griffin loses remainder of her tour gigs in wake of Donald Trump severed head scandal after dramatic press conference Celebrity Run-Ins Tour  I feel like a rock star after meeting Ariana Grande, says eight-year-old bomb victim who was visited in hospital by pop star and Prince William     DON'T MISS Ring of steel set to protect 50,000 fans: Huge security operation in place as Ariana Grande pays tribute to Manchester victims 22 people died Pretty as a petal! Maggie Gyllenhaal dons chic floral jacket and trouser combination at New York premiere of The Deuce Fashionable actress Kendall Jenner looks runway ready in coordinating striped top and wide leg pants for a day out in New York Wore a ribbed top and wide leg trousers 'They were serious': Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay 'dated NBA star Kevin Durant when they were in college' They both attended The University of Texas Back to family life! Kourtney Kardashian takes Mason and Penelope to the movies after living it up at the Cannes Film Festival Showed of her tummy 'My hairdresser is better than your hairdresser!' Model Simone Holtznagel flaunts her freshly-styled mane after a trip to the stylist She Dunn ever disappoint! Supermodel mother Jourdan looks sensational as she shoots an editorial in New York City Stunning outfits  Kelly Rowland tells critics to BACK OFF Delta Goodrem amid complaints about her 'bulls**t theatrics' on The Voice Australia  On the floor! Jennifer Lopez, 47, gets a helping hand up from her dancers after bending a little TOO far backward during her Las Vegas show No Blindspots! Jaimie Alexander reveals her toned tummy as she rocks crop top and tight black leather pants Seen in a revealing ensemble ABS-olutely fabulous! Karrueche Tran flaunts her midriff in vintage crop top with ripped jeans for lunch outing Stepped out for lunch at Mauro's restaurant Former Bachelorette star Trista Sutter, 44, suffers seizure and collapses in front of her children while on vacation in Croatia Scary ordeal Kathy Griffin breaks down in tears claiming Trump family ruined her life - as her lawyer scoffs at report Barron was upset over severed head video  Izabel Goulart shows off her incredible abs and pert posterior in nautical thong bikini as she enjoys Ibiza beach holiday with footballer beau Kevin Trapp Moms unite! Jessica Alba and Jenna Dewan-Tatum bring glam to the beach for Baby2Baby benefit Businesswomen and mothers Super mom! Zoe Saldana reveals toned tummy in crop top while picking up two-year-old twins from school Revealed her enviable midriff  Dill-igent mama to be! Pregnant Heidi Montag chomps down on a pickle to satisfy her cravings in middle of grocery store Five months pregnant Adriana Lima emphasizes her pins in colorful leggings... after diamond ring Instagram declaring 'I AM MARRIED TO ME' Out and about in Miami Extra extra! Drew Barrymore goes Boho in billowing rainbow maxi to hand out copies of her new publication Stepped into the world of publishing Ciao bella! Blogger Natasha Oakley flaunts her ample cleavage in a bikini as she soaks up the sun on lavish Italian getaway Bikini blogger Back in black! 13 Reasons Why's Katherine Langford dons an understated ensemble as she is swarmed by fans at Sydney airport 'Dog walkers on deck!' Kendall Jenner's Mew joins Mariah Carey's Cha Cha and Chloe Grace Moretz's Pearl in Wag club Furry friends Back so soon? Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi returns to Instagram just NINE hours after vowing to quit social media Couldn't stay away Good enough to eat! Padma Lakshmi looks delectable in crocheted swimsuit on the cover of Beach magazine She graced the new cover of Beach Having a ball! Bikini-clad Coleen Rooney shows off her stunning body as she cradles son Kit during family trip to Barbados with husband Wayne Basketball Wives: LA star Laura Govan's home burglarized as thieves take $700,000 in cash and jewelry from her Southern California property Shy guy! Zac Efron keeps a low profile in blue hoodie for return to LA... after showing off pole dancing skills on Graham Norton Show He's not usually shy 'She's gone into serious detail': Kylie Minogue 'to spill the beans' on Joshua Sasse split in new album... after music helped her through 'very tough time' 'I live for donuts!' Hunger Games star Liam Hemsworth gets VERY excited while driving dirt bike around in circles Miley Cyrus' fiance It's a boy! Actress Lake Bell welcomes her second child with Scott Campbell She and her tattoo artist husband already have daughter Nova, aged two Inspiring, indeed! Lea Michele shows off toned figure in tight floral dress at the Inspiration Awards in LA She was presenting an award at the ceremony All that's missing is a yacht! Mad Men vet January Jones pulls off nautical look at Inspiration Awards... after trashing Donald Trump on Instagram Chris Cornell's toxicology report shows he had a cocktail of strong sedatives and four Ativan pills in his system when he killed himself  Justin Bieber shows off his heavily tattooed chest and touches his nipples after hugging a bikini girl by a swimming pool in New York Having fun in the sun Soldiering on! Gwyneth Paltrow steps out still on her medical boot as she chats with a pal in Santa Monica First spotted in it just over a week ago Her own best advertisement! Khloe Kardashian strikes a sensual pose to model her newest figure-hugging Good American jeans Platell's People: Diana would tell William and Harry 'don't look back in anger' William has spoken of the agony of walking behind Diana's coffin Ready for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she jets off to see her boyfriend Said to be 'head over heels' in love Diane Keaton 'hates' her figure: Actress, 71, whose nude film scenes were meant to empower older women admits using designer clothes to cover up her body  The moment executive in charge of Apple Music 'yelled at Rihanna to sit down at the NBA Finals' Singer was animated at game, even heckling Kevin Durant Summer chic! Elle Fanning delights in white strapless dress as she steps out with mystery man in NYC Spotted out and about in New York City Twinning is winning! Coco Austin puts her daughter Chanel in a matching T-shirt... as the tot has a CC logo on her back In Australia with Ice-T Pippa Middleton's $150,000 Moneymoon: Newlywed's vacation featured $320 kangaroo lunch, pricey bikinis galore and 15-minute flight costing $650  They're Down with it! Fifth Harmony wow as they debut their first single without Camila Cabello on GMA Four remaining members of the band Lena Dunham carries a walker into her apartment as she continues to recover from the complications of endometriosis surgery Brandy explains 'exhaustion' from constant travel is the reason she fell unconscious on Delta flight out of LA and was later hospitalized Charli XCX flashes her toned stomach in crop top as she puts on a leggy display in tiny shorts during New York City concert Took center stage 'He's a special person!': Renee Zellweger gushes about boyfriend Doyle Bramhall while attending film gala with her brother Andrew Chilling out! Emma Stone looks relaxed in striped blouse and jeans as she enjoys down time after wrapping The Favourite La La Land star EXCLUSIVE: Carmelo Anthony is 'fuming' over Chris Rock's bold pass at basketball star's estranged wife La La Anthony - but she says she was 'flattered'  'Those are the children you raised': Kendall Jenner sounds off against Caitlyn 'dissing the Kardashians' in her tell-all memoir Accused her of lying Style Swoon: From bag silhouette Kendall Jenner keeps wearing to Alexa Chung's stylish new line, FEMAIL reveals fashions we're loving this week It's only crock 'n' roll! Youngest Stone is 70 (and now they all need support acts!)  All needed a guiding arm as they left Wood's 70th birthday bash Gretchen Carlson reveals she was shunned by her closest friends and coworkers after she accused Roger Ailes of firing her for refusing sex Married at First Sight star reveals his desperation to give his wife her first orgasm, after having sex with her regularly for three weeks with no luck Dawn of justice! Gal Gadot steps out of New York hotel make-up free as her film Wonder Woman is expected to take US box office by storm Girls night out: Lisa Rinna and Harry Hamlin's stylish daughters Delilah and Amelia step out in eye-catching outfits in Los Angeles No clashes here! Vanessa Williams glows while joined by her glamorous Daytime Divas co-stars during Nasdaq MarketSite event in NYC Beauty guru Michelle Phan posts first video in months, admitting how her growing obsession with vanity and money led to her depression YouTube beauty vlogger Pregnant Serena Williams showcases her blossoming bump as she watches French Open tennis... after revealing she does not know baby's gender Dirty Baby! Tyga's rumored former fling Demi Rose looks bootylicious as she steps out in a slogan crop top in Ibiza Put on a busty display Prom time! Teresa Giudice glows as her eldest daughter Gia, 16, looks pretty for high school dance... while dad Joe serves three years in prison Jon Hamm discusses his breakup from  Jennifer Westfeldt as he admits he may be a 'narcissist'... after 'getting cozy' with Kate Beckinsale Beaming Lily Collins looks every inch the gym bunny as she leaves workout in Los Angeles  in skin-tight leggings and khaki coat George Clooney's ex-girlfriend Elisabetta Canalis keeps it casual in t-shirt and jeans as she dotes over daughter Skyler during lunch outing Meet Monsieur Toilette! Deleted scene from live-action Beauty and the Beast reveals movie was meant to feature a feisty talking TOILET character EXCLUSIVE: 'I fight against my genes constantly': Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves enjoys passionate smooch with personal trainer Danni Levy Looks familiar! Victoria's Secret beauty Romee Strijd recreates Kendall Jenner's Marc Jacobs look for NYC photoshoot Covered up for once Busty Pamela Anderson shows off her tiny waist and lean legs in a cream bardot dress as she steps out in St Tropez She's 50 on July 1  Patron saint of fashion! Justin Bieber's protégé 18-year-old Madison Beer becomes Moschino designer Jeremy Scott's latest muse   Double denim diva! Jessica Biel channels one of her husband Justin Timberlake's most famous looks from his Britney Spears days Spotted in sunny NYC 'It's disheartening!': Real Housewives Of Atlanta star Phaedra Parks admits that her divorce from Apollo Nida is extremely painful Climate control! Ivanka sports bold red lipstick and short monochrome as she steps out in D.C., a day after shunning her father's Paris historic accord announcement Sean Penn 'bumped from ECONOMY to FIRST CLASS' after passenger on Delta flight 'made snarky comments' about star's carry-on bags Lunch to go! Katie Holmes picks up takeout in LA.... hours before Jamie Foxx is seen across town Keeping relationship out of the spotlight A new romance? Kate Beckinsale and Jon Hamm were 'flirting' and 'inseparable' at Los Angeles  screening for his new movie Baby Driver Chelsea Clinton flashes bra in sheer top at NYC gay bar's Pride Month event, admitting she wore green to protest Trump's Paris Accord decision She's having a boy! Heavily pregnant Lauren Conrad announces she's having a son with cute Instagram post Card said 'It's a guy' with a baby in blue car So long, Chicago! Sophia Bush goes incognito as she wears sunglasses at LAX airport after quitting hit medical drama Moving on to new things 'He's trying to teach me how to hit the ball!' Katherine Webb and her NFL husband AJ McCarron enjoy a baby-free date night at Topgolf 'They've flown cases of tequila to an amazing villa': Kim Kardashian 'joins husband Kanye West in the Bahamas for his lavish 40th birthday party' My how you've changed! Two decades after movie Matilda premiered we reveal where child stars are now... and some are totally unrecognizable 'You see young soldiers permanently damaged... it's very sobering': Brad Pitt says he made War Machine to remind people of ravages of war 'Gym selfie - because fat people don't work out, right?' Size 22 model Tess Holliday hits back at body-shamers by sharing a photo of herself in locker room Good heavens! Victoria's Secret Angel Alessandra Ambrosio goes BRALESS at shoe launch... as she hangs out with Kylie Minogue's ex Andres Velencoso Electra-fying! Carmen, 45, sizzles in plunging cocktail dress as she parties the night away at Hollywood hotspot The Peppermint Club Showed off her assets 'I'm not against people owning guns': Kim Kardashian talks tighter laws in honor of National Gun Violence Awareness Day Posted  views online  What an improvement! Kim Zolciak shows son Kash's healing face just six weeks after he was mauled by a dog Brave four year old is smiling again She's just like you and me! Drew Barrymore puts on her makeup in the carriage window as she rides the New York City subway Down to earth star Naomi Campbell stuns in one-shoulder gown while Victoria Silvstedt turns heads in a bright orange number at Monte-Carlo Fashion Week Gala Mischa Barton looks fashion forward as she steps out in a pink silk dress at the Executor premiere... following her sex tape battle  Flashed her legs Today's headlines Most Read Another fanatic slips through the net: Killer jihadi, 27, 'radicalised by YouTube' was known to police and... 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologises to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her 'cracking voice'...... I saw three jihadis shot dead - bang, bang, bang: Dramatic pictures taken by eyewitness who was just yards... 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals... US Ambassador breaks ranks with Trump to PRAISE Mayor Sadiq Khan after the president criticized the London... How dare the US say 'we are reeling': They know nothing of our resilience, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Trump faces furious backlash over his tweet condemning London Mayor just hours after London terror attack Former New York Knicks head coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing and flipping his car... Fed up with having horrible arguments at home? Relationship coach reveals the one word that will defuse... 'What I did was absolutely immoral, but not illegal': Designer who first put Ivanka Trump on the catwalk... An $8 bottle of wine from grocery chain ALDI is voted among best in the world Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI... Smash hit Wonder Woman makes $101.4MILLION over the weekend as it becomes highest-grossing film by a female... 'His toenails were so long they clicked on the floor like a dog': People reveal why they REALLY dumped their... Arsenal jihadi 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as he asked a neighbour about hiring a van: Father of... PIERS MORGAN: Mrs May talks tough now but what did she do when she was in charge of the Home Office? She cut... The detective's notes that suggest suspect was known to terror police: Hand written comments show person... 'Islamophobia hasn't killed anyone': Tony Abbott slams officials for soft response to terror as he calls for... 'He looked like a f*****g Muslim terrorist': Straight-talking Australian describes how he was stabbed in the... Hero journalist who tweeted 'it isn't happening on my watch' before using his martial arts skills to tackle... ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge attack with sick posts vowing more terror  'I saw a man carrying knives and I just started running. He was less than 10ft behind me': Trainee nurse,... 'Don't confuse grief with lack of courage': Britain hits back against New York Times claims nation is 'still... 'This is for my family, this is for Islam': Mother reveals what deluded Jihadi knifeman yelled as he plunged... Little Mix are criticised for their 'naked' stage outfits at family-friendly One Love benefit concert Bystander caught in police crossfire was shot in the head as officers fired 'unprecedented 50 rounds of... Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am slammed after forgetting what city he's in at Manchester... Police officer steals the hearts of millions as he dances hand-in-hand with young girls in the crowd during... 'Every day 90 people are dying from gun violence': Gabby Giffords slams Trump for using London terror attack... MORE HEADLINES Arsenal jihadi 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as he asked a neighbour about hiring a van: Father of two, who had worked for London Transport and hid his hated of Western values behind 'nice guy' mask, tried to 'radicalise children' 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim said to her during Manchester concert Hero neighbor shoots knife-wielding father dead as he tries to drown his three-month-old twin babies in the bathtub  'Piece of s***': President Trump comes under fire over tweets about reinforcing the travel just hours after London terror attack Trump condemns London Mayor after terror attack: President blasts Sadiq Khan for saying there's 'no reason to be alarmed' after seven died and ridicules 'politically correct' response Family pay tribute to Canadian woman killed in terror attack who volunteered at homeless shelters and moved to Europe to live with her fiance  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort as they continue their whirlwind Australian honeymoon KATIE HOPKINS: You’re right, Theresa. We cannot go on like this. But do you have the balls to do what’s REALLY needed and lock up the 3,000 terror suspects tomorrow? Armed police arrest 12 - including four women - at East London tower block in connection with terror attack as officers swoop on a flat above a Paddy Power shop less than a mile away  The Google employee and his wife who lived in a $2,000 RV in the company's parking lot for TWO YEARS to save money so they could afford to buy a real home Dressed to the nines! The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Jeremy Corbyn accuses Theresa May of ignoring terror warnings when she cut 20,000 police officers and claims she is suppressing a report about Saudi funding of extremists Another fanatic slips through the net: Killer jihadi, 27, 'radicalised by YouTube' was known to police and filmed arguing with officers after unfurling an ISIS flag in a park in a Channel 4 documentary 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin in a series of tweets and insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' Trump faces furious backlash over his tweet condemning London Mayor just hours after London terror attack Harrowing dashcam footage reveals trail of devastation on London Bridge with victims laid strewn across the road as people ran for their lives  More than 100 Muslims gather outside Trump Tower to pray in protest against the president's immigration policies I saw three jihadis shot dead - bang, bang, bang: Dramatic pictures taken by eyewitness who was just yards away show moment eight police cut down terrorists in a hail of 50 bullets  'Stay with me, please, I love you': Bystanders rush to save the lives of injured pedestrians on London Bridge as one woman is heard begging her loved one to 'hold on' while paramedics give CPR  'Nothing stops a Canadian from mowing his lawn': Man does a spot of gardening while a TORNADO rages just yards away Former Michigan ME is NOT convinced Chris Cornell committed suicide and says the rocker's death 'could have been an accident' Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' 'He's a soldier': Father-of-three stabbed FOUR times by Jihadis is pictured bloodied but unbowed in a hospital bed after doctors saved his life - as an angry friend calls on Sadiq Khan to resign over the London Bridge attack  Smash hit Wonder Woman makes $101.4MILLION over the weekend as it becomes highest-grossing film by a female director EVER ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge attack with sick posts vowing more terror  Body of Manchester terror victim Eilidh MacLeod, 14, is repatriated to the Outer Hebrides ahead of the first funeral since the attack Chilling footage shows blood-soaked victims of London Bridge attack desperately hiding from terrorists in a Borough Market pub  PIERS MORGAN: Mrs May talks tough now but what did she do when she was in charge of the Home Office? She cut police numbers by 20,000. And now we’re paying the price in blood. MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending Today’s Paper Subscriptions Newsletter Daily Deals Twin Cities Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending Mills Fleet Farm launches expansion plan, aims… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) OUR PICKS: Central getting cheated? New Woodbury cinema Crayola Experience stays Deer population is rising Wally McCarthy, 94, dies Lowertown seafood, sushi Hunting to get more pink Best patio dining 2017 News Business Mills Fleet Farm launches expansion plan, aims to double its size within 6 years Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) (Wikimedia Commons) By Rick Romell | Milwaukee Journal Sentinel PUBLISHED: June 4, 2017 at 12:50 pm | UPDATED: June 4, 2017 at 4:19 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Most Popular In a last text, she said, ‘Love you too.’ Then the St. Paul professional singer died in a car crash. Woman shot in chest while waiting in line at Pizza Luce Charley Walters: The way he’s hitting, Joe Mauer might have a .300 season for Twins Wally McCarthy, car-selling wizard of the Twin Cities, dies at 94 Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers go out with a bang on what could be their last tour Body found in Lake Minnetonka ID’d as Blaine man Mills Fleet Farm, the Appleton, Wis.-based chain of sprawling stores packed with down-home goods ranging from poultry grit and PVC pipe to bib overalls and Muck Boots, is poised for a growth spurt. To date, the retailer’s expansion has been gradual, adding six stores in the last 10 years, to bring its count to 36. But now the company has launched an effort that could double that number in five to six years and take Mills into new territory. Related Articles Wally McCarthy, car-selling wizard of the Twin Cities, dies at 94 Unemployment rate falls to 16-year low, but hiring slows Harley recalls bikes, says oil line can detach and cause crash Buffalo Wild Wings CEO out; activists get seats on board Downtown St. Paul tower’s office space goes on the market “Our goal and objective as a company is to grow, and we have a strong growth plan,” executive vice president and chief operating officer Hugh Leasum said. Wisconsin, home to 18 Mills stores, will see a good share of that growth. The company is looking at several possible sites for new stores here, Leasum said. That, and the strong possibility that Mills will expand into Illinois, could bring the retailer into closer competition with the similarly named but separate Blain’s Farm & Fleet, a Janesville, Wis.-based chain that sells some of the same types of merchandise. Historically, there has been little overlap in the territories of the two retailers. The great majority of Mills stores are in eastern and central Wisconsin, and in Minnesota. The great majority of the 38 Blain’s stores are in southern and southwestern Wisconsin, and in northern Illinois. But Mills already plans stores for Oconomowoc — between Blain’s locations in Waukesha and Watertown — and in Kenosha, about 12 miles from a Blain’s store in Sturtevant. The Mills growth effort follows the purchase of the formerly family-owned company in February 2016 by private-equity firm KKR & Co. It’s not surprising that KKR wants to expand the Mills footprint, said Anne Brouwer, a senior partner with Chicago-based retail consultant McMillanDoolittle. “When you’ve got somebody taking something over, they’re looking for growth, they’re going to start adding stores,” Brouwer said. “There’s not a whole lot more they could pack in to the locations that they have.” Further, the continuing weakness across much of brick-and-mortar retail could mean lower real estate costs for firms that are doing well enough to expand, Hart Posen, a business professor at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, said by email. Mills doesn’t disclose revenue numbers. However, Leasum said the trend over the last few years has been positive. “That’s why we’re building stores,” he said. Those stores are big. Where the largest Blain’s is 169,000 square feet, the newer Mills locations typically cover 185,000 square feet — more than the average Wal-Mart supercenter. The store in Grand Chute, near Appleton, comes in at more than 250,000 square feet. The Mills stores are also, as Brouwer suggested, piled high with merchandise — outdoor and work clothing, auto parts, animal feed, tools, building materials, hunting and fishing gear, and dozens of varieties of Fleet Farm-branded bagged nuts. It all makes for something like the modern equivalent of a general store. “I love it,” Andy McKenna, 38, of Colgate, said last week as he left the Germantown Fleet Farm with his wife, Robyn, and their children, Lauryn, 4, and Ayden, 2. The McKennas stop in two or three times a month, sometimes more often. This visit they purchased some items for the kids. The time before, it was shoes, trailer hitches and motor oil. Mills is also where they buy food for their animals — two dogs, a cat and some newly hatched chicks. “They’ve got everything you need,” said McKenna, an electrical contractor. “The fishing selection here, it’s like Cabela’s, damn near.” The breadth and depth of Mills’ assortment of merchandise was a key factor attracting KKR’s attention, said Derick Prelle, managing partner at KKR Capstone. He said KKR, whose other holdings include Toys “R” Us, the 230-store Academy Sports + Outdoors chain and ride-hailing service Lyft, looks for three things in potential acquisitions: excellent management, ability to grow and an approach to business that sets it apart. KKR will look first to add stores in the four states where Mills already operates — Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa and North Dakota — then expand to their neighbors, Prelle said. Among those, of course, is Illinois — prime Blain’s country. Asked whether she views Mills’ expansion plans as a threat, Blain’s public relations coordinator Dormie Roberts paused for a few seconds, then said, “I don’t think so, because we are our own company, we are strong in what we do, they are strong in what they do, and I don’t see them that way.” Both chains date to 1955, and many people believe they once were under common ownership. That’s not the case, Roberts said. Rather, she said, separate families started each firm, but both originally belonged to the same cooperative. “And they had an agreement saying that we’ll be Farm & Fleet and you guys can be Fleet Farm,” Roberts said. Not surprisingly, now that Mills is owned by a large investment firm, Blain’s is stressing its hometown heritage. “They’re the private equity company,” Roberts said. “What we’re trying to do is just really try to stick to our roots. We’re still family-owned.” Mills, meanwhile, stresses the size and range of its merchandise assortment. “There’s no place that has the breadth and depth … that Mills does,” Prelle said. Coinciding with its expansion plans, Mills is building a new, $65 million distribution center in Chippewa Falls. The 1.1 million-square-foot plant, which will get $10 million in tax incremental financing from the city, is expected to employ 325 people after it opens next year. At the same time, some 150 to 200 jobs could be lost at Mills’ distribution center in Appleton, the Appleton Post-Crescent reported in April. People losing jobs in Appleton could transfer to Chippewa Falls, and receive a $2,500 relocation payment, a document obtained by the Post-Crescent indicated. Tags:  Business News Wisconsin Rick Romell As you comment, please be respectful of other commenters and other viewpoints. Our goal with article comments is to provide a space for civil, informative and constructive conversations. We reserve the right to remove any comment we deem to be defamatory, rude, insulting to others, hateful, off-topic or reckless to the community. See our full terms of use here. View Comments blog comments powered by Disqus More in Business On the Money: Heading to college in the fall? You’ll need a bigger piggybank June 03, 2017, 11:53 pm If you’re heading off to college, prepare to dig a little deeper into your pockets. Borrowing money to pay for higher education is becoming more expensive. In July, interest rates will climb on the federal loans students take on to pay for college this fall. Rates on undergraduate Stafford loans are jumping to 4.45 percent, from the current 3.76 percent.... Read More Business People: Sunday, June 4 June 03, 2017, 4:49 pm ADVERTISING/PUBLIC RELATIONS Minneapolis agency Martin Williams Advertising is celebrating its 70th anniversary this year by introducing its “Be Curious” initiative and launching a new corporate website, www.martinwilliams.com. Martin Williams also received a National Agri-Marketing Association first place award for its work on a one-minute radio spot for Syngenta Golden Harvest seed, as well as a merit award for its multimedia campaign for Syngenta’s Trivapro... Read More Startup Showcase: Selling the arts and crafts of good cheese June 03, 2017, 2:56 pm Americans love cheese. Multiple surveys by the U.S. Department of Agriculture show that Americans’ cheese consumption continues to grow. Yet though it’s a long-established staple of our diets, cheese also continues to be trendy. The National Restaurant Association’s “What’s Hot 2017 Culinary Forecast” lists the top up-and-coming trends on restaurant menus for 2017, as predicted by professional chefs. In the... Read More Real World Economics: Mercantilist sentiments are dangerous nonsense June 04, 2017, 2:31 pm Some erroneous ideas die hard. That diseases are caused by “miasmas” no longer influences doctors. Farmers no longer believe, as the Greeks did, that the west wind somehow impregnates mares. But mercantilism, the erroneous notion that exports are inherently good and imports always bad is not only alive and well in the general populace, but has a grip on the... Read More Your Money: 3 moves you should make in the 3 years before you retire June 03, 2017, 2:07 pm Life’s major milestones — graduations, births, weddings and cross-country moves — all require a certain amount of preparation. Retirement is no different. That’s why we believe it’s important for people to meet with a financial adviser several years before they retire so you can jump right into the retired life once you’re ready. If you’re thinking about retiring sometime in... Read More Working Strategies: The basics of job search June 03, 2017, 1:41 pm Do you find yourself confused or overwhelmed when it comes to job search? If yes, I’d make a guess that you’re in the majority. Somehow the process of finding employment has only become more puzzling, even as resources to advise the job seeker have multiplied. I was reminded of this paradox recently while reviewing my summer speaking schedule and the... Read More Today’s Paper Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Home News Sports Opinion Things to Do Obituaries Weather Lottery Commenting rules Special Advertising Sections Classifieds Autos Homes Jobs Careers Contact Us Customer service Newsroom Contacts Advertise with us Photo reprints Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 9 hrs 9 mins S&P 500 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Dow 30 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) How Trump Is Surrendering America's Soft Power Meghan L O'Sullivan Bloomberg June 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share LONDON, ENGLAND - NOVEMBER 29: A giant globe shaped ice crem melts over a cone during the London Climate March as part of march events around the globe on the same day on November 29, 2015 in London, England. On the eve of the UN Climate Summit in Paris, people across the world are taking to the streets to call for a climate agreement which will deliver a 100% renewable energy future. The London march has been billed as the biggest out of all the 2,200 due to take place around the world. (Photo by Chris Ratcliffe/Getty Images)More President Donald Trump's decision to remove the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement is yet another manifestation -- alongside the budget submitted to Congress and the president's speech at NATO headquarters in Brussels -- of how he continues to see U.S. interests as narrowly economic, and U.S. influence as exerted solely through hard power. Had the president a more expansive view of both the nation's interests and influence, he would have kept the U.S. in the accord. Instead, he not only harmed global efforts to address a pressing problem, but also deprived the U.S. of an important source of so-called soft power. In a world in which military might is increasingly difficult and costly to use, America will suffer from this loss.  More from Bloomberg.com: Trump to Exit Climate Pact as Allies Deride Call for Do-Over My Harvard colleague Joe Nye coined the term soft power, defining it simply as "the ability to get what you want through attraction rather than coercion or payments." According to Nye, the soft power of a country depends largely on three components: its culture, its political values, and how it conducts itself in the world and at home. To the extent that these three factors are attractive to others, a country can wield considerable sway abroad. This soft power complements more traditional notions of hard power: the military, the economy, and coercive elements of policy. Contrary to a view in which the U.S. cows or pressures others into doing its bidding through its military power alone, it has long relied on soft power to shape the world in a way conducive to its interests. For instance, this year marks the 70th anniversary of the Marshall Plan, an initiative the U.S. took to help rebuild Europe, including Germany, after the devastation of World War II. During the Cold War, the attractiveness of U.S. ideas, values, and policies helped inspire those living under Soviet rule to oppose it, and allowed the U.S. to sustain alliances in the face of decades-long pressure from Moscow. More from Bloomberg.com: Wal-Mart Asks Employees to Deliver Packages on Their Way Home The U.S. had, and continues to have, many sources of soft power, be it our technologies, universities that attract hundreds of thousands of foreign students each year, or many elements of our popular culture. But a new and significant source of soft power was U.S. leadership on an issue that virtually every country in the world cares enough about to have devised a national action plan: climate change. While the U.S. cannot claim all the credit for producing the Paris accord, the Barack Obama administration was widely seen as having been a critical driver. America became the champion of many countries that view climate change as an urgent, if not existential, problem. This global goodwill was extinguished overnight with Trump's announcement -- and with it, the countless ways in which the U.S. could have leveraged it to achieve other, non-climate related goals. More from Bloomberg.com: Trump Takes Battle Over Travel Ban to Nation’s Highest Court The most specific and likely most important example of how this will affect tangible American interests is with the relationship with China. Much has already been said about how Washington, in withdrawing from the Paris agreement, has handed China a geopolitical gift by ceding global leadership role to Beijing. Trump's abdication is no doubt welcomed by Chinese President Xi Jinping, who is making a big push to increase Chinese soft power in the world -- even speaking of it in these terms. But what few appreciate is how climate was one of a perilously small number of issues on which Washington and Beijing had managed to build a cooperative relationship. Perhaps ironically, the boom in U.S. shale gas production helped the U.S. bring down the country's 2015 per-capita carbon emissions to a level not seen since the early 1960s. This helped give the Obama administration credibility when it approached Chinese officials to forge a bilateral agreement in which both countries would commit to reining in carbon emissions. This 2014 agreement was followed by three additional joint climate pacts and other initiatives -- such as the U.S.-China Clean Energy Research Center -- that have been the basis for constructive cooperation between two countries otherwise mired in tense and suspicious relations. Read More The hope was not only that the partnership between the U.S. and China would be good for the environment and climate, but that the personal relationships and mechanisms built through this engagement would have positive spillover effects into more tendentious issues. With tensions high on the Korean Peninsula and in the South China Sea, and with Russian President Vladimir Putin aggressively seeking to position Moscow as a better partner than Washington, removing one of the few points of common interest and real cooperation between the U.S. and China is nothing short of folly -- even if you cared not an iota about climate. President Trump had other options than simply declaring the costs of meeting climate targets too high for the U.S. Given the inefficiencies and costs associated with Obama's Clean Power Plan, Trump might have instead galvanized Americans -- through more funding for research and development and other policies -- to find better ways of meeting U.S. pledges made in Paris. Such innovations could have themselves been both an economic boon to the U.S. and a source of soft power if shared with countries struggling worldwide to meet climate challenges. Now that would have truly made America great again.  This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners. More from Bloomberg.com Trump’s Paris Exit Leaves Him Isolated From C-Suites to Capitals S&P, Moody's Downgrade Illinois to Near Junk, Lowest Ever for a U.S. State What Did Trump Just Do? The Paris Climate Withdrawal Explained Read How Trump Is Surrendering America's Soft Power on bloombergview.com Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next US embassy in London directly contradicts Trump's Twitter attack on London's mayor Business Insider Osteens Finally Clear Up The Controversial Rumors TheBlaze.comSponsored The Latest: GOP senator says Trump served with info out Associated Press President Trump admits his executive order is a ban and somewhere, his lawyers are crying Mashable CNN hosts makes 'racist' comment to 12-year-old Spelling Bee Champion The Independent Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored London Bridge Attack: CNN Host Calls Trump a 'Piece of S---' for Response to Terror Incident Newsweek In San Francisco, $160,000 gets you a storage locker Yahoo Finance 'Aren't you focusing on the wrong thing?': Anchors grill EPA administrator over leaving Paris agreement Business Insider This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored Married couples have 81 ways to claim Social Security. Here's how to maximize your benefits CNBC What to watch in the markets in the week ahead Yahoo Finance Video Gmail 'Smart Reply' feature is a reminder Google scans your email Yahoo Finance An Insane Card Offering A 0% APR Until August 2018 NextAdvisorSponsored 'I sit back and wait for them to fire me': A former Googler explains the secret to success over 15 years at the company Business Insider What you need to know in markets this week Yahoo Finance Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US mark: With what we are seeing no travel ban is just nuts. The constitution is not a suicide pact. Nor is compassion a reason to commit suicide. The president's job is to protect ALL Americans. This notion of an acceptable level of terrorism amongst politicians has to end. Even one death is too many if there was anyway to stop it. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.1k
Discount Diva: Happy memories of bygone stores - The Buffalo News Columns Sections Home Local News Sports Bills Sabres High Schools High Schools Scoreboard Colleges Bisons and Baseball Bucky and Sully Bandits Soccer Outdoors WNY Auto Racing NCAA Basketball Bills Sabres Sabres 2016-17 season Gusto Food and Drink Music Festivals Theater Family Movies Comedy Art Dance Deaths Death Submissions Last 24 Hours E-edition Business Crime Editorials Education Events Calendar Submit Event Photo Galleries Politics PolitiFact New York TV and Media Weather Forecast Weddings Submit Announcement Submit Golden Anniversary WNY History [BN] Ads Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars Special Sections Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds Contests Communities Erie County Amherst Buffalo Hamburg Lancaster Town of Tonawanda Niagara County Health and Fitness Lifestyles Books Fashion Gardening Home and Style NeXt Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Adam Zyglis State Search Sign In Subscribe Manage Account Logout Discount Diva: Happy memories of bygone stores Sattler’s opened as a one-room shoe store called the Broadway Market Shoe House in 1889, Sattler’s grew into a six-location department store chain. (Buffalo News file photo) By Samantha Christmann Published Sun, Jun 4, 2017 SHARE TWEET EMAIL In the 1940s, a teenaged Norma Unher worked at Siegel's Millinery on Main Street for 35 cents an hour. She and her friends would go to lunch at either MacDoel's or the Oppenheim Collins' Top of the Town restaurant. "We would order shrimp salads, tasting shrimp for the first time and dreaming of it ever after," Unher wrote. They always wore hats and gloves, dresses, sensible shoes and girdles to hold up their stockings. After lunch, they would hit L.L. Berger, Flint and Kent, J.N. Adams, AM&As, "and as many others before our stamina ran out." Sometimes, they would simply take in a movie. "Now, at 88, I still get excited about having a shrimp salad," Unher said. "I only wear hats to keep warm or keep the sun away. I watch movies on Netflix or Amazon and shop mostly on the internet. I still go out to lunch with friends, walking with our canes or walkers. But I have happy memories of those days." I recently wrote about long-gone stores I miss, and asked you to share your favorite retail memories. Boy, did you guys come through: I received hundreds of replies via email, Facebook and Twitter. It's amazing how dearly we hold our memories of shopping trips past. Readers spoke about now-defunct stores the way they might speak about old friends. Annette Sansone of Cheektowaga fondly remembers buying wool Adler socks for $1 and Scholl's wooden sandals for $5 at Achter's on Chippewa Street in the 1950s. To this day, Cheektowaga resident Audrey Friedrich's favorite knife is a long, serrated one she bought at Pete & Larry's for $1.97. Mark DePalma of Hamburg remembers Two Guys across from Walden Galleria (which was then a VFW Post), W.T. Grant's (which later became the site of the Super Flea Market and is now Walmart) and Twin Fair (which became Gold Circle and is now HSBC). Across the street from Twin Fair was a drive-in theater, whose movies he tried to watch through binoculars from his home a mile away. "For me as a kid, Walden Avenue was like Rodeo Drive," DePalma wrote. Others recall S.S. Kresge, which later became Kmart; AM&As, which was sold to BonTon in 1995, and Hens and Kelly, which existed for 90 years but lives on in the minds of Western New York shoppers. Here are some other retail memories readers cherish. LL Bergers flourished and expanded locally before declaring bankruptcy and closing its doors in 1991. (Buffalo News file photo) L.L. Berger Bernadette Ruof of Williamsville said visiting L.L. Berger was like a trip to Manhattan. She remembers the nozzle in the store's facade that would emit "the classiest, most beautiful" fragrance as she walked by, enticing her to shop. Michelle Trimper from Town of Tonawanda thought Berger's was "New York City, Paris and Milan, all rolled into one beautifully magical store." Chris Taube, now of California, remembers trying on clothes for hours or just sitting in the ladies' lounge. Laurie Glieco of Amherst is still wearing a winter coat she bought at Berger's a year before the department store closed. The store's retail prices were high, she said, but "sales often made Berger's the most reasonable store in town." Nothing beats West Seneca resident Cherie Messore's story. In 1970, her mom ordered one of the store's signature cotton, monogrammed blouses for her to wear with a navy blue skirt for her school's orchestra concert. Days before Christmas, she received word the blouse wouldn't be ready for the holiday. "Lo and behold, on Christmas morning, Mr. Lou Berger himself pulled up to our house with a car full of deliveries and presented the beautifully wrapped box to my mother, thanking her for her patience and for being a good customer," she wrote. The Wm. Hengerer Co. was founded in Buffalo in 1876 and merged with Rochester-based Sibley’s in 1981. (Buffalo News file photo) The William Hengerer Co. Diane Sterbak of Amherst misses the Hengerer's location at Main Street and Eggert Road. "It was free standing. You either found what you wanted or you didn't. Then you got into your car and went home. No endless mall wandering until you forgot where you parked your car," she wrote. She also loved the restaurant upstairs – always hoping for a window table – and still holds its chicken sandwich as her "standard measurement for excellence." She misses its lemon-filled, white layer cake with coconut frosting, too. Twin Fair Gayle and Cecil Davis of Clarence liked Twin Fair for its inexpensive groceries, toiletries and clothing back when the couple was first starting out. Tricia Hirschbeck of Kenmore remembers getting her school supplies at the Niagara Falls Boulevard location in the 1960s and bought her first fringe purse there with babysitting money. Paul Schrems of Canton remembers waiting for his dad, the manager, to "come down the long stairs from the office with the big window overlooking the sales floor." Living in Warsaw and hearing the Twin Fair commercials on the radio, Becky Arcese of Depew never dreamed she would actually visit one. "It was like Disney; I'd heard about it but never anticipated going," she wrote. "Then my dad, an Episcopal priest, got called to Trinity in Lancaster and bam! We were in the Promised Land." Twin Fair eventually became Gold Circle, which has its fair share of admirers. But Arcese wasn't a fan. "Yuck. No air conditioning in the summer and they treated their employees like slaves," she wrote. Twin Fair opened its first location on Walden Avenue in 1956. (Buffalo News file photo) Some Gold Circle stores converted to the Hills banner. "As soon as you smelled burnt popcorn and sauerkraut, you knew you were at Hills," wrote Ann Winter of Lewiston. Winter's children made fun of her for buying cotton candy at Hills for 47 cents and bringing it with her to Darien Lake, where it cost more than $2. But she had the last laugh. "The money I saved, I spent on Game Boy games at Media Play – another store from the past," she wrote. Neisner's Rochester-based Neisner's opened in 1911. Carol J. Russell of Amherst remembers walking there with cousins from her home on Buffalo's lower West Side in the late 1950s. "We loved the lunch counter at Neisner's with its tall plastic glasses of lemonade, and grilled cheese sandwiches," Russell wrote. "We would shoot the paper straw covers at each other across the lunch counter." They also bought Mother's and Father's Day gifts there and, of course, toys; saving their pennies "until we had enough to take our treasures home," she wrote. Neisner's eventually created the Big N stores, an earlier version of today's big boxes, which were also a big hit with readers. Neisner's filed bankruptcy in 1977 and sold to Ames in 1978. Sattler's Who could forget Sattler's? Not J.S. from Grand Island, who remembers going downstairs for groceries. The groceries were put in the family's homemade shopping bags and loaded into the car. That was before the family headed to Kobacker's, Dixie's Hat Shop and Norban's, "where you tried clothes on in the aisles." "If things went well, we got a custard cone and my mother would get her favorite bridge mix candy," J.S. wrote. Brand Names Judi Mietlicki of Cheektowaga still rides the stationary bike she bought at Brand Names more than 30 years ago. But she isn't the only fan in her family. When her nephew was young and she asked which Christmas carol was his favorite, he sang the company's Christmas jingle: "Bring Brand Names home for the holidays." Brand Names was one of Janet Miles' favorites, too. "You had the catalog to browse at your leisure at home, dog earring the pages of all your favorites and when you finally had enough money, you went to the store (mine was at the Southgate plaza), filled out your order form, slipped it into the box," said Miles, of Springville. Vix Deep Discount and Pharmacy A surprising number of readers waxed nostalgic about this Tops-owned pharmacy, including Suzanne Masterson from Town of Tonawanda. "Vix was a discount drug store, but so much more than that," she wrote. "Some of the branches had a low-priced fine jewelry department. I purchased several beautiful things such as 14-karat gold bracelets and earrings." Readers raved about Vix's beauty and cosmetics departments, as well as its bargain section. They loved the Freddy's drug stores, too, which Tops acquired in 1993 before selling both it and Vix in 1999. Fischmann's Peg Johnson of West Seneca remembers walking Seneca Street with her family. Her favorite store was Fischmann's on the corner of Seneca and Buffum Streets. It had two levels – bargain bins on the first, where she got her first doll. "Fischmann's had a soda stand right in the center of the store and, if we behaved, our mother would get us a soda to share, she wrote. "It came in a paper cup inside a silver stand with a straw and it was the highlight of the day. We sat on the revolving stools taking turns sipping our soda." The Sample was founded on Hertel Avenue in 1928, (Buffalo News file photo) The Sample shop As a teenager with a summer job in 1964, Susan Nablo couldn't wait to shop at The Sample shop on Payne Avenue in North Tonawanda. It's where she bought her first London fog raincoat and got her first credit card. After she moved away, Sample was always her first stop on visits home. "I would always head to the mecca, the mother lode on Hertel Avenue," she wrote. "Everything was well displayed and organized. It was truly my favorite." Many readers also remember Sample as the only place to get Bastad Clogs outside of Canada. F.W. Woolworth Co. A reader who calls himself Hodge Elmwood fondly remembers the doughnuts at Woolworth's snack counter, particularly the ones covered with orange-flavored glaze and bits of orange. Don Vidler, owner of Vidler's 5 and 10 in East Aurora is fascinated by the origins of Buffalo's Knox family, of Albright-Knox Art Gallery fame. Seymour Knox was encouraged by his first cousin, Frank Woolworth, to open what would become the very successful S. H. Knox Co. 5 and 10 chain. Those stores were later folded into Woolworth's, and Knox landed on the company's board of directors. "The original Knox millions came from nickels and dimes," Vidler wrote. "I always ask my dad where we went wrong. Knox 5 and 10 lead to sports franchise ownership, Walton’s 5 and 10 became WalMart, and I’m still unloading trucks and sweeping up spilled popcorn." D&K Judy Wilder misses D&K, where a changing mix of items was displayed simply on tables or in bins. The towels were a mainstay. "If you didn't mind mixing and matching, you could get high quality towels for a bargain price," she wrote. "When I moved into my new home, all the towels came from D&K." Have a Heart. As a middle school girl in the 1980s, Cheri Beitz loved the Have a Heart shop at the Rainbow Mall in Niagara Falls. It featured "all things rainbow, hearts and pink," including stickers, pencils, stationery and Hello Kitty trinkets. "My friends and I would save our money for the big trip to Niagara Falls," the Orchard Park resident wrote. "It took forever to select the perfect item and we dreamed of filling our rooms with everything they sold." Fred Roneker's Janice Schlau of Williamsville remembers a place called Fred Roneker's which guaranteed lifetime alterations. She's disappointed the store is no longer around to fulfill that guarantee. "My marriage partner bought his wedding suit there and still owns it," she wrote. "Sure could have let the waist out a size or two!"   Click here to see the comments. Add yours now! Recent Stories Around the web Quick Links Contact Us Privacy Policy Sitemap FAQ Contests Manage Subscription Advertise with Us Newsletters AM Top Stories PM Top Stories Business Sports Gusto Breaking News Death Notices Sign Up Our Websites Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars [BN] Ads Special Sections Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds © 1999 - 2017 - The Buffalo News copyright-protected material
MOVIES Can America's moviegoing habit be saved? The past, present and uncertain future of the multiplex Opinion Op-Ed Op-Ed Amazon.com is a 21st century deal with the devil Paul Sakuma / Associated Press Amazon.com packages on a UPS truck in Palo Alto, Calif. on Oct. 18, 2010. Amazon.com packages on a UPS truck in Palo Alto, Calif. on Oct. 18, 2010. (Paul Sakuma / Associated Press) Amy Koss I count 11 deserted shops at the Eagle Rock mall. The ghosts of their signs appear eerily above their chained doors. With a few other lost souls, I wander past blank kiosks, witnesses to the mall’s dark descent. I think I detect a slight sulfur smell. In the past, the devil offered endless love or glamorous fame to tempt the weak. But in a world of dating sites and apps, love is only a swipe away and YouTube fame requires no more than a goofy pet. So what would Satan offer Americans today to win our souls? How about easy consumption? It’s not ambition he needs to appeal to, but our acquisitiveness and sloth. He can show us a picture of a thing — a book, a bauble, a sweater, a vacuum cleaner — and ask three questions: “Do you want it?” Even if we don’t click yes, we can scroll past to the next item, and the next, all offered with equal enthusiasm and zero judgement, unlike the cranky, now unemployed sales clerk who used to work at the mall. What would Satan offer Americans today to win our souls? How about easy consumption? “Do you want it cheap? Less than anywhere else? (And no need to actually touch the filthy lucre or do math. I'll handle that.)” “Do you want it now? (I’ll leave it right at your door, so you don’t have to acknowledge another soul during the entirety of this transaction.)” To which we the people have answered, “Yes! Oh, yes!” And the devil, manifest as Amazon.com, smiles. So it has come comes to pass that mom & pops and department stores, boutiques and shops, grocery stores and post offices are vanishing in a trail of scorched hoof prints. Now the retail giants are stumbling to their knees. They’re offering deals and deeper discounts, closing branches, consolidating staff, trying to fend off the inevitable. We can solemnly recite the roll of the dead, dying and struggling: Macy’s, Sports Authority, Walmart, Kmart, Office Depot, JCPenney, Bebe, Payless Shoe Source, American Eagle, Chicos, Ann Taylor, Rue 21, Gap, Sears, Radio Shack, Game Stop, Staples, BCBG, Men’s Wearhouse, the Limited, Crocs, Guess, Abercrombie & Fitch, Wet Seal… According to the feds, there have been 60,000 retail jobs lost in just the last two months. Beelzebub’s blood bath began with books, remember? First came the massacre of specialty and small, independent bookstores. Then he smote Borders, Crown, Brentano’s and B. Dalton, followed by the crippling of Barnes & Noble. Andrea Vuleta, executive director of the Southern California Independent Booksellers Assn., doesn’t think Lucifer makes much money off books. She thinks he wants our “information” to sell us everything else, and to get his technology into our houses so we will order laundry detergent and toilet paper with the push of a button. The bookstores didn’t entirely disappear. Cary Lore of Michigan’s Book Beat points out that bricks and mortar establishments still offer things you just can’t do online. “We actually read and care about books,” he said. In regard to Amazon, he sighed: “There’s no defense or revenge. We just have to live with it.” According to Maureen Palacios, owner of Once Upon a Time, a children’s bookstore in Montrose, Calif., Christmas is the worst time for “show rooming.” That’s when non-regulars come in to do their gift research, examining the books in the store, then go home and order them from Amazon. Watching the bookstore die-off in horror back then, I wondered if it would end in writers’ losing all control over the written word. If the devil hated cats, say, would that mean the end of publication or sales of books that mention cats? It hasn’t happened yet, but the sinister possibility looms — every choice we make among newspapers, magazines, music, movies, television, fashion, furniture, gadgets, accessories, toys, cameras, dildos and groceries can be accessed by some Big Data decision maker. A terrifying piece on NPR’s Radio Lab described the work day of “pickers,” the benighted thousands who rush around filling online orders, enabling our laziness and greed. They labor in “fulfillment centers” the size of 17 football fields. These poor souls are timed and monitored, driven to toil without rest like the damned in hell. Back at my disappearing mall, I flee the emptiness of the corridor into one of the few remaining stores. Indicating the wasteland outside the door, I ask the sole surviving saleswoman what happened. She shrugs. "Everything in the store is 60% to 80% off,” she tells me. “Closing sale!" Amy Koss is the author of “Side Effects” and many other books for teens. Caption Abortion foes want to defund Planned Parenthood. This week's release of "Wonder Woman" is a test for Warner Bros. and Hollywood. The U.S. military put its missile defense system to the test. China is the world's largest greenhouse gas emitter. There's still a line, and Kathy Griffin found it. The city of L.A. got serious about battling homelessness in 2015, before reality hit. Angeli, the 1,000-ton, 400-foot-long tunnel-boring machine, has finally seen daylight. Abortion foes want to defund Planned Parenthood. This week's release of "Wonder Woman" is a test for Warner Bros. and Hollywood. The U.S. military put its missile defense system to the test. China is the world's largest greenhouse gas emitter. There's still a line, and Kathy Griffin found it. The city of L.A. got serious about battling homelessness in 2015, before reality hit. Angeli, the 1,000-ton, 400-foot-long tunnel-boring machine, has finally seen daylight. Caption Abortion foes want to defund Planned Parenthood. This week's release of "Wonder Woman" is a test for Warner Bros. and Hollywood. The U.S. military put its missile defense system to the test. China is the world's largest greenhouse gas emitter. There's still a line, and Kathy Griffin found it. The city of L.A. got serious about battling homelessness in 2015, before reality hit. Angeli, the 1,000-ton, 400-foot-long tunnel-boring machine, has finally seen daylight. Abortion foes want to defund Planned Parenthood. This week's release of "Wonder Woman" is a test for Warner Bros. and Hollywood. The U.S. military put its missile defense system to the test. China is the world's largest greenhouse gas emitter. There's still a line, and Kathy Griffin found it. The city of L.A. got serious about battling homelessness in 2015, before reality hit. Angeli, the 1,000-ton, 400-foot-long tunnel-boring machine, has finally seen daylight. Caption The city of L.A. got serious about battling homelessness in 2015, before reality hit. Angeli, the 1,000-ton, 400-foot-long tunnel-boring machine, has finally seen daylight. The historic Syrian city of Palmyra has emerged from Islamic State control. California Governor Jerry Brown is heading to China. The city of L.A. got serious about battling homelessness in 2015, before reality hit. Angeli, the 1,000-ton, 400-foot-long tunnel-boring machine, has finally seen daylight. The historic Syrian city of Palmyra has emerged from Islamic State control. California Governor Jerry Brown is heading to China. Caption China is the world's largest greenhouse gas emitter. There's still a line, and Kathy Griffin found it. What happened to a fishing boat called the Tammy? An L.A. skyscraper is turning into the world's longest stringed instrument. Credits: Getty / Irfan Khan / Glenn Koenig / KTLA / Francine Orr China is the world's largest greenhouse gas emitter. There's still a line, and Kathy Griffin found it. What happened to a fishing boat called the Tammy? An L.A. skyscraper is turning into the world's longest stringed instrument. Credits: Getty / Irfan Khan / Glenn Koenig / KTLA / Francine Orr Caption President Trump pulls America from the Paris climate change agreement. President Trump pulls America from the Paris climate change agreement. Caption CBS Miami’s Oralia Ortega reports. CBS Miami’s Oralia Ortega reports. Follow the Opinion section on Twitter @latimesopinion and Facebook MORE FROM OPINION I'm a neoliberal and I'm proud With an L.A. sheriff headed to federal prison, let's not forget LAPD’s lesson in police reform Trump didn't birth American intolerance. He's the manifestation of our long-disturbed national dialogue Loma Linda residents live a really, really long time. It's not because of their health insurance Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Another terror attack, another thoughtless Trump tweetstorm Devin Nunes' 'comeback' is bad for the Intelligence Committee Trump didn't birth American intolerance. He's the manifestation of our long-disturbed national dialogue Local Sports Politics Entertainment Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 64°
English   Deutsch Español (América Latina) Español (España) Français Italiano Português Nederlands Русский 日本語 中文 (简体) Client Resources Login Home Solutions Audience Analytics Overview Xmedia StationView Essentials TV Essentials Media Metrix Multi-Platform Video Metrix Multi-Platform More Activation Overview Advertising Analytics Overview validated Campaign Essentials Viewability Action Lift Brand Survey Lift Branded Entertainment More Movies Worldwide Overview Box Office Essentials International Box Office Essentials PostTrak PreAct Swift Industries Overview Agencies CPG Education Energy Financial Services Government Healthcare Investment Research Local TV Stations Manufacturing Media Movie Studios & Distributors Movie Theaters National TV Networks Operators Pharmaceutical Political Advisors Professional Services Retail Sports Marketers Technology Telecommunications Travel Insights Type Rankings Presentations & Whitepapers Blog Videos Data Mine Case Studies Events & Webinars Themes Digital Media Mobile Social Advertising TV/Video Cross-Platform Movies Commerce Stay Connected Social Email About Overview comScore Facts at a Glance Press Center Media Kit Management Investor Relations Locations Privacy Third-Party Accreditation, Certification and Review Patents Careers Overview Job Opportunities Life at comScore Teams and Roles The comScore Vision Campus Recruitment Login English Deutsch Español (América Latina) Español (España) Français Italiano Português Nederlands Русский 日本語 中文 (简体) Insights Apparel Spending Shifting to Online Channels Faster than Total Retail Dollars June 2, 2017 Apparel Spending Shifting to Online Channels Faster than Total Retail Dollars Adam Lella Senior Marketing Insights Analyst Brick-and-mortar retail stores are closing at their fastest pace in years, and it’s apparel companies that are bearing the brunt of this fallout. Despite a healthy economy and consumer sentiment more positive than at any time since the recession, several factors are contributing to the downturn in retail – perhaps the most notable being the channel shift from offline spending to online. Online apparel sales have seen a boom in recent years as consumers have gradually become more comfortable making wardrobe purchases from their computers and mobile devices. In its early days, e-commerce consumers quickly took to product categories like books and media entertainment, while Apparel & Accessories understandably had a slower adoption curve. It makes sense intuitively – there’s inherently more risk that goes with purchasing an article of clothing online than with an item where you know exactly what you’re going to get, such as a book or DVD. The apparel item might not fit or it might look different in person than in the photo. Consumers remained apprehensive about online apparel purchases for a long time, but are finally gaining comfort with it as online retailers lowered the risk through easy return policies and aggressive use of free shipping offers. As a result, the Apparel & Accessories category has grown at a faster year-over-year growth rate than total online retail for 11 of the past 13 quarters.   The net effect of this is that Apparel’s share of total digital spend has grown each of the last three years, from 15.4% in 2013 to an all-time high of 17.0% in 2016. As Apparel dollars continue to shift from brick-and-mortar stores to online channels, industry observers wonder whether we’ve reached an inflection point in retail. With a lower percentage of spending now occurring in-store, retailers may have to reevaluate whether the high fixed costs of physical retail stores are worth it.   Even Walmart, the largest brick-and-mortar retailer in the U.S, appears to be shifting more of its focus to digital, recognizing the channel as an increasingly important contributor to future growth. Over the past year, Walmart has been on an acquisition binge, largely focused on digital retailers and assets such as Jet.com, Shoebuy.com, Hayneedle, ModCloth and Shoes.com. Meanwhile, Amazon continues to search for ways to get an edge as it encroaches on brick-and-mortar. Recent years have seen Amazon focus more on the Apparel & Accessories category, and the company recently introduced a new product – the Echo Look – that seems designed to expand its foothold. The Echo Look, which uses a camera to take full-length photos, is being described by Amazon as a personal “style assistant” to help customers determine if an article of clothing fits well and looks good. Amazon is also reported to have developed a technology for taking apparel measurements by camera, an application that could potentially be integrated into the Echo Look – and which would have the added benefit of reducing the need for apparel returns. By minimizing that hassle for customers, this type of innovation could ease much of the existing friction in buying clothes online and accelerate Apparel’s channel shift from brick-and-mortar to online. Now before retailers start to panic, it’s worth mentioning that in 2017, after a couple decades of e-commerce, brick-and-mortar retail sales still outnumber online sales at a ratio of more than 4-to-1, per the Department of Commerce and comScore data. To adapt to the changing landscape, traditional brick-and-mortar retailers should leverage their strengths, including their valuable brands, to develop an omnichannel strategy focused on their customers’ wants and needs, whether in-store or online. For more insights on the latest online retail trends, you can download our presentation on the State of the U.S. Online Retail Economy in Q1 2017. More about Amazon e-Commerce m-Commerce Retail Stay connected Join Our Email List Get Our Mobile App Related Products e-Commerce Measurement comScore e-Commerce Measurement is the industry standard, providing the most accurate, timely and comprehensive view of consumers’ online shopping and spending behaviors.... Learn More Related Insights Case Study Understanding the Customer Journey: A Fast-Moving Consumer Goods Company... Presentation State of the U.S. Online Retail Economy in Q1 2017 Presentation Beyond Brick and Mortar: Retail in the Digital Space Presentation comScore's State of Digital, TV and IoT (2017) You are here: Home Insights Blog Apparel Spending Shifting to Online Channels Faster than Total Retail Dollars Solutions Audience Analytics Activation Advertising Analytics Movies Worldwide Industries Agencies CPG Education Energy Financial Services Government Healthcare Investment Research Local TV Stations Manufacturing Media Movie Studios & Distributors Movie Theaters National TV Networks Operators Pharmaceutical Political Advisors Professional Services Retail Sports Marketers Technology Telecommunications Travel Insights Rankings Presentations & Whitepapers Blog Videos Data Mine Case Studies Events & Webinars About comScore Facts at a Glance Press Center Media Kit Management Investor Relations Locations Privacy Third-Party Accreditation, Certification and Review Patents Careers Job Opportunities Life at comScore Teams and Roles The comScore Vision Campus Recruitment Stay connected Have Questions? Contact me now © 2017 comScore, Inc. | Privacy Policy × Close
Log In 1 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Tempo Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds log in Jail time spurred Central Medford grad to change his life Sunday Jun 4, 2017 at 12:01 AM Jun 4, 2017 at 8:21 AM Teresa Thomas Mail Tribune @teresathomas_MT After spending about two months in jail and last summer in a drug treatment program, Logan Carranza started his junior year at Central Medford High School with fewer than nine credits to his name. And in less than a year, he managed to earn the remaining 15.5 credits he needed to graduate a year early, while working full-time. Logan, 17, says staying busy is what has kept him out of trouble and away from drugs and bad friends this past year. Although born in Oregon, Logan spent the first five years of his life with his relatives and drug-addicted mom in Mexico before one of his many aunts in Woodburn took him back to the states with her. Logan lived with several aunts during his time in Woodburn. They would play hot potato with him, handing him off to the next relative when he started being obnoxious and “doing stupid things,” he says. In middle school, he started being more rebellious, and by his freshman year in high school, he was doing marijuana and hanging out with the wrong crowd. “At the beginning, I was a very good student, and from there I started f------ around and saw school as a big joke,” he says. When he came home drunk at the end of his freshman year, his aunt’s boyfriend kicked him out, and Logan couch-surfed for the next year of his life, staying with friends, siblings of friends and neighbors of friends until he wore out his welcome. “I tried my best, but high school was falling part,” he says. “It was too much stress. I had to wake up earlier to get to school because of where (my friend) lived. It used to be a 15-minute walk to school, and then it was an hour walk. I had to wake up at 6:30.” During this time, he purchased a fake ID and Social Security card for $40 and used it to get a job at Walmart. There were parties every weekend with his older friends, and “around that time I started using (hardcore) drugs, and I started going crazy.” “I totally forgot how I even started,” he says. But Logan can clearly remember moments where he felt overcome with shame about the direction of his life. One of those times was when a former soccer teammate ran into him at the skate park, where he was going to sleep, and invited him home. “(My friend’s mom) made us pancakes with milk. I hadn’t eaten, but I was so coked out I wasn’t even hungry. I remember she turned around and looked at me, and I started crying. She teared up, too. I didn’t want her to see me like this. I lived there for about a week.” Logan had friends, enemies, and friends with enemies. His life, he says, was rife with threats and fights and warnings from police officers who knew him by name. Then, one day in April last year, a fight at school landed him in jail. “That’s when I got arrested, got handcuffed,” he says. “They drove me to jail in Salem.” Fortunately, Logan had not used his brass knuckles, which were in his friend’s possession at the time, and avoided a nearly six-year prison sentence and Measure 11 assault charge. While in jail, one of the officers asked Logan what he wanted to be when he grew up. “I said, ‘A registered nurse,’ and he said, ‘Not with a felony you’re not,’” Logan says. “Those were his exact words.” Logan told his probation officer that if he was going to get his life back on track, then he couldn’t go back to his aunt’s house, back to Woodburn High School and back to his old friends. “I told him it would lead to me being back here (jail),” Logan says. As a kid, Logan had traveled to Medford to watch his cousin compete in a soccer tournament. He thought it was a nice place, so his probation officer enrolled him in a residential treatment program in Medford, which started June 13, 2016. He completed the program the first day of school, Sept. 7, and moved in with Gena Kesler, the guardian of his roommate in the program. He’s been living there ever since while attending Central Medford High School. “First of all, I had space, and second of all, it’s what I like to do to help these kids,” Kesler says. “My son, who was in OnTrack at the time, really liked him and thought he would fit in our household well.” Logan stayed at school every day until his shift at Wendy’s — later Burger King — started to avoid any social situations where he might be tempted to regress into his old ways. Principal Amy Herbst says he made up more than two years of work through online credit retrieval, online classes and passing proficiency tests. Despite his record, he had great attendance and no discipline referrals, Herbst says. “He was here every day doing what he was supposed to be doing,” she says. In January, Logan participated in some criminal activity, he says, but “got lucky” and was once again reminded of how precarious his situation was. “I wasn’t perfect all the way, but, since then I’ve been clean … and stayed focused on what I’m doing with my life,” he says. Logan plans to attend Rogue Community College this fall, courtesy of a federal grant, and hopes to earn an associate degree and then transfer to a university to pursue a bachelor’s degree in criminal justice. “I want to become a homicide detective,” he says. “It doesn’t sound like a boring job. You’re doing something new every day and plus, I like mysteries." He later jokes, “If you can’t beat them, join them." Reach education reporter Teresa Thomas at 541-776-4497 or tthomas@mailtribune.com. Follow her at www.twitter.com/teresathomas_mt. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services My Profile Reader Services Subscriptions Subscriber controls Contact us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the editor Corrections Announcements Obituaries Story ideas Since you asked Alerts Email Alerts RSS Feeds Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Home Products and services Ad rates Advertising contacts Mail Tribune Daily Tidings The Nickel Shop Our Valley Blogs Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. MailTribune.com ~ P.O. Box 1108, Medford, OR 97501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime, Courts and Emergency Services Education Environment State News Obituaries Weather Photo Galleries Politics and Elections Since You Asked Mail Tribune 100 Shareable Databases Sports College Sports Pro Sports Community Sports Prep Notebook Auto Racing Obituaries Business Real Estate News People In Business Transportation Agriculture Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Guest Opinions Lifestyle Food Home and Garden Health Hiking Biking Faith Milestones and Achievements Columnist for a Day Rogue Healthy Aging Tempo Theater Music Community Events Movies Dining More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs TV Listings Movie Listings Oregon Outdoors Oregon Healthy Living Special Sections Contests Branded Content Submit Your Announcements Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Subscriber controls Subscribe Email Alerts Text Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Advertising contacts Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 74° F Clear Wind NE at 2 MPH Pressure 1008 MB Dewpoint 35° F Visibility 9 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE Traffic Alert, June 4, 2017 By Staff Sunday, June 4, 2017 Road closures and maintenance projects may affect traffic this week: City of Grand Junction Projects with Travel Restrictions ■ First Street Reconstruction, Ouray Avenue to North Avenue:  There will be lane shifts and flaggers when needed.  Access to all businesses will be maintained. Anticipated completion is July. ■ First Street Milling, North Avenue to Orchard Avenue: Milling will take place Monday and Tuesday only. There will be lane shifts and flaggers when needed. Expect delays. ■ Fourth Street Sewer Manhole Replacement Project, North Avenue to Grand Avenue: Expect intermittent lane shifts and short-term street closures. Anticipated completion is mid-June. ■ Pavement Striping: Striping operation will take from 7 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday– Thursday. Crews will stripe streets in the area of the Rimrock Walmart, Mesa Fitness and American Furniture Warehouse. Do not cross wet paint ■ Street Crack Filling Project: Starting today, crews will fill cracks and seal roadways on 12th Street from North Avenue to Patterson Avenue.  Street will remain open during treatment and reduced to one-lane travel. Flaggers will direct motorists through work area. Anticipated completion is Wednesday. Non-City of Grand Junction Projects with Travel Restrictions     ■ 29½ Road Bridge Replacement over Grand Valley Irrigation Canal, Colorado Department of Transportation/Mesa County: 29½ Road is closed to through traffic from Orchard Avenue to Patterson Road. Access is provided for local residents. Detour route is in place.  Anticipated completion, late June. Info: 640-6129. ■ Utility Pole Replacement Project, Orchard Avenue from 12th Street to 28 Road, Xcel Energy Project: Intermittent eastbound lane closures during normal work hours. Short delays can be expected. ■ Colorado National Monument, National Park Service Project: National Park Service staff will make repairs to the rock guard walls along Rim Rock Drive at various locations throughout the monument. There will be alternating one-lane traffic through the construction zones from 7 a.m. to 4 p.m. weekdays. Expect up to 10-minute delays. Flaggers will to assist motorists. Anticipated completion is June. ■ Interstate 70 Beavertail Tunnel Lighting Project, east of Palisade, CDOT Project: Speed limit is reduced to 40 mph when flaggers are present. Eastbound Interstate 70 traffic will be detoured onto service road. No vehicle parking or bicycling on the service road. Westbound and eastbound traffic can expect single-lane closures this week. Project hours are 7 a.m. –5 p.m. weekdays. Anticipated completion is November. Info: 970-456-1481. Mesa County Projects Paving: South Broadway, Vista Grande to Colorado Highway 340; Creekside Court, Creekside Circle, Castskill Court, Rushmore Drive, Lassen Court, Chaco Court, Shenandoah Drive, Brenton Court, Carlsbad Drive, Acadia Court, Olympic Court, Bryce Court, Ranier Court, Baniff Court, McKinley Court and Colonial Drive. Shouldering: L Road, 18 Road to 20 Road; 18½ Road, M Road to M¾ Road; K Road, 21½ Road to 22½ Road; 25 Road, Grand Junction city limits to Interstate 70 overpass; 20 Road, U.S. Highway 6&50 to J Road. Chip and Seal Monday: Autumn Breeze Drive, barricade to E½ Road; Red Maple Court, cul-de-sac to Autumn Breeze Drive; Purple Ash Circlue, Autumn Breeze Drive to Autumn Breeze Drive; E½ Road, 32 Road To 33 Road. Tuesday: 29½ Road, F Road to F½ Road; 30, Road, F Road to F½ Road. Wednesday through Friday: Centennial Mobile Home Park: Hall Ave, Centennial Drive, Mesa Avenue, Placer Drive, E.24 Road, E.36 Road, Texas Avenue, Sycamore Street, Kennedy Avenue, Garfield Drive, Sandra Avenue, Mesa Avenue. COMMENTS TOP JOBS Colorado Mesa University Opportunities Registrar's OfficeRecords Manager - Reporting to the Associate Regist... Technician Jim Fuoco Motor Company is currently looking for an experiencedfo... Qi Accreditation And Compliance Manager, Rn Home Health - Ft Or Pt QI Accreditation and Compliance ManagerUtilize knowledge of health pl... Sales & Customer Service Rep Garage Flooring LLC.is seeking aSales &Customer Service Rep Medical Assistant Western SlopeThis position requires a high level of energy... Colorado Mesa University Opportunities Registrar's OfficeVeteran's Benefits Specialist – Half-t... Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2017 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
Today is Sunday June 04, 2017 KTBB Menu News Local State National World Business Political Health Show Biz Sports Weather Forecast Radar Weather Archives Sports Headlines Broadcast Schedule Scholastic All Stars Rangers Bus Trips Sitemap You Tell Me Texas Podcasts In Focus Contact Us Audio/Video    •    Listen Live Podcasts In Focus RSS Feeds Get the App! Audio Archives Special Coverage Rush Update Schedules    •    KTBB 92.1 The Team FM Deportes Sports Features    •    You Tell Me Texas Decision 2016 In Focus World Tour Find an Advertiser Scholastic All Stars Calendar of Events Trivia Quiz Lunch Break Contest Teacher of the Month Station Info    •    Logos Employment Privacy Policy Personalities Awards Sun Hours FAQ Media Kit    •    Contact Us    •    Contact Us Government Contacts Advertisers    •    Contest Rules Advertisement Advertisement Suspects Hospitalized following High-Speed Chase Posted/updated on: June 4, 2017 at 3:06 pm Print Friendly EAST TEXAS — Two suspected shoplifters are facing charges in Marshall following a high-speed chase. The suspects were identified as Erin Robinson, 29 and Whitney Williams, 24, both of Shreveport. It started just before 9:00 Friday night when Marshall Police received a call regarding a shoplifting that had just occurred at Walmart on East End Boulevard South. Responding officers spotted a car matching the description of the suspect’s vehicle and attempted to conduct a traffic stop. The driver refused to stop and fled on Highway 80 East, eventually getting onto Interstate 20. The chase ended in West Shreveport when the suspects wrecked their car. They were both transported to University Health hospital in Shreveport with serious but non-life-threatening injuries. Once released from the hospital, Robinson and Williams will be charged with evading arrest and theft. Go Back Suspects Hospitalized following High-Speed Chase Posted/updated on: June 4, 2017 at 3:06 pm Print Friendly EAST TEXAS — Two suspected shoplifters are facing charges in Marshall following a high-speed chase. The suspects were identified as Erin Robinson, 29 and Whitney Williams, 24, both of Shreveport. It started just before 9:00 Friday night when Marshall Police received a call regarding a shoplifting that had just occurred at Walmart on East End Boulevard South. Responding officers spotted a car matching the description of the suspect’s vehicle and attempted to conduct a traffic stop. The driver refused to stop and fled on Highway 80 East, eventually getting onto Interstate 20. The chase ended in West Shreveport when the suspects wrecked their car. They were both transported to University Health hospital in Shreveport with serious but non-life-threatening injuries. Once released from the hospital, Robinson and Williams will be charged with evading arrest and theft. Go Back Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement News • Weather • Media Kit • Advertisers • Contact Us • Privacy Policy • Site Map © 1999 - 2017 Copyright Gleiser Communications, LLC Home | Contact Us | Employment | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Find an Advertiser Other stations in the Gleiser Communications family include: 92.1 The Team FM | KYZS 1490AM ESPN Deportes Hosted by
Amid record violence, Baltimoreans see a city in crisis Sports Outdoors and Recreation Fireworks in the woods Cori Brown photo The Scarlet Tanager lives high in the tree tops, making it hard to find but well worth the effort. The Scarlet Tanager lives high in the tree tops, making it hard to find but well worth the effort. (Cori Brown photo) Cori BrownContact Reporter There are fireworks in our woods. They’re not the kind you normally think of but none the less they are as brilliant and as bright as any I’ve ever seen. They come in a variety of colors and in all shapes and sizes. Often they’re heard before they’re seen. As quickly as they appear, they vanish. Our woods are ablaze with the sights and sounds of migratory songbirds, some just passing through and others here to stay, nest and rear their young. For years I’ve walked in our woods and never really noticed them or their distinctive songs. It took a few emails from fellow members of the Carroll County Bird Club to make me realize what I had been missing. Week after week I got messages detailing all the wonderful birds others were seeing. I was green with envy. I had the usual suspects: blue jays (it seems there is a bumper crop of them this year), cardinals, goldfinches, house finches, catbirds, grackles, red-wing blackbirds, etc. These are fine birds and I never take them for granted but they are a bit ho-hum compared to warblers, tanagers, grosbeaks, buntings and a host of other really cool birds. Cori Brown photo The Great Crested Flycatcher is a common woodland bird with its lemon-yellow belly and loud, distinctive whistle call. The Great Crested Flycatcher is a common woodland bird with its lemon-yellow belly and loud, distinctive whistle call. (Cori Brown photo) My friend Sharon Schwemmer and I make frequent forays around the county looking for birds and sometimes we are really lucky. Quite often they are close by and in some unlikely places. The pond behind the Walmart in Hampstead has more than its share of some really neat birds, including the Common Yellowthroat. Another little hotspot is the pond next to the Jiffy Mart on Route 97, though it tends towards larger birds like Belted Kingfishers, Bald Eagles and Ospreys. Meanwhile, back in my yard, I started paying more attention on my daily 7 am walks with the dog through the woods. Soon I heard many strange songs and flashes of bright color zipping through the trees. Trying to keep all the voices straight was getting tough, not to mention binocular whiplash from trying to keep up with birds flying here, there and everywhere. It was like an IMAX movie with surround sound, only so much better. Cori Brown photo The Common Yellowthroat loves low, dense brushy vegetation and is naturally curious. The Common Yellowthroat loves low, dense brushy vegetation and is naturally curious. (Cori Brown photo) I realized quickly that I needed help with what I was seeing and hearing. That’s when I turned to my smartphone and a very neat free app called Merlin from the Cornell Lab of Ornithology. It has photos, sounds and range maps for over 500 species of birds. What started out as a garbling gaggle of noise soon became very distinctive calls and songs of individual birds. It helped to have Sharon with me on occasion, too, to give me tips on what I was hearing when I couldn’t see the birds (this happens quite often, especially since that the trees have leafed out). Now that I was much more focused on what I was hearing, I discovered that there were quite a few little jewels living in our woods. That envy I mentioned earlier soon disappeared because I had my own treasure trove to revel in. The Scarlet Tanager made the top of the list. I only saw one once on our property years ago. He was at the very top of a very tall tree. My photo of him was fuzzy to say the least. This time was different. I followed the song (it sounds a bit like a robin to me, only one in the deep woods) and there he was in all his black and scarlet glory perched right above me. This was one of those contortionist moments where it was a miracle I didn’t fall over backwards to get a photograph of him. I even shot a video as he sang for his sweetheart probably waiting for him nearby (by the way, the females are an equally attractive yellow and black). Cori Brown photo The melodious flute-like song of the Swainson’s Thrush spirals upward as it sings. The melodious flute-like song of the Swainson’s Thrush spirals upward as it sings. (Cori Brown photo) After several weeks of forays into the woods, I counted at least twelve new birds or ones I hadn’t seen in years, including a Rose-breasted Grosbeak, at least five different kinds of warblers, Ruby-crowned Kinglets, a Swainson’s Thrush, an Indigo Bunting, Great Crested Flycatchers, Blue-gray Gnatcatchers and Red-eyed Vireos. I know that there are even more out there but being a novice, I have yet to figure them out. Not only is it a joy to see these beautiful birds with their many bright colors and patterns, but it is also a joy to share them with others. Over the last year, I’ve given talks to various groups about what to see in your own backyard or close by. People are amazed at the variety of birds I photographed just walking out the back door. It inspires them to take a closer look at their own yards and discover what hidden gems might be waiting for them. The lesson here: don’t underestimate who is visiting you. Take the time to listen and watch. You will be amazed at the bounty of wonderful birds we have here in Carroll County. Copyright © 2017, The Baltimore Sun, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Pena's throwing error, Tillman's wildness too much for Orioles to overcome in 7-3 loss to Red Sox Orioles observations: Offense fizzles after scoring three runs off Red Sox ace Sale in first inning Maryland's baseball season ends with 8-5 loss to West Virginia in Winston-Salem Regional Breaking Sports Maryland Business Opinion Obits eNewspaper Advertising 72°
Sign In Create Account Sign Out My Account Home News Security Newswire Technologies Security Blog eNewsletter Web Exclusives Columns Career Intelligence Security Talk The Corner Office Leadership & Management Cyber Tactics Overseas and Secure Management Leadership Management Enterprise Services Security Education & Training More Physical Access Management Video Surveillance Identity Management More Cyber Sectors Education: University Hospitals & Medical Centers Critical Infrastructure More Exclusives Security 500 Report Most Influential People in Security Top Guard and Security Officer Companies The Security Leadership Issue Annual Innovations, Technology, & Services Report Events Industry Events Webinars Security 500 Conference Security 500 West Resources The Magazine This Month's Issue Digital Edition Archives Professional Security Canada Videos Photo Galleries Polls Classifieds & Job Listings White Papers Mobile App Store Sponsor Insights Contact Editorial Guidelines Advertise Subscribe Home » Wal-Mart Employees are Now Making Deliveries Security NewswireRetail/Restaurants/Convenience Wal-Mart Employees are Now Making Deliveries June 3, 2017 Reprints No Comments Wal-Mart is testing an app that matches online order delivery addresses with its employees' driving routes home so the workers can deliver packages ordered online as they drive home. "Unlike crowdsourced delivery, where the driver has to travel (often out of the way) to pick up the package, then drive the full distance to deliver it, our associates are starting at the same place as the packages," said Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart eCommerce U.S., in a blog post. The app matches online order delivery addresses with employees' driving routes home from work, built to minimize any more driving than what the employee would do anyway to get home. Delivering is completely voluntary, and the employees can choose when they want to deliver, how many packages they can take and what size. "Once they're done working at the store for the day, they pick up the packages from the backroom, load them into their vehicle, enter the delivery addresses into the GPS on their phone and head towards home," Lore said. Wal-Mart compensates the employees for it but declined to elaborate how it works. Wal-Mart said the test has only been in progress for a month but so far "hundreds" of deliveries have been completed in two locations in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Did you enjoy this article? Click here to subscribe to Security Magazine.  Related Articles Shoplifters and Dishonest Employees Has Increased in 9 of the Past 10 Years Addressing the Continued Risk of Zika: Protection, Prevention and Communcation Wal-Mart Names Global Chief Compliance Officer Study Shows Employee Theft Involves Money and is Rarely Reported Related Products Securing SCADA Systems The Database Hacker's Handbook: Defending Database Servers Risk Analysis and the Security Survey, 4th Edition The Web Application Hacker's Handbook: Discovering and Exploiting Security Flaws 2E Related Events Make My Data: Meet the New Face of Security Context Matters: How Training Your Security Infrastructure to Make Contextual Decisions Like Your Brain is Key To Risk Mitigation Are You Properly Securing Your Facilities? Actionable Advice for a Bulletproof Plan Total Security Summit You must login or register in order to post a comment. Report Abusive Comment Thank you for helping us to improve our forums. Is this comment offensive? Please tell us why. 
 Subscribe For Free! Print & Digital Edition Subscriptions Security eNewsletter & Other eNews Alerts Online Registration Mobile App Subscription Customer Service More Videos Sponsored Content Sponsored Content is a special paid section where industry companies provide high quality, objective, non-commercial content around topics of interest to the Security audience. All Sponsored Content is supplied by the advertising company. Interested in participating in our Sponsored Content section? Contact your local rep. Close Sponsored By Brivo Standard Key Cards and Fobs: Are They Really Good Enough for Physical Access Control? From our physical security survey: 60% of respondents, who have an electronic access control, are still using standard key fobs and cards. Find out how key fobs and cards put you at risk. Events August 25, 2016 Supporting the Victims of Domestic Violence at Work through Pro-active Security Planning The tragedy of the United States domestic violence situation is impossible to quantify. There is both a sordid history and an on-going crisis; a crisis that has become normalized. Since 2000, approximately more than 20,000 women have been murdered by domestic partners, or "family terrorists". May 17, 2017 Overcoming Common Access Control Vulnerabilities: Best Practices for Today's Environment In this webinar, you will learn about the current state of the access control market, including key technologies in use, how to best prepare for and conduct upgrades to access control systems and actionable best practices to protect organizations from common vulnerabilities. View All Submit An Event Poll Background Check Policies What kind of background check policy does your enterprise have? Yes, we have a policy of continual background checks for current and prospective employees. Yes, we have a background check policy for all new employees. Yes, we have a background check policy, but only for specific positions and responsibilities. We’re in the process of implementing a background check policy. We do not have a background check policy. We’re waiting for legislation to outline our compliance needs and responsibilities before implementing a background check policy. View Results Poll Archive Products Effective Security Management, 6th Edition  Effective Security Management, 5e, teaches practicing security professionals how to build their careers by mastering the fundamentals of good management. Charles Sennewald brings a time-tested blend of common sense, wisdom, and humor to this bestselling introduction to workplace dynamics.  See More Products Security Magazine 2017 June Millennials like smartphones, online banking, selfies and… security? The security industry is in need of millennials’ talent and innovation, but it’s necessary to adjust expectations and support to get the most out of this new workforce. The Leadership Issue of Security includes insight into millennials’ career strategies, data breach response planning, hospital security & more. View More Subscribe More Market Research Custom Content & Marketing Services Security Group Editorial Guidelines Privacy Policy Want More Connect Partners Copyright ©2017. All Rights Reserved BNP Media. Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing
Skip to Content 18° Passing clouds. Mild. More ▼ ▲ Sign In ▼▲sub menu toggleNews CKNW In-Depth How True Is It? with Charmaine de Silva Business ▼▲sub menu toggleTALK All Shows Schedule The Jon McComb Show The Simi Sara Show Steele & Drex Global News Hour at 6 Charles Adler Tonight Original Podcasts Weekend Programming Coast to Coast Reality Check with Bruce Allen Money Talks Specialty Programming ▼▲sub menu toggleContests Concerts & Events Orphans Fund ▼▲sub menu toggleCONNECT News/Talk Team Menu Listen Live On Air Now Account Sign In Home ▼▲sub menu toggleNews CKNW In-Depth How True Is It? with Charmaine de Silva Business ▼▲sub menu toggleTALK All Shows Schedule The Jon McComb Show The Simi Sara Show Steele & Drex Global News Hour at 6 Charles Adler Tonight Original Podcasts Weekend Programming Coast to Coast Reality Check with Bruce Allen Money Talks Specialty Programming ▼▲sub menu toggleContests Concerts & Events Orphans Fund ▼▲sub menu toggleCONNECT News/Talk Team ▼▲sub menu toggle Emergency Contact Us CKNW Orphans Fund Radio Advertising Careers Stock Images Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. ON AIR NOW8:00 PM - 10:00 PMSunday Night Sex Show Raising B.C.’s minimum wage will kill job growth says small business group Vancouver, BC, Canada / News Talk 980 CKNW | Vancouver's News. Vancouver's Talk Kyle Benning Posted: June 03, 2017 01:55 pm With the NDP-Green alliance signalling it plans to move forward with a $15 minimum wage, some in the business community are raising concerns. The Canadian Federation of Independent Business says bumping the minimum wage by such a significant amount could end up meaning fewer new jobs. Vice President for B.C. and Alberta Richard Truscott says it could also mean reduced hours for current employees at smaller businesses. “Presumably it would mean hiring fewer people because that is the biggest cost for any business, is the cost of employing people. And if you increase those costs, if you make it more difficult. That’s definitely going to be a tough pill for many small businesses to swallow.” Truscott says bigger employers like Walmart can more easily absorb the blow, but that independent businesses on tight margins are facing a different challenge. “So while it might make for a great slogan or great sound bite for politicians to say let’s fight for 15 and move the minimum wage to $15, beyond the grand reality for small businesses is very much different. These are going to be very difficult costs to control for small business, and the money doesn’t appear out of thin air.” READ MORE: B.C. announces plan to hike minimum wage But the BC Federation of Labour is disputing the CFIB’s claims. President Irene Lanzinger says there are much larger issues at play when it comes to low-earning jobs. “I think the counter to the argument is, is it really right that people work full-time and live in poverty? And are we ever going to address the fact that one in five children in our province grows up in poverty?” She adds there is no historical proof of job loss after previous salary bumps. The confidence and supply agreement signed by the NDP and Green parties last month says upon taking power they’ll “establish an at-arm’s-length Fair Wages Commission that will be tasked with establishing a pathway to a minimum wage of at least $15 per hour and overseeing regular rate reviews.” The move follows a trend in jurisdictions across North America, where the minimum wage is seen to have lagged behind a “living wage” that would keep workers out of poverty. The government of Ontario announced last month it would raise the minimum wage to $15 by 2019, and Alberta is currently raising its minimum wage in stages, with a goal of $15/hr by October of 2018. Nearby Seattle also began phasing-in its own $15 minimum in 2015. B.C.’s minimum wage is set to rise 50 cents, from $10.85 an hour to $11.35 an hour, in September. The BC Liberals had previously tied increases to inflation, however, this year’s increase included an extra 30 cents. Horgan’s NDP and Weaver’s Greens are expected to bring down Premier Christy Clark’s government at the first sitting of the Legislature sometime this month. Click here to report an error Comments are closed. Trending More Latest More Vancouver Traffic Tweets by @AM730Traffic Current Traffic Incidents You May Also Like More News Ashcroft closes hospital emergency room overnight due to staff shortage 59 minutes ago Ashcroft residents won't be able to use the emergency room in the city's hospital Sunday night because... Read More London terror attack: ISIS claims responsibility, 12 arrested in connection with attack 3 hours ago WATCH: Eight police fired 50 bullets to stop London attackers: counter terrorism police chief British... Read More Report on recreational winter deaths renews call for search and rescue funding 3 hours ago An outdoor safety advocate is raising questions about what he calls a lack of movement from the province... Read More Chrissy Archibald, Canadian killed in London terror attacks, was from Castlegar 3 hours ago The sole Canadian killed in the London terror attacks was a woman from Castlegar B.C., who died in the... Read More More News Emergency Contact Us CKNW Orphans Fund Radio Advertising Careers Stock Images Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe Authors Watch our videos Education hub Our Archives The Canada Project Contact us Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe Authors Brian Bethune Mark Brown Meagan Campbell Joe Castaldo Terra Ciolfe James Cowan Prajakta Dhopade Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Murad Hemmadi Aaron Hutchins Brian D. Johnson Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Catherine McIntyre Leah McLaren Shannon Proudfoot Jennifer Robson Graham Scott Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey David Thomas Paul Wells Watch our videos Education hub Our Archives The Canada Project Contact us News Politics Economy Education Culture Society Work Multimedia Follow Us Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Scott Gilmore Aaron Hutchins Anne Kingston Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Evan Solomon Paul Wells All Authors Brian Bethune Mark Brown Meagan Campbell Joe Castaldo Terra Ciolfe James Cowan Prajakta Dhopade Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Murad Hemmadi Aaron Hutchins Brian D. Johnson Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Catherine McIntyre Leah McLaren Shannon Proudfoot Jennifer Robson Graham Scott Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey David Thomas Paul Wells Brian Bethune Mark Brown Meagan Campbell Joe Castaldo Terra Ciolfe James Cowan Prajakta Dhopade Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Murad Hemmadi Aaron Hutchins Brian D. Johnson Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Catherine McIntyre Leah McLaren Shannon Proudfoot Jennifer Robson Graham Scott Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey David Thomas Paul Wells Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   2 Why are children’s toys so boring? Fidget spinners are just the latest dull, mind-numbing toy—a trend caused by economic forces, with consequences for kids Adrian Lee May 4, 2017 Follow @AdrianKLee Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Fidget spinners. (Revo Toys) Children’s toys are typically not so exciting; they’re often riffs off the latest big movie or TV show, or gussied-up versions of old reliable games and toys. But the latest toy fad might just leave your head spinning. Fidget spinners—a tripartite ball bearing studded with three weights that reels around with a flick of the finger, intended as tools offering relief to those with ADHD—have been co-opted as the latest toy trend, found pinched in the hands of kids around the world. In the last few months, they’ve become ubiquitous among the younger set regardless of attention span, turned into toys as videos of fidget spinner tricks and Reddit communities gain fans in the thousands; they’ve been banned in swaths of schools; studies have been issued and rebutted over whether kids without ADHD playing with fidget spinners are actually productive in increasing focus in classrooms. As of the time of publishing, 19 of the 20 most popular toys on Amazon are fidget toys. FROM TODAY’S PARENT: Why teachers hate fidget toys Let it first be said that the retroactive justifications from parents and scientists that the spinner may improve focus for all kids—that somehow giving a child a toy helps them do one thing easier—feels like someone endorsing weeks-old takeout, just because it didn’t give you food poisoning last time. Let it also be said that trusting kids in their claims that toys help them focus is a child-pushed argument that’s so brazen that 12-year-old me—who would lay out my case to my parents that buying Pokemon cards was actually some kind of fiduciary investment with the potential for high returns on the resale market—can’t help but stand and applaud. But its role as a focus-stealer isn’t the fidget spinner’s true sin. It’s that they are mind-numbingly boring. Ball-bearing tools have been around since ancient Rome. They’re in your boring computers; they’re in your boring engines; they’re in your boring bikes, and your boring kitchen appliances. If we’re co-opting basic tools as toys, we might as well just rebrand them into Riveting Rivets and Ronnie the Wrench so kids can get to work in literal Fun Factories. Even the argument that they are effective productivity devices actually hinges on the idea that they are boring—the physical equivalent of a white noise machine. Here is an adult man, in one of the more popular YouTube videos about fidget spinners, forlornly considering what went wrong with his life to get him to this place. But fidget spinners are really just the latest in a long line of boring toy trends to dominate kids’ minds. Before the spinning whirr came the incessant kerplunk of kids trying to flip plastic bottles with a little water in them so they landed upright; though the bottles were half-full, the spirit of the activity was surely half-empty. Before that, there were hoverboards—massive deceptions, given that they were just non-hovering segways made more dangerous by the deletion of a support pole—and, of course, Hatchimals, lauded by the industry, with awards like the 2017 Innovative Toy Of The Year award at the prestigious New York Toy Fair. But even they were just a massive coup of rebranding, a more irritating Kinder Surprise without any of the pleasures of eating chocolate that basically becomes a Furby. And once it’s born, the Hatchimal just makes needy demands that require disproportionate time and energy. Where’s the fun in that? (On this, parents might feel some common ground.) MORE: The lessons for investors in the hype and fall of Hatchimals But there’s more here than the mere fact that I, an ostensible adult, can’t get behind toys for kids these days. There’s a greater potential cost—one that’s much less an indictment of our children, and says more about the lack of innovation and creativity in the industries helping to shape their young minds. After all, a vast array of studies show that playing—an act that will invariably involve toys—fosters social and cognitive skills, while cultivating creativity and imagination among younger children. And according to a report from Sarah M. Fine, of Harvard’s Graduate School of Education, “intellectual playfulness” remains a valuable thing to cultivate for high-school aged students, often the ones playing with water bottles and spinners. “Playful learning in adolescence is certainly not the same thing as playful learning in early childhood … But this does not mean that it is any less important,” she writes. “To the contrary, finding ways to support adolescent learners in learning playfully is more critical because it is less intuitive.” Kids’ toys should meet these needs—to encourage creativity, to focus on play value, to be better. “When I was designing toys, I would either go for something that was emotionally endearing to a child, or have play value—and ideally, I always wanted to have my toys teach kids something,” says Canadian inventor Wayne Fromm, whose own creations include the popular Beauty and the Beast Magic Mirror and who was a leading marketer of Crazy Bones. “Do these spinners teach kids anything? I’m not sure.” The fact that current toys aren’t doing that is a reflection of ongoing shifts in the toy industry, he says. Physical toys are appealing to a narrower slice of children as iPads and apps are introduced to younger and younger kids, says Fromm: “They outgrow the concept of having a physical toy earlier.” That trend hasn’t spurred significant changes to how toys are sold, either; a small concentration of toy creators and distributors is actually working to staunch true toy innovation to meet these evolving terms, much in the way that major movie studios are content to produce sequel after sequel, loath to try new things when comfortable profits are at stake. “I’ve created many toys, and I would take them to the executive panel of Toys R’ Us and Walmart, and if they weren’t going to buy that product, that product wasn’t going to get made—there was no point,” says Fromm. “Doesn’t mean the toy wasn’t good, it just means the big-box stores weren’t going to support it, and now everything has to be vetted by all the big players—Hasbro, Mattel, Spinmaster.” And so, with the industry centralizing into a few massive leaders—a 2013 report found that the top five U.S. toy companies hold more than 50 per cent of the market—companies producing physical toys are now leaning more than ever on the success of a strong few. When Mattel reported declining revenues in 2014, its CEO was clear about why: “We just didn’t sell enough Barbie dolls.” Kelly Ingram reacts while receiving a Hatchimal, a top toy of the season, at Walmart’s Black Friday event in Bentonville, AR on Nov. 24, 2016. (Gunnar Rathbun/AP Images for Walmart) Indeed, the fact that the market remains loaded with toys that are specific to boys and girls—homemaking toys and princess dolls advertised to girls, cars and industrious construction toys for boys—is tied into the forces behind the innovation drain. Despite studies suggesting that targeted toys helps hem boys and girls into prescribed gender roles by influencing career choices, those big-box stores are only now seeing the capitalist value of challenging those stereotypes. Indeed, the first offerings from Debbie Stirling, the founder of GoldieBlox—now one of the industry’s hottest names, selling toys aimed at inspiring an affection for sciences among girls—were rebuffed by bigwigs at the New York Toy Fair, the make-or-break hub and haven for the latest in toy trends. “They said girls don’t like engineering. Girls don’t like building. That’s a boy play pattern. Girls want to be princesses, they want to play fashion. Go look at the pink aisle,” she said in an interview with Public Radio International. There is one upside, perhaps, to at least the fidget spinner and the water-bottle flipping: it seems bad toys are forcing kids to find fun in other ways, like finding water (or in this case, flipped water bottles) in the desert. It feels like an active outgrowth of actual toys failing to make a mark on youth, causing kids to make do with what they have around—empty bottles, cheap ball-bearings—rather than the staid items being marketed at them. And it might be something the toy industry should consider as a warning sign; while toy sales continue to grow—Canada’s sales rose six per cent, to just over $2 billion—the actually number of toys sold are roughly flat, a quiet sign of a deteriorating market. It represents a disruption to the field that could loosen the grip of those big-box retail stores—and make innovation easier to achieve. After all, a non-toy improvisation was the initial inspiration for the original fidget spinner, created by a Florida inventor who was injured while caring for her young daughter. “I couldn’t pick up her toys or play with her much at all, so I started throwing things together with newspaper and tape then other stuff,” she said in The Guardian. “It wasn’t really even prototyping, it was some semblance of something, she’d start playing with it in a different way, I’d repurpose it.” Maybe that’s the best way to spin this latest trend—that children, failed by an unadventurous toy industry, have turned tchotchkes into playthings, so they can play on anyway. And good for them. After all, we must move forward, not backward; upward, and always twirling, twirling, twirling toward innovation. Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Filed under: Editor's Picks fidget spinners hatchimals playing Toys Advertisement Advertisement    Post navigation Previous Donald Trump’s vulgar reply to the London attacks Next The London attack and Britain’s shattered illusion of immunity Show comments Hide comments (2) Why are children’s toys so boring? Fidget Spinners are very addictive… I’m an addict and I’m 48 years old. My daughter loves them too… I helped create a website to show the many different fidget spinners at http://www.Fidgeting.ca Reply ↓ Joe Frasca on May 19, 2017 at 9:37 pm The problem with these is they don’t work well as a fidget for kids with attention problems. Most kids are using both hands to use them and then watch them spin. They actually make it worse and are a distraction in the classroom. As a toy fine fill your boots but don’t bring them into my classroom. Reply ↓ Pickles McGee on June 3, 2017 at 3:34 pm Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Related stories How badly has Canada failed Afghanistan? If you've ever smoked marijuana, beware of the U.S. border How a life-changing diagnosis led one goalie to an unexpected NHL job The Canada150 Quiz Countdown trivia test: Day 121! A new survey explores what makes us Canadian Popular on Maclean's   1 of 2   Why a $15 minimum wage is good for business 9 comments If you’ve ever smoked marijuana, beware of the U.S. border 4 comments Donald Trump’s farewell tour 18 comments How the B.C. Liberals squandered their chance to keep power Donald Trump changes the climate game 26 comments Donald Trump’s vulgar reply to the London attacks 1 comment For sale: A fixer-upper on the U.S.-Canada border 9 comments A new survey explores what makes us Canadian 6 comments Fifty-two months of torture and the four men responsible 42 comments Why corporate America thumbed its nose at Trump over the climate deal 14 comments Top Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Resources About Us Advertising Contact Us Site Map Subscribe Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Macleans.ca newsletters Need to know Essential reading on the national conversation. Sign up for a daily dose of news, commentary and analysis from the always thought-provoking Maclean's newsroom.† Storyline Every Saturday, we'll send you our editor's picks of the best stories on Macleans.ca† From our partners Yes! I would like Maclean's to send me alerts, information, event notifications, special deals and promotions from our carefully screened partners that they feel may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 2001-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Entertainment Books 2017 Daily Press Poet Laureate relives Hurricane Isabel in poem Hurricane Isabel inspired the Daily Press poetry contest winner to write about people's response to natural destruction. Hurricane Isabel inspired the Daily Press poetry contest winner to write about people's response to natural destruction. Natalie JosephContact Reporternjoseph@dailypress.com Picturing a tree falling through the roof of her neighbor's home wasn't hard for Morgan Blalock. It's something she's already seen in real life, a vision stuck in her mind since 2003 after Hurricane Isabel hit the Peninsula, where she had only been living for four months. "We were lucky enough that nothing happened to our house, but that tree really did go through our neighbors' house," Blalock said. "It was just crazy to see that that could happen to a home." Often inspired by nature, the dedicated poet wrote about the experience, remembering the tree as well as her grandmother hiding in their back room, scared. She initially wrote the poem for a class at her alma mater, Hollins University. "I wanted the poem to be about the degradation of nature during a natural disaster but also how a family moves through that," Blalock said. "That just seemed like the best place to go." Caption Annual Newport News Greek Festival at Saints Constantine and Helen Greek Orthodox Church is celebrating 50 years. Annual Newport News Greek Festival at Saints Constantine and Helen Greek Orthodox Church is celebrating 50 years. Caption Annual Newport News Greek Festival at Saints Constantine and Helen Greek Orthodox Church is celebrating 50 years. Annual Newport News Greek Festival at Saints Constantine and Helen Greek Orthodox Church is celebrating 50 years. Caption CNN has fired Kathy Griffin from their annual New Year's Eve program, which she cohosted with anchor Anderson Cooper. (May 31, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) CNN has fired Kathy Griffin from their annual New Year's Eve program, which she cohosted with anchor Anderson Cooper. (May 31, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption Proceeds will go to an emergency fund set up by the city of Manchester and the British Red Cross. (May 30, 2017) Proceeds will go to an emergency fund set up by the city of Manchester and the British Red Cross. (May 30, 2017) Caption This week's release of "Wonder Woman" is a test for Warner Bros. and Hollywood. (May 30, 2017) This week's release of "Wonder Woman" is a test for Warner Bros. and Hollywood. (May 30, 2017) Caption Visit Lee Hall Mansion, Hilton Village and Lions Bridge in Newport News, Virginia.  Visit Lee Hall Mansion, Hilton Village and Lions Bridge in Newport News, Virginia.  Blalock said she was shopping in Wal-Mart when she got an email with the poetry contest results. She opened it with hesitation. She said she had no idea how people would receive the poem. Her piece, "Hurricane Isabel," captivated the 2017 Daily Press Poetry Contest judges. The 24-year-old Hampton resident is this year's Daily Press poet laureate. Guest judges were local musician Bobby "BlackHat" Walters, Christopher Newport University English professor Jay Paul and 2016 Daily Press poet laureate Rhiannon Hartman. The winning poems were selected from more than 120 entries and narrowed down to 10 finalists by the Daily Press features staff. The winners were picked by the guest judges. A poll was held online to determine the Reader's Choice winner. HANDOUT Daily Press poetry contest reader's choice winner Taylor Stacey Daily Press poetry contest reader's choice winner Taylor Stacey (HANDOUT) Winners will be invited to read their work during a reception at Art After Dark on June 22 at Peninsula Fine Arts Center. As an avid poet for 12 years, Blalock decided to enter "Hurricane Isabel" with the encouragement of her mother. She hopes the poem will remind the local community about their memories of overcoming the devastation of Hurricane Isabel or bring up a memory of their grandmothers. "I didn't have anything ready, but then I was thinking, it was a Daily Press contest so I should do something about this community," she said. "I found that one (Hurricane Isabel), and I spent a couple days editing it and sent it off with a little bump and hoped someone likes it." Blalock also writes fiction and essays, but poetry is her true passion. She was a creative writing major in college and returned to the area about six months ago after graduation. Second-place winner Janice Hoffman's poem "Reckoning" also was inspired by a tragic event. About five years ago, Hoffman lost her son to suicide. She said she turned to poetry to help her heal. "I found writing to be very therapeutic, and I wrote a lot after he died," Hoffman said. "In fact, I wrote a really long poem and decided to break it up. This came out of that longer piece." Hoffman, an English teacher from Williamsburg, hopes "Reckoning" will help others. In the classroom, she encourages her students to write in order to cope with their troubles. Hoffman says she wants people dealing with similar circumstances to know they are not alone. "I find that there are common experiences that make poetry more relatable to other readers," Hoffman said. "Right now, we have a silent epidemic of suicide, so I know this is a topic that a lot of people can relate to." Kimbery Meador of Toano placed third in this year's contest. Although she's been writing for more than 25 years, this is the first time she has submitted her work for publication. Meader, a 12th grade government teacher at Warwick High School, said she encourages her students to be brave. Submitting her poem "Awake" was her embracing that. "I have to have a major neck surgery in a couple weeks, and time is ticking," Meador said. "I'm a teacher, and I tell my students all the time to try, to put things out there, and I have to do the same. I want to set an example." She said her poem's third-place finish was a sign. Meador said she has three boxes of writing compositions at home and plans to submit more in the future now that she feels "awake." "I have to be brave enough to try. Enough is enough. It was the fear of failure for so long," Meador said. Taylor Stacey's poem also came from a longer piece. It was based on science-fiction literature. Her poem "The Outer Edge" was crowned the 2017 Readers Choice Winner. "It was so many words, so I just rewrote it, shortened," Stacey said. "It's completely rewritten different from the other one, but I just used the same premise." Stacey, a Virginia Beach resident, found the Daily Press Poetry Contest after a quick Google search. She typically writes short stories but tried out poetry for the contest. "The Outer Edge" was written specifically for the Daily Press competition. The readers' choice voting period was open May 1-10 online at dailypress.com/poetry. Joseph can be reached by phone at 757-374-3134. Poetry reception The Daily Press Poetry Contest winners will read their poems at a reception during Art After Dark at Peninsula Fine Arts Center, located at 101 Museum Dr. in Newport News, at 5 p.m. June 22. First Place "Hurricane Isabel" by Morgan Blalock When the wind picked up, my mother wound around her fingers ropes of pearls; grandmother hid in the coat closet. We reached for her small hands between empty arms and soft furs. The oak at the side of our house fell through our neighbors', split a bedroom in half and landed — the earth of my childhood shook and settled — in their kitchen. My mother helped me place a thin fallen tree across the lake's narrow skirt. A week later, I crossed its length again, watched our neighbors put up a flag — Isabel Who? — and eat dinner off the oak. And always there was my grandmother hidden between coat sleeves, asking is it over is it over before my mother closed the door, silenced the ring of weak sunlight. Second Place "Reckoning" by Janice Hoffman They say, "Write what you know." I thought I used to know a few things: how morning dew moistens the earth, how Virginia cardinals swoop past my window, how a baby's giggle makes me laugh out loud, how my husband's eyes crinkle with his jokes, how my daughter loves speaking Spanish, how my son played the keyboard for me. But now I know nothing. I thought I knew how to pray. I thought equations were fixed, that 2 + 2 always equaled 4, that 2 parents + 2 children = a family of 4, but now 2 + 2 = 3 because 1 has been subtracted, deducted, taken away, self-murdered. The math no longer makes sense. Silent as his keyboard, I walk through the years counting, but it never adds up. Third Place "Awake" by Kimberly Meador Awake alive another to die always moving never rested. Always asking why? Living life unfulfilled withered thrills. Here's a pill one step forward one step back another day under attack what do I lack? Bought the lie to live like I'll never die Bought societies dogma that I need everything to succeed to survive to thrive Be thin be beautiful be wealthy be hip be young I'm done. Be something unachievable and wonder why... I cry I stand alone On my rock I will not buy the lie anymore. I am enough as I am if it bothers I don't give a damn This is where I make my stand — I am good enough as I am. Reader's Choice "The Outer Edge" by Taylor Stacey The obsidian abyss of space Calls to my inspiration... The phantasmal entities that face Improbabilities beyond human cognition... The Martian spirit abounds My wondering boundless mind... That creation exists beyond this rock astounds My narrowed human view of existence refined... What lies beyond my vital rock... Universal knowledge waiting to illuminate... A limitless scientific awaking to unlock Our higher ability longs to initiate... Do you hear us call out to you Our myriad voices reaching out to the beyond... Sailing through stardust, waiting to break through Spreading across your conscious, praying you respond... Will you travel across the endless void Will you reach out to us as cosmic children... Will you find a planet destroyed A foolish heritage, a primeval has-been... Are we ready for enlightenment... Are we ready to attain realities outside Our dense human temperament... Are we ready to obtain this vast infinite truth so heavily denied... Copyright © 2017, Daily Press Second place winner Janice Hoffman Third place winner Kimberly Meador Contest winner Morgan Blalock Top Videos Pictures from Daily Press Photographers Breaking News Videos Communities Trending Contact us Obits Sports Opinion Share Advertise 71°
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home browse all sections close home › arts › art & design stage classical movies tv & radio music games books home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts selected lifestyle fashion business travel environment Art The Observer Undercover art: Amish quilts go guerrilla in the supermarket – in pictures Undercover art: Amish quilts go guerrilla in the supermarket – in pictures Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close From cornflakes to air fresheners, Carson Davis Brown uses common groceries to create guerrilla installations in supermarkets. The LA-based artist covertly rearranges the objects, photographs them and has them made into blankets by Walmart’s personalised gift department. New American Quilts, supported by a VSCO Artist Initiative grant, is inspired by Amish quilts, but though Brown’s quilts are based on traditional patterns, they are made in the context of modern capitalism. “Consumption on a global level is not a sustainable practice. Think of the resources we use so we can have 18 flavours of wheat thins – it’s overwhelming.” Kathryn Bromwich @kathryn42 Saturday 3 June 2017 12.00 EDT Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest Photograph: All images copyright: Carson Davis Brown Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest Topics Art The Observer Craft Sewing More galleries most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts selected lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts selected movies tv & radio music games books art & design selected stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Arts › Art & design › Art film books music art & design tv & radio stage back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Movie News New Movies Movie Trailers Movie Reviews TV Superheroes MovieWeb Movie News New Movies Movie Trailers Movie Reviews TV Superheroes Karate Kill Trailer Is The Karate Kid on Steroids 1.2k Shares ShareTweetShareCommentsEmail B. Alan Orange | 2 days ago Tarantino meets Cannon Films in Karate Kill, from acclaimed filmmaker Kurando Mitsutake, on Blu-ray, DVD and VOD July 18. Today, we have the hard-hitting first trailer for this action neo-masterpiece. We also have a cool throwback poster that showcases the tone of this 80s revival in schlock cinema. Featuring a "grimly relentless performance" (Japan Times) from Hayate, with solid support from Iron Fist's David Sakurai and WWE icon Katarina Leigh Waters, Karate Kill will be available on Blu-ray and DVD, exclusive to Target, Walmart, Best Buy and Amazon, on July 18.  VOD will be day and date on iTunes, VHX, Google Play, Fandango, Vudu, Dish, Vubiquity, Comcast, Charter, Cox and Xbox.  A "must see" (Terror Weekend) action masterpiece from the director of Gun Woman and Blind Wolf comes to the U.S. When Karate master Kenji's (Hayate) young sister (Mana Sakura) is kidnapped by a dangerous cult, and taken to the U.S. he will stop at nothing to find her. Partnered with a mysterious shot-gun toting partner, Kenji must use his mastery of Karate to dismantle the cult members one by one in spectacular and bloody fashion, until he finds his sister. Hayate makes his feature film debut in Karate Kill, and from the looks of things, he could be the next big thing in kung fu cinema. He certainly has the moves that impress, and he's seen here doing his own stunts. You have to imagine that the blooper reel is pretty hilarious. As you can see in this trailer, Kenji takes on the Mr. Miyagi role from Karate Kid as he mentors his own badass fighter. But as the tagline so boldly points out, 'he is no Mr. Miyagi'. Because this dude is a true killer and takes no prisoners. The movie is already starting to gain a cult following, having been shown off at the Texas Frightmare 2017 in Dallas, TX. Karate Kill may come as a nice alternative to the crowded multiplex this summer, as it's filled with dumb action fun the whole family can enjoy. It will be competing with Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk at theaters. Also opening that weekend is the raunchy R-rated comedy Girls Trip starring Queen Latifah and Jada Pinket Smith. Also on the cinematic side of things is Luc Besson's Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets, which could potentially be one of the biggest bombs of the summer, and the biggest flop in French movie history. It already cost way more than any other film produced in the region. Karate Kill doesn't have to worry about that. It looks like it was shot on an old inner tube with five dollars in its pocket for crafts services. But these kind of production limitations often result in anything better than what may be playing at your local Drive-In. So strap in and get ready for one hell of a ride. It's going to be a Kung Fu summer thanks to Dark Cuts! ShareTweetShareEmail Don't Miss A Story Best of the Web Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Latest Headlines Tony Stark Designed Spider-Man Suit Abilities Revealed in Homecoming Transformers 5 TV Spot Has So Many Michael Bay Explosions Every 2017 Horror Movie Coming Before Halloween Wonder Woman Crushes with $100.5M Box Office Win Josh Brolin Teases Thanos in New Infinity War Set Photo Leaked Last Jedi Footage Shows Luke Levitating on a Rock? Top Movies Star Wars 8 Justice League Wonder Woman Guardians of the Galaxy 2 Wolverine 3 Power Rangers Movie Avengers Infinity War Transformers 5 The Batman Fast 8 About Us Privacy Policy Terms Contact © Watchr Media    |    Cassius Network    |    All rights reserved
null
Hot Topics: Squirrel Feeder Cited Ferguson Grads New Restaurant House Fire Colo. Eagles Coach Your Best Bets for Fun More Fugitive Charges RH Line Police Calls Questions linger as preliminary hearing for one of three charged with murder remains unfinished Joshua Baker is one of three Cincinnati, Ohio men facing murder in the death of a Fort Collins man By Sam Lounsberry Reporter-Herald Staff Writer Posted:   06/02/2017 09:07:38 PM MDT Baker FORT COLLINS — Along the same highway that runs through central Loveland, U.S. 34, the body of a 20-year-old Fort Collins man was found with multiple gunshot wounds in Morgan County on Sept. 3, 2016. A trio of young men from Cincinnati, Ohio, have been charged with first-degree murder in the death of Devon Smeltz, who was discovered near the intersection of U.S. 34 and Morgan County Road 4 without pants or shoes and with bullets in his skull as his body decayed, according to a Fort Collins Police Services detective. Court testimony on Friday revealed the story behind the finding of the gruesome scene by law enforcement officials, and the events that led to the arrests of then 20-year-old Ohio residents Joshua Baker, Larry Greggs and Michael Gresham three states away from Colorado in connection with the suspected murder. Greggs Preliminary hearings had been scheduled for each of the suspects Friday, but Greggs and Gresham waived their rights to have such hearings in their cases, and only Baker proceeded with his. Although the hearing was not able to be completed due to lasting more than four hours up to the court's afternoon docket, a jarring chronicle of Smeltz's death was established that did not necessarily implicate Baker as a killer, without proving his outright innocence, either. A decision on whether he will be bound over for trial will be made by 8th District Judge Julie Kunce Field on June 14, but not before Baker's public defender Kathryn Hay will finish her cross-examinations of a Fort Collins detective. Advertisement While Deputy District Attorney Mitch Murray made evident Baker was present for the death, and perhaps involved, Hay was able to leave a packed courtroom that included Baker's parents with some questions as to how responsible her client actually was for the shooting that claimed Smeltz's young life. In the start to testimony, Murray questioned FCPS Detective Siobhan Seymour, the lead detective on the case. Gresham She claimed that large amounts of drugs along with guns and expensive jewelry and clothing were at the center of the alleged altercation that left Smeltz dead and his mother's central Fort Collins home the subject of a break-in. Seymour said that the three suspects were arrested after being stopped in Illinois by a state trooper. At the time of the stop, the men were making their way back to Cincinnati in two separate cars, one a white Mercedes-Benz driven by Baker with Gresham as a passenger, and the other a Jeep rental car driven by Greggs. The cars were stopped because the trooper saw each car's occupants flashing hand signs back and forth and thought it may have been a possible road rage incident. Something much darker than a road rage was discovered, though, after police obtained authority to search the vehicles. In fact, the Mercedes driven by Baker turned out to be registered to Smeltz, according to Seymour. On top of that, Seymour said a loaded AR-15 automatic rifle was found with Greggs in the Jeep, and approximately 140 grams of cocaine, a plastic bag filled with a generic brand of Xanax pills, a revolver and another automatic handgun were recovered from the Mercedes. The automatic handgun matched the model of firearm Smeltz's mother had bought for Smeltz, testimony indicated. Plus, splotches of blood were in the back seat of the Mercedes, the DNA of which FCPS Detective Neal Hisam later testified matched Smeltz's per laboratory tests. Clothing that Smeltz had been pictured with, such as Versace brand jeans and sunglasses, blue Timberland boots, along with a gold bracelet and a wallet holding his identification and credit cards were also found in possession of the Ohio men, who were arrested in Illinois in early September 2016 before being extradited back to Larimer County in the days thereafter. Security surveillance tapes from the Timnath Walmart which police later obtained showed the meeting of a Jeep and a Mercedes in the early morning hours of the day Smeltz was reported missing, Seymour said. In those tapes, though the pictures are grainy, Seymour said she saw people leave the Jeep and walk up to the Mercedes and appear to speak with its driver for several minutes before a bright flash occurred that could be consistent with a firearm's muzzle flash. Murray also played two short videos for the court that Seymour said had been taken on a phone owned by Gresham, and another phone police determined Greggs and Baker had been sharing. One of the videos, which was just a few seconds long but included a voice Seymour said she recognized as Greggs', included profanity and racial slurs to state that people who "play with my money (expletive) die." The video showed a body in a bloody back seat of a vehicle. The second video depicted blood and a voice saying, "We can't leave without the jewelry." Police interviews with Smeltz's mother revealed her home in the 3300 block of Citation Court in Fort Collins was broken into shortly after the Walmart surveillance video showed the vehicles leave the parking lot. A broken window and an Adidas sandal police believe matched a pair Baker was seen wearing in photographs taken previously were found on the property, as well as blood stains on the front porch. In her cross-examination of Seymour, though, Hay was able to establish that police never investigated Smeltz as the aggressor in the supposed shooting incident in the Walmart parking lot, even though a magazine was found in the automatic handgun allegedly belonging to him and he had been a suspect in a shooting that occurred months earlier. Seymour responded that none of the three defendants claimed they acted in self-defense nor showed any injuries consistent with gunshot wounds. A spent shell casing of an unidentifiable caliber was recovered by police in the Walmart parking lot, and seven bullets that could have been fired by the revolver found with Baker and Gresham in the Mercedes were found in Smeltz's body, plus another discharged casing was found in the Mercedes with traces of what investigators determined was Smeltz's blood on it, Hisam said. Additionally, Hay was able to elicit an admission from Seymour that there was no reason to believe Baker knew Smeltz prior to their meeting at the Walmart, and that Greggs alone had driven to Colorado from Ohio multiple times to purchase drugs from Smeltz prior to the death. Hay also asked Seymour if she was aware of any notes passed between the suspect trio at the jail that conveyed threats for continuing to a preliminary hearing in any of the young men's cases, and Seymour said she was not. In a redirect attempting to establish a motive for Baker to participate in the alleged crimes that led to Smeltz's supposed killing, Murray asked Seymour about the street value of the cocaine found in the Mercedes, which the detective estimated at $11,400. She had previously stated she believed the cocaine had belonged to Smeltz. Court appearances for Gresham and Greggs will be set at the completion of Baker's preliminary hearing June 14, when Hisam will be cross-examined by Hay. Sam Lounsberry: 970-635-3630, lounsberrys@reporter-herald.com and twitter.com/samlounz. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Colorado Eagles create more dramatics in OT win, sit one victory away from Kelly Cup title Daily Record: Loveland police calls June 3-4, 2017 Hairball opens Thunder in the Rockies summer concert series   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 3 Ways Retailers Are Using Artificial Intelligence to Help Save Stores Retail is getting an internet-based makeover, but artificial intelligence could help level the playing field. Nicholas Rossolillo (nrossolillo) Jun 3, 2017 at 10:53AM Doom-and-gloom headlines about the shrinking number of stores in malls, closing department stores, and thinning foot traffic have been everywhere lately, and not without good reason. If one were to venture a guess based on brick-and-mortar store performance, it would appear the U.S. consumer has stopped spending. But in fact, consumer spending has been rising steadily every year since 2009. It's just that an ever-greater number of people are choosing to do their shopping online. According to the U.S. Census Bureau's monthly retail report, retail sales were up 4.5% year over year in April, but online sales grew 12%. That would imply online stores are stealing market share. It explains the flood of store closures being reported, and the trend has made reports claiming that the physical store is here to stay seem silly. One such report by Gartner, a technology research and consulting firm, says that traditional stores will have a place in the future with a new model that will blend the digital with the physical. The use of artificial intelligence (AI), or the collection and use of massive amounts of digital data, is one of those technologies that is picking up speed in the traditional retail world as it adapts. Image source: IBM. 1. Data collection by video surveillance Online retailers have long had an information advantage over their brick-and-mortar peers, as they are able to gather vital data about their customers (such as their age, gender, and location) as well as data on things like what people are looking at and how long they are staying on a page. And now,  cameras and AI -- tools that big retailers like Wal-Mart have been using to identify shoplifters -- are increasingly being used to gather the same kind of data in physical stores. Facial recognition software can be used to track specific visitor activity, but less intrusive means of tracking have also been developed. For example, floor-level cameras can track traffic and where people are spending time in stores, and can predict information like age and gender by analyzing video of shoes. IBM's (NYSE:IBM) work with AI has produced things like natural language analytics that can judge vocalized consumer reaction to products. While it would mean businesses eavesdropping on conversations in the store with microphones and computers, gathering consumer reactions to things on the shelf could help retailers adjust marketing strategies and determine what inventory will sell. 2. In-store help using big data Other retailers are using big data to reimagine how their stores help shoppers find what they need. Target (NYSE:TGT), which unveiled a multibillion-dollar plan early this year to play catch-up in e-commerce, is planning to arm floor associates with new technology to help visitors. The new point-of-sale system will be able to search real-time inventory across the organization, arrange for shipping, and take payment from the customer. The tech is expected to be in all stores by the end of the year. Home improvement chain Lowe's (NYSE:LOW) has taken things one step further with mobile LoweBots. Now operating in the San Francisco Bay area, LoweBots are able to answer simple questions from customers and locate items as they roam around the store. The machines also keep track of inventory and track shopper patterns to help the company make better business decisions. A LoweBot in action in a Lowe's home improvement store. Image source: Lowe's. 3. Leveraging the internet to customize experiences The Gartner report also mentioned other ways retailers may soon adapt to the changing industry. One shows retailers using AI to pull data about customers from online profiles on websites like Pinterest to deliver personalized in-store offers to customers. Perhaps a little closer to today's reality, though, is showcasing customer's custom orders to other shoppers to judge mass popularity, or monitoring online trends to customize in-store displays and inventory levels. More innovations using AI are sure to come as traditional retailers continue to announce new ideas and tech to enhance the shopper experience. Wal-Mart launched a new tech incubator called Store No. 8, headed up by former Jet.com CEO Marc Lore, with the purpose of nurturing and growing retail start-ups that it can use to enhance its business. The world of retail is quickly changing. While many businesses in the industry are getting left behind and struggling as a result, many are innovating a new brand of physical and online store experience. Tech like AI is beginning to change brick-and-mortar stores and is keeping them relevant. Nicholas Rossolillo owns shares of Target. The Motley Fool recommends Lowe's. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Nicholas Rossolillo (nrossolillo) Nicholas has been a writer for the Motley Fool since 2015, covering companies in the consumer goods and technology sector. He is also the founder and president of Concinnus Financial, a Registered Investment Advisor based in Spokane, WA. He enjoys the outdoors in all four seasons in the Northwest with his wife and their two rescue dogs. Follow @nrossolillo Article Info Jun 3, 2017 at 10:53AM Consumer Goods Stocks IBM NYSE:IBM $152.05 down $0.62 (-0.41%) Target NYSE:TGT $55.52 down $0.14 (-0.25%) Lowe's NYSE:LOW $80.22 down $0.21 (-0.26%) Read More How Zynga Inc. Gained 21.8% in May 3 Value Stocks for Smart Investors 3 Dividend Stocks for Daring Investors Why Etsy Inc Stock Jumped 25% Last Month 3 Dividend Stocks for Bold Investors Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 3 Ways Retailers Are Using Artificial Intelligence to Help Save Stores @themotleyfool #stocks $IBM, $TGT, $LOW
null
Skip to main content Sunday | June 04, 2017 About Us | Contact | Subscribe Kailua-Kona, Hawaii West Hawaii Today Kailua-Kona, Hawaii Home Local News Volcano Update Hurricane Season Hurricane Preparedness Local Sports Submit Letter To The Editor Submit Press Release Submit A&E content News Local News Local Features Hurricane Season State Wire Nation & World Wire Features Obituaries Volcano Update Sports Local Sports Nation & World Big Fish List Opinion Letters West Hawaii Today Editorial Columns Submit a letter to the Editor Obituaries Obituaries Features At Home Magazine Real Estate Magazine Best of West Hawaii Awards North Hawaii News News Northern Notes School News Tutu's House Columns Contact Us Contact About Us Advertise Employment FAQ Newspapers in Education Privacy Statements Submit story Classifieds Announcements Real Estate Merchandise Services Legal Center Place an Ad FAQ Autos Jobs Employer Directory Job Search Job Seeker Login Post a Resume Post a Job Homes Broker/Agent Directory Place An Ad Real Estate search Calendar e-Edition Subscribe Obituaries Home News Sports Opinion Obituaries Features North Hawaii News Contact Classifieds Autos Jobs Homes Calendar e-Edition Obituaries 82 ° F Partly sunny Kailua Kona HI About Town: 6-3-17 Published June 3, 2017 - 12:05am Updated:  June 3, 2017 - 12:05am Senior ID cards issued The Coordinated Services of the Elderly Program of the Elderly Activities Division issues Senior ID cards for those age 60 or older Monday through Friday at the Aging and Disability Resource Center in Hilo. Cards will be issued from 10 a.m. to noon Monday at the Kohala Coordinated Services of the Elderly, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. Tuesday at the Kailua-Kona Kmart and from 1-3 p.m. Wednesday at the Hale Hauoli Senior Center in Honokaa. Cards will also be issued from 9-11 a.m. June 13 at L. Yoshimatsu Senior Center in Waimea, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. June 13 at the Kailua-Kona Walmart, from 9-11 a.m. June 19 at St. Jude’s Church in Hawaiian Ocean View Estates, and from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. June 28 at the West Hawaii Civic Center, Building B. Info: 961-8777. Free kupuna and caregiver talk story planned West Hawaii Mediation Center and Attorney Donna V. Payesko of Ohana Legacy Law present a free talk story on kupuna and their caregivers from 5-6:30 p.m. Tuesday at West Hawaii Civic Center, Building G. Topics of discussion include understanding the mediation process, common areas of conflict between caregivers and kupuna 60 years old and older, how to get help or get involved and elder law issues. Senior Roundtable Hui holds last meeting The final meeting of the Senior Roundtable Hui will be from 1:30-3 p.m. Tuesday at Pink Mocha Cafe, just mauka of Home Depot. The topic will be customer service for elder clients and a hui hou. Why is it important to understand elder clients’ needs? How is customer service different for older clients? What do we need to know? Also, the group will reflect on this last meeting of the Senior Roundtable Hui and subjects past and needs present. The format will be interactive and all age groups are invited. There is no charge, other than if purchasing a coffee of tea. Parking is easy access and free. Info: Laura Guluzzy, 326-2100, writerlsg@gmail.com. Freemasons meet The monthly Stated Meeting of Kona Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons will be held on Wednesday at the Kona Masonic Center, 73-5577 Kauhola St., Suite 7, Kailua-Kona. Dinner begins at 6 p.m. The meeting will be held at 7 p.m. Dessert will be available after the meeting. All members of the craft area are invited to the dinner and meeting. Info: Lee Meyerson, 326-5661. Rules for posting comments Comments posted below are from readers. In no way do they represent the view of Stephens Media LLC or this newspaper. This is a public forum. Comments may be monitored for inappropriate content but the newspaper is under no obligation to do so.  Comment posters are solely responsible under the Communications Decency Act for comments posted on this Web site. Stephens Media LLC is not liable for messages from third parties. IP and email addresses of persons who post are not treated as confidential records and will be disclosed in response to valid legal process.  Do not post: Potentially libelous statements or damaging innuendo. Obscene, explicit, or racist language. Copyrighted materials of any sort without the express permission of the copyright holder. Personal attacks, insults or threats. The use of another person's real name to disguise your identity. Comments unrelated to the story. If you believe that a commenter has not followed these guidelines, please click the FLAG icon below the comment. View the discussion thread. Search Site Trending Top Commented Most Shared 2017-06-04 00:05 Road work continues near Puuanahulu 2017-06-04 00:05 2017-06-04 00:05 Fishing tournament raises more than $12K for Autism Society of Hawaii 2017-06-04 00:05 Complaint: Company illegally harvested eucalyptus trees on Hamakua Coast 2017-06-04 00:05 Parker Ranch forecloses on German biofuel magnate 2017-06-04 00:05 Letters: 6-4-17 Subscription Services Home delivery e-Edition Single Copy Purchase Vacation Hold Feedback Subscribe   Connect Opinion Services Solutions Follow Us • About us • Our View • Subscribe • Advertise with us • Facebook • Contacts • Your view • Manage subscription • Place a classified ad • Twitter • Feedback • Local columns • Legal Center • Google Plus • FAQs • Submit a letter • RSS • Submit story Copyright ©2015 Oahu Publications, Inc. All rights reserved. • Privacy Policy
Home Download News App Live Video Channel 1 Channel 2 Traffic Map Incidents Weather Keeping your family safe during severe weather Color The Weather 7 Day Forecast Alerts Forecast Hourly Radar School/Business Closings Web Cameras News Local Tennessee Kentucky National/World Consumer Investigations Smokies Wildfires Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School USA Cycling National Championships Community Community Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes As Seen On WATE Report It! Send News Tips Meet the Team Contact Meet the Team Contact Us 70° F Overcast Hi: 82° F Lo: 65° F Forecast Radar WebCams 2 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Traffic Local Tennessee Kentucky Watercooler National/World Closings Food For Thought Consumer Investigations Rebuilding Gatlinburg Caring for Our Kids Knox County Blount County Sevier County Anderson County Hamblen County Campbell County Roane County Cumberland County Loudon County More Featured: Smokies Wildfires Latest Headlines Knoxville mom celebrates 6 months cancer free after giving birth during chemotherapy Updated: 22 mins ago The first Sunday in June is National Cancer Survivor’s Day. For one Knoxville family, that means, spending that Sunday at home together. Zoo Knoxville giving $5 discount off admission June 4, 2017 Zoo Knoxville is offering residents of nine East Tennessee counties $5 dollars off general admission Monday, June 5, through Thursday, June … Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US June 4, 2017 Park Rangers identify men who died at Great Smoky Mountain National Park June 4, 2017 The Latest: Klay Thompson is rolling again for the Warriors June 4, 2017 Weather Weather Color The Weather Alerts Almanac Closings Current Conditions Current Temperatures Forecast Hour-by-Hour Radar Web Cameras Download the Knoxville Wx App More Current Conditions 70° F Overcast Feels Like: 70° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 100% Dewpoint: 70° F Sunrise: 6:19 AM Sunset: 8:48 PM Knoxville Area Weather Forecast Radar WebCams 7-Day Sponsored by: Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School USA Cycling National Championships More Community News Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes More As Seen On WATE Report It Watch Watch Now As Seen On WATE Television Schedule Find our Channel Tennessee This Week More About Us Work For Us Contact Meet the Team Download our WATE 6 On Your Side apps Text Alerts Email Alerts Closings On Your Side Local Business Request a Tour Contests Advertising Search for: Search the site 70° F Overcast Hi: 82° F Lo: 65° F 4 bounty hunters have registered with the state since April shooting in Clarksville WKRN Published: June 3, 2017, 6:20 am Updated: June 3, 2017, 6:20 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) This combo of booking photos released by the Clarksville, Tenn., Police Department shows, top row from left, William L. Byles, Kenneth Chiasson, Antwon D. Keesee and Jonathan Schnepp; bottom row from left, Roger D. West, Prentice L. Williams and Joshua Young. Tennessee police say the seven bounty hunters and bail bondsmen have been indicted on first-degree murder and other charges in the killing of an unarmed man and the wounding of another. Authorities say 24-year-old Jalen Johnson and another man were wounded April 23, 2017, after the bounty hunters and bail bondsmen confronted Johnson and his three friends in a Wal-Mart parking lot in Clarksville, Tenn. Police said that neither Johnson nor his three friends had outstanding warrants. (Clarksville Police Department via AP) CLARKSVILLE, Tenn. (WKRN) – Bounty hunters have been working quickly to comply with Tennessee laws that require them to register with the Montgomery County Sheriff’s Office and pass a background check. Four bonding agents and three bounty hunters have been charged with murder and attempted kidnapping after firing at a car in a Neighborhood Market Walmart store on April 23. They were attempting to apprehend a man accused of skipping bond, but he was not in the car. Instead, they are accused of shooting Jalen Johnson Milan, 24,who was a passenger as three other men were also in the car. According to Clarksville Police, none of the bounty hunters had outstanding warrants. At the time of the shooting, no bounty hunters had registered in Montgomery County. Since April 23, four bounty hunters in Montgomery County have submitted applications and fingerprints for a background check. It is currently being processed, said MCSO Spokeswoman Sandra Brandon. Brandon also said the following: “State law states bounty hunters are required to submit to a criminal history background check at the Sheriff’s office at the county of the person’s permanent residence. Prior to May zero bounty hunters had submitted to a criminal background check. As of today, four individuals have. Residents of Montgomery County who are bounty hunters who have not submitted to a criminal background check can stop by the Sheriff’s Office to pick up an application to start the process.” Brandon said it is the responsibility of any bounty hunter who works in Montgomery County to go to the Sheriff’s Office for a background check. “Criminal apprehension is a dangerous occupation,” Brandon said. “For the safety of the public and bounty hunters, it is important for local law enforcement agencies to know who in their jurisdiction is working as a bounty hunter. Following the guidelines laid out by state law can prevent confusion and misidentification of individuals who have appeared to appear in court and of bounty hunters.” The following bounty hunters/bondsmen are charged with murder, attempted kidnapping and a slew of other charges: William L. Byles, 31, Clarksville Kenneth Chiasson, 38, Clarksville Antwon D. Keesee, 32, Clarksville Jonathan Schnepp, 31, Clarksville Roger D. West, 31, Clarksville Prentice L. Williams, 34, Nevada Joshua Young, 27, Clarksville The men are set for arraignment June 8 at 9 a.m. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts 7 Tennessee bounty hunters shot at wrong car, charged with murder Mistaken identity murder in Tennessee raises concerns about bond industry Bounty hunters and fugitive shoot each other dead in Texas Tennessee family files civil lawsuit after bounty hunters shoot at wrong car, kill man Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WATE.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WATE.com © 1998-2017 WATE.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site News Knoxville, TN Weather Sports Community Report It Watch More County Anderson County Blount County Campbell County Claiborne County Cocke County Cumberland County Fentress County Grainger County Greene County Hamblen County Hancock County Hawkins County Jefferson County Knox County Loudon County McMinn County Monroe County Morgan County Roane County Sevier County Scott County Union County Station Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertising Terms and Conditions and Credit Policy Work For Us FCC Public File For problems with the FCC File EEO Public Filings Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Contests Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 74° F Clear Wind NE at 2 MPH Pressure 1008 MB Dewpoint 35° F Visibility 9 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE Blotter: June 3, 2017 By Staff Friday, June 2, 2017 Suspect flees traffic stop A Clifton man was issued a cash bond in court Friday, on allegations that he fled a traffic stop at a high rate of speed in April. According to an arrest affidavit, Mesa County sheriff’s deputies recognized Abelino Sanchez behind the wheel of a blue Honda near the North Avenue Walmart. Knowing Sanchez had warrants, deputies tried to pull him over, but Sanchez refused to pull over, sped through the neighborhood and allegedly disregarded a red light at the intersection of 32 and D roads. Sanchez was issued a $1,500 cash-only bond and faces possible habitual criminal charges, a prosecutor said.   According to the Grand Junction Police Department: ■ Anthony Sabas, 27, is accused of shoplifting on May 20. ■ Joshua Powers, 29, is accused of drug possession and possession with intent to distribute drugs on May 25. ■ Jason Manzanares, 21, was cited on suspicion of shoplifting on Wednesday. ■ Roberto Monarrez, 21, was cited on suspicion of possession of an illegal weapon on Wednesday. ■ A thief stole less than $300 in property from a vehicle in the 2200 block of Orchard Avenue on Wednesday. ■ Joseph Silver, 22, was cited on suspicion of DUI on Thursday. ■ A thief entered a garage in the 300 block of Ridge View Drive on Wednesday and stole property valued at less than $10,000.   According to the Mesa County Sheriff’s Office: ■ Cameron MacGregor was cited on suspicion of theft on May 23. ■ Michael Hess, 38, is accused of menacing, drug possession, third-degree assault, theft and criminal mischief on Monday. According to the Montrose County Sheriff’s Office: ■ Bryce A. McNally, 23, is accused of DUI on Thursday. ■ Samuel R. Trujillo, 39, Montrose, is accused of domestic violence, harassment, drug possession and resisting arrest on Thursday. ■ Shelley M. Lipman, 40, Montrose, is accused of drug possession and possession of a financial transaction device on Thursday. ■ Dustin F. Dick, 31, Durango, is accused of providing false information and criminal impersonation on Thursday. ■ Michael B. Halbach, 71, Tomball, Texas, is accused of DUI and failing to report an accident on Thursday. ■ Erin E. Kelley, 34, Montrose, is accused of domestic violence and harassment on Thursday. ■ Jamaica R. Barrientos, 22, Montrose, is accused of first-degree arson on Friday. COMMENTS TOP JOBS Accountant Delta-Montrose ElectricAssociation & Elevatecurrent job openi... It/scada/automation Tech IT/SCADA/AUTOMATION TECHWater DepartmentCity of Craig Deputy Marshal The Town of Telluride, beautiful southwest Colorado resort town, is seeking a Colorado Mesa University Opportunities Registrar's OfficeVeteran's Benefits Specialist – Half-t... Registered Nurses Find Your Life's Work at HopeWestImmediate Openings for Medical Assistant Western SlopeThis position requires a high level of energy... Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2017 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
Autos Jobs Real Estate eNewspaper Subscribe Sign In Business Home Local Houston Bayou City History Education Campus Chronicles Hall Pass Texas HC Investigations Narco Confidential Texas Take Transportation Prognosis Planet Texas Neighborhoods The Observation Post Native Texan Obituaries Gray Matters Politics Houston Politics & Policy Texas Politics Texas Take Election 2016 U.S. & World Politics & Policy Politifact Texas Quorum Report US & World US News World News Space Science & Environment Politics & Policy Video Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo & Dash College Sports HS Sports Inside Houston Sports Outdoors More Sports Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Business Energy Real Estate Deal of the Week Outside the Boardroom Houston BizFeed Business People Medical Retail Technology Personal Finance Top Workplaces Chronicle 100 Bloomberg Opinion Editorials Outlook Letters to the Editor Columnists Corrections Arts & Entertainment Books Movies & TV Music, Theater & Fine Arts Rodeo Restaurants & Bars Top 100 Restaurants Comics & Games Flavor Restaurants & Bars Food & Cooking Wine, Beer & Spirits Barbecue Top 100 Restaurants Essays Recipes Lifestyle Escapes Healthy Living Home & Garden Religion & Life Passages Society Style Luxe Life Calle Houston ENewspaper Special Sections 55 Minutes 115: Houston history Chronicle 100 Cold cases Chemical Breakdown: Hidden dangers Denied: Special education in Texas DuPont Investigation HCC Investigation Jailhouse Jeopardy The Million Swamped: Houston-area flooding The Tank: Transgender inmates starting over Texas Sex Offenders Top 100 Restaurants Uncovered: A health care crisis More Special Sections Podcasts Bring It to Jerome Looped In Texas Take: The Podcast Puzzles & Games Newsletters Archive Week in review Staff and wire reports June 2, 2017 Begin Slideshow 7 Photo: Ross D. Franklin, STF Image 1of/7 Caption Close Image 1 of 7 FILE - This June 4, 2014, file photo, shows Amazon boxes in Phoenix. Amazon reports financial results Thursday, April 28, 2016. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin, File) FILE - This June 4, 2014, file photo, shows Amazon boxes in Phoenix. Amazon reports financial results Thursday, April 28, 2016. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin, File) Photo: Ross D. Franklin, STF Image 2 of 7 Kellogg Co. is closing its Houston distribution center and laying off 220 employees. The company will ship snacks to U.S. retailers' warehouses instead of directly to their stores. Kellogg Co. is closing its Houston distribution center and laying off 220 employees. The company will ship snacks to U.S. retailers' warehouses instead of directly to their stores. Photo: Gene J. Puskar, STF Image 3 of 7 A Baker Hughes location near Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston. A Baker Hughes location near Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston. Photo: Bill Montgomery Image 4 of 7 FILE -- Sean Hannity, a Fox News TV host, interviews Sen. Ted Cruz at the Texas RepublicanÃ©s presidential campaign rally in Nashville, Tenn., Feb. 26, 2016. A handful of companies have announced plans to stop advertising on Sean HannityÃ©s Fox News program in response to his unyielding support of a debunked conspiracy theory. (Joe Buglewicz/The New York Times) less FILE -- Sean Hannity, a Fox News TV host, interviews Sen. Ted Cruz at the Texas RepublicanÃ©s presidential campaign rally in Nashville, Tenn., Feb. 26, 2016. A handful of companies have announced plans to ... more Photo: JOE BUGLEWICZ, STR Image 5 of 7 Horror stories coursed through social media as British Airways canceled hundreds of flights. Damages for rebooking and compensating customers is estimated at about 100 million euros ($112 million), or about 3 percent of the annual operating profit of parent IAG SA. less Horror stories coursed through social media as British Airways canceled hundreds of flights. Damages for rebooking and compensating customers is estimated at about 100 million euros ($112 million), or about 3 ... more Photo: Luke MacGregor Image 6 of 7 LONDON, ENGLAND - MAY 28: People queue with their luggage outside Heathrow Airport Terminal 5 on May 28, 2017 in London, England. Thousands of passengers face a second day of travel disruption after a British Airways IT failure caused the airline to cancel most of its services. (Photo by Jack Taylor/Getty Images) less LONDON, ENGLAND - MAY 28: People queue with their luggage outside Heathrow Airport Terminal 5 on May 28, 2017 in London, England. Thousands of passengers face a second day of travel disruption after a British ... more Photo: Jack Taylor, Stringer Image 7 of 7 Members of Code Pink, led by Danna Miller Pyke, front with sign, picket and stage a mock arrest of Rex Tillerson, worn by Ernest Jones, as protesters gather outside of the Exxon shareholders meeting across the street from the Morton H. Meyerson Symphony Center in Dallas on Wednesday, May 31, 2017. (Nathan Hunsinger/Dallas Morning News/TNS) less Members of Code Pink, led by Danna Miller Pyke, front with sign, picket and stage a mock arrest of Rex Tillerson, worn by Ernest Jones, as protesters gather outside of the Exxon shareholders meeting across the ... more Photo: Nathan Hunsinger, MBR Week in review 1 / 7 Back to Gallery Monday Turmoil at British Airways British Airways worked to get its operations back to normal after an epic computer meltdown over a busy holiday weekend further fanned public outrage of an industry infamous for its focus on cost cuts over customer service. Tuesday Local Amazon hiring to rise Amazon.com increased the number of workers it expects to hire at the massive warehouse under construction in the Pinto Business Park at the southwest corner of Interstate 45 and Beltway 8. It says it plans to hire 2,500 full-time workers in its effort to meet growing demand and hasten delivery throughout the region. Offshore consolidation Translator To read this article in one of Houston's most-spoken languages, click on the button below. Business The secrets of America's richest county GM wants to drive the future of cars that drive themselves Oculus founder plots a comeback with a virtual border wall Universal basic income would pay everyone to improve quality of How homebuyers can leap the down payment hurdle At South Texas ranch, company aims for military history to come The offshore drilling sector begins to consolidate, with Ensco agreeing to buy Houston's Atwood Oceanics for about $850 million. Executives and analysts agree that the industry has too many players in a deep-water market that's mired in a downturn. Three Mile Island: the end? The owner of Three Mile Island, Exelon Corp., announced that the plant that was the site of a terrifying partial meltdown in 1979 will close in 2019 unless the state of Pennsylvania comes to its financial rescue. Ads return to Hannity show The San Antonio-based financial services firm USAA said it was reinstating its advertising on Sean Hannity's Fox News Channel program after receiving heavy criticism for its initial decision from many of the military members and veterans that it serves. Kellogg cuts back in area Kellogg Co. is closing its Houston distribution center and laying off 220 employees, according to documents released by the Texas Workforce Commission. Wednesday Yes on climate initiative Bucking Exxon Mobil's board, investors pushed the company to account for the threat that a warming planet and global climate policies poses to its business in a historic shareholder vote. Texas Children's to grow Texas Children's Hospital is expanding to Austin with an extensive outpatient network that would be the latest extension of its brand beyond the Texas Medical Center, its leaders said. EU clears merger The European Union's regulatory body signed off on the merger of Houston's Baker Hughes with General Electric's oil and gas division. Ohio sues drugmakers Ohio's attorney general sued five drugmakers, accusing the companies of perpetrating the state's addictions epidemic by intentionally misleading patients about the dangers of painkillers and promoting benefits of the drugs not backed by science. Thursday Foggy on cost of coverage The three insurers that offered plans on the Affordable Care Act's exchange in Houston last year appear to be returning in 2018, but only one was willing to clearly say how much it could cost customers as the deadline for filing rate increase requests came and went. Delivering the goods Walmart's newest tactic in its fight against online giant Amazon: asking its employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. The idea, Walmart executives said, is to cut costs on the so-called last-mile of deliveries, when packages are driven to customers' homes, often the most expensive part of the fulfillment process. An extreme flight United Airlines said it will start flying between Los Angeles and Singapore, a distance of about 8,700 miles, making it the longest route to or from the U.S. A piece of High Times Damian "Junior Gong" Marley is one of 20 investors who announced they had acquired a 60 percent interest in Trans-High Corp., owner of High Times, its digital platforms and its Cannabis Cup trade shows. Friday Employment peak? Speaking at the annual shareholders' meeting, Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company's investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Hints of a worker shortage A hiring pullback reported in the U.S. jobs data for May raises the prospect that employers are starting to run out of workers to hire. The economy added just 138,000 jobs, which was still high enough to help cut the unemployment rate to a 16-year low of 4.3 percent. With the recovery from the recession having reached its eighth year, hiring is gradually weakening. Staff and wire reports MONDAY Labor Department releases first-quarter productivity data. Institute for Supply Management releases its service sector index for May. Commerce Department releases factory orders for April. TUESDAY Labor Department releases job openings and labor turnover survey for April. WEDNESDAY Federal Reserve releases consumer credit data for April. THURSDAY Labor Department releases weekly jobless claims. Freddie Mac releases weekly mortgage rates. FRIDAY Commerce Department releases wholesale trade inventories for April. Houston For a Houston family, the ICE crackdown shatters the good life Business Seafarers' Center downsizes among changing tides Music Austin Mahone talks Drake, Harry Styles, Texas and crazy fans Texans Texans release two and sign free agents Top About Our Company Ad Choices Careers Terms of Use Advertising Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your California Privacy Rights Contact Subscribe eNewspaper Archives Customer Service Frequently Asked Questions Newsroom Contacts Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Google+ Connect © 2017 Hearst Newspapers, LLC.
SUBSCRIBE NOW$.56 a week Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Insider Mitch Albom Advice Archives Media USA TODAY Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Insider Mitch Albom Advice Archives Media USA TODAY Subscribe social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Readers debate Trump’s move on climate accord Readers debate President Donald Trump’s decision to remove the United States from the Paris Climate Accord. Post to Facebook Readers debate Trump’s move on climate accord Readers debate President Donald Trump’s decision to remove the United States from the Paris Climate Accord.  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/2rBH9kt {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Readers debate Trump’s move on climate accord Free Press readers 12:03 a.m. ET June 3, 2017 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE With the president’s rejection of the climate change agreement, it shows the global community our arrogance in not helping to sustain the Earth like the good stewards we were intended to be. Ron Seguin Lincoln Park I see no reason to leave, but it really isn’t an agreement to do anything specific. Its value is that the signers agree there is a problem and will do something about it. The “something” is not defined, and there are no penalties if they do too little. If we do what we planned to do, are we not doing well even if we are outside of the agreement? Michael Anthony Via Freep.com President Trump has reneged on the Paris climate agreement, demonstrating to the world that they cannot rely on any commitment by the United States of America. His rationale is that although we are the wealthiest country in the world, we will not hesitate to trade our future for greater short-term profits. Although we were the leader of the world in the 20th Century, we will turn over that mantle to China, which stands to become a world leader in clean-energy production. Although America is the world’s second-largest polluter, we are unwilling to do anything about it. The president says he is “representing Pittsburgh, not Paris,” confirming his stance that jobs today are more important that climate disasters tomorrow. He fails to realize that he should also be representing New Orleans, Key West, Charleston, California and every other state that will suffer repeated natural disasters that are the natural and expected results of climate change. George Shea Plymouth The time of subsidizing other countries ends now. The time of subsidizing able-bodied Americans ends now. We as a nation can “fight climate change,” or whatever the new slogan is, without giving away billions of dollars of our money to the world. Wesley Thomas Via Freep.com President Trump is wrong in pulling the U.S. out of the nearly 200 countries that signed the Paris Climate Accord. As a resident of the Jersey Shore, I know full well after superstorm Sandy the dangers of climate change. When companies as varied as Apple and Walmart are in favor of the deal, it shows the broad support it has and for a very good reason. We can’t have more storms like Sandy, which is a very real danger if the climate continues to worsen. Steven M. Clayton Ocean, N.J. Questions for Donald Trump and U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan: What good will saving money for our children be if they don’t have fresh air to breath and clean water to drink? Will our children thank us or curse us? Are Republicans thinking party our planet? Gerald Krajewski Dearborn On Thursday, a brighter part of America stood up. I’m so proud of city leaders including, but not limited to, the mayors of New York City, Pittsburgh, Washington, Boston and Philadelphia who have denounced Trump’s disgraceful decision to back out of the Paris agreement. Come on, Mayor Duggan — time for Detroit to stand up, too. Backbones and honor are increasingly required in today’s world. A significant number of leaders in American industry and technology have also denounced this ill-fated decision — CEO’s of steel companies and manufacturing, and yes even some knowledgeable heads of steel and coal mining companies. I say bravo to the group of Americans who understand the concept of leadership. Virginia Franklin Lathrup Village Withdrawing from this agreement will have zero effect on the innovation that consumers want and is cost-effective to produce. I applaud President Donald Trump for one more step in getting the federal government out of areas of my life that it has no constitutional authority to regulate. Raymond Bryson Via Freep.com I applaud DTE CEO Gerry Anderson on the recent announcement to mostly transition the utility away from coal by 2050. This decision is especially timely, given President Trump’s recent announcement to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris Climate Accord, so it is heartening to know business leaders have the courage to build a long-term plan to address climate change. I am the eager reservation holder of an electric vehicle (EV) and look forward to the day that the socket in my garage is my “gas station.” I challenge DTE to develop more compelling “Time-of-Use” rates that will make EV ownership even more enticing than it already is. As a military aviator that burns jet fuel for a living, with multiple tours to the Middle East, I attempt to maintain a broad perspective of the energy industry and the effect it has on our planet. I ask my fellow citizens to take small steps — as I do — to lighten our collective carbon footprint. Riding a bike to work, changing out light bulbs for high efficiency LEDs, eating less red meat and installing a smart thermostat are all small steps that can make a big difference for our planet and create a better quality of life. The cost of inaction will be far worse than anybody can imagine. Zach Mauss Royal Oak Mr. Trump is correct that an international agreement as important as the Paris Climate Accord should be ratified by the U.S. Senate. Of course, with Mitch McConnell as Senate leader, there would be no debate, let alone a vote, on this agreement. What Trump has dead wrong, however, is his contention that addressing climate change will automatically hurt the U.S. economy. A study done by Regional Economic Modeling Inc. (REMI) and Synapse Energy Economics Inc., a company which analyzed Michigan’s recent state power plan, showed there is a mitigation approach that could boost regional economies and employment, especially for the Great Lakes area. The plan, which is promoted by Citizens’ Climate Lobby, proposes placing an annually increasing fee on carbon emissions with the fees returned to families as monthly dividends. Low-income families, especially, will go out and spend these dividends and thus stimulate local economies. Decreased use of fossil fuels will also lower health costs related to the effects of air pollution. This could be the kind of future Trump promised his voters. But it is not the one he his leading them to by leaving the Paris agreement. James M. Rine Grosse Pointe Woods President Trump’s exit from the Paris Climate Accord is bad news for our American troops. Generals know that climate change is a catalyst for conflict and a direct threat to our national security, especially in the Arctic. Secretary of Defense James Mattis has testified that climate change is impacting stability in areas of the world where our troops are already operating. Since the Trump administration will fail to reduce greenhouse gases, we will pay the price in military terms. And that will include U.S. troops. Rev. Rich Peacock, Peace Action of Michigan Sterling Heights Republicans don’t want their grandchildren to inherit a huge national debt, but they don’t mind if their grandchildren inherit a dying planet. Bill Gower Via Freep.com 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2rBH9kt Paul Ryan U.S. immigration shortfalls come alive at Mackinac Nancy Kaffer Column: Who will play Upton in health farce sequel? Brian Dickerson Medicaid, food stamps cut in Trump budget plan Todd Spangler Trump says NAFTA negotiations to begin Todd Spangler Trump's wild rampage continues Mike Thompson GOP playing dangerous game with health care Brian Dickerson
Home News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV As Seen On 2 Politics Traffic Heroin at Home Nashville 2017 Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis News 2 Family Safety Day Nashville Dads Photo Galleries Video Live Take 2 Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras News 2 Family Safety Day Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Calendar Educator of the Week Tennessee Renaissance Festival Pet of the Week Lottery This Week with Bob Mueller News 2 Gives Back Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners 72° F Overcast Hi: 79° F Lo: 70° F Today’s Weather Radar Forecast Closings 5 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV As Seen On 2 Politics Traffic Heroin at Home Nashville 2017 Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis News 2 Family Safety Day Nashville Dads Photo Galleries Featured: Anne Holt's Tennessee Manchester Arena explosion Latest Headlines City officials making more accommodations for downtown party on Monday 10:14 pm With estimates of around 50,000 people in the streets of downtown Saturday night, officials underestimated the turnout. Active Shooter training taking place in Lawrence County Monday 9:49 pm The training takes place at Lawrence County High School starting at 8:30 a.m. with General Brent Cooper opening the event. 1 shot at Murfreesboro apartment complex Sunday night 9:05 pm Broadway too much of a ‘smash’ Saturday night 8:47 pm Tickets available for Stanley Cup Final viewing party Thursday 8:23 pm Video Live Take 2 Weather Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras News 2 Family Safety Day Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Current Conditions 72° F Overcast Feels Like: 72° F Wind: S 7 Humidity: 91% Dewpoint: 69° F Sunrise: 5:29 AM Sunset: 8:00 PM Nashville Weather Forecast Day Planner Radar Currently Sponsored by: Sports Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz Latest Headlines Tickets available for Stanley Cup Final viewing party Thursday 8:23 pm Tickets will be available Monday at 10:00 a.m. at Bridgestone Arena to view Game 5 of the Stanley Cup Final. Pekka Rinne delivers critical win for Predators 5:49 pm Rinne made 27 saves beating the Pittsburgh Penguins in Game 3 of the Stanley Cup Final Saturday night. Nashville helps Preds’ celebrate history with 1st Cup Final 8:02 am Metro police make 11 arrests during downtown Preds celebrations 6:51 am Albert Pujols hits 600th career homer; 9th to join club June 3, 2017 Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Calendar Educator of the Week Tennessee Renaissance Festival Pet of the Week Lottery This Week with Bob Mueller News 2 Gives Back Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners Search for: Search the site 72° F Overcast Hi: 79° F Lo: 70° F 4 bounty hunters have registered with the state since April shooting in Clarksville WKRN web staff Published: June 2, 2017, 10:01 pm Updated: June 2, 2017, 10:43 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) This combo of booking photos released by the Clarksville, Tenn., Police Department shows, top row from left, William L. Byles, Kenneth Chiasson, Antwon D. Keesee and Jonathan Schnepp; bottom row from left, Roger D. West, Prentice L. Williams and Joshua Young. Tennessee police say the seven bounty hunters and bail bondsmen have been indicted on first-degree murder and other charges in the killing of an unarmed man and the wounding of another. Authorities say 24-year-old Jalen Johnson and another man were wounded April 23, 2017, after the bounty hunters and bail bondsmen confronted Johnson and his three friends in a Wal-Mart parking lot in Clarksville, Tenn. Police said that neither Johnson nor his three friends had outstanding warrants. (Clarksville Police Department via AP) CLARKSVILLE, Tenn. (WKRN) – Bounty hunters have been working quickly to comply with Tennessee laws that require them to register with the Montgomery County Sheriff’s Office and pass a background check. Four bonding agents and three bounty hunters have been charged with murder and attempted kidnapping after firing at a car in a Neighborhood Market Walmart store on April 23. They were attempting to apprehend a man accused of skipping bond, but he was not in the car. Instead, they are accused of shooting Jalen Johnson Milan, 24,who was a passenger as three other men were also in the car. According to Clarksville Police, none of the bounty hunters had outstanding warrants. At the time of the shooting, no bounty hunters had registered in Montgomery County. RELATED: 7 bounty hunters shot at wrong car, charged with murder Since April 23, four bounty hunters in Montgomery County have submitted applications and fingerprints for a background check. It is currently being processed, said MCSO Spokeswoman Sandra Brandon. Brandon also said the following: “State law states bounty hunters are required to submit to a criminal history background check at the Sheriff’s office at the county of the person’s permanent residence. Prior to May zero bounty hunters had submitted to a criminal background check. As of today, four individuals have. Residents of Montgomery County who are bounty hunters who have not submitted to a criminal background check can stop by the Sheriff’s Office to pick up an application to start the process.” Brandon said it is the responsibility of any bounty hunter who works in Montgomery County to go to the Sheriff’s Office for a background check. “Criminal apprehension is a dangerous occupation,” Brandon said. “For the safety of the public and bounty hunters, it is important for local law enforcement agencies to know who in their jurisdiction is working as a bounty hunter. Following the guidelines laid out by state law can prevent confusion and misidentification of individuals who have appeared to appear in court and of bounty hunters.” The following bounty hunters/bondsmen are charged with murder, attempted kidnapping and a slew of other charges: William L. Byles, 31, Clarksville Kenneth Chiasson, 38, Clarksville Antwon D. Keesee, 32, Clarksville Jonathan Schnepp, 31, Clarksville Roger D. West, 31, Clarksville Prentice L. Williams, 34, Nevada Joshua Young, 27, Clarksville The men are set for arraignment June 8 at 9 a.m. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts 7 bounty hunters shot at wrong car, charged with murder Attorneys discuss lawsuit after bounty hunters shoot at wrong car, kill father Mistaken identity murder in Clarksville raises concerns about bond industry Family wants justice after bondsmen shoot, kill Clarksville father Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WKRN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKRN.com © 2000 - 2017 wkrn.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Video Sports Traffic Community Station Twitter Facebook Contact Us Advertise History Jobs at WKRN Closings & Delays Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Certification Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Nexstar Media Group Distribution Partners Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Close Navigation Home Topics What's On? Weather   -   Interactive Radar   -   Road Conditions   -   Ski Report   -   SkyCams   -   Weather Kids   -   Weather Photos   -   Severe Weather Awareness Week Sports   -   Big Buck   -   Big Fish   -   Fish & Game Forecast   -   Golf Classic   -   Hello, My Name Is   -   Hilight Zone   -   Local Scores   -   National Scores   -   UPick’Em Birthday Club Station   -   Contact Us   -   Jobs at WSAW   -   Order a Copy of a Story or Newscast That Aired on NewsChannel 7   -   Sales   -   Triple 7 Productions 7 Investigates   -   Submit a News Tip Recalls Community   -   Birthday Club   -   Gas Prices   -   Obituaries Honor Flight Subscribe   -   E-News   -   Push Alerts Livestream 2 Closings Fox Wausau MomsEveryday Local X Submit Photos and Videos Features Buddy Check 7 Pet Project Share Your Holidays Your Town Marshfield Your Town Wisconsin Rapids Close Navigation Topics Close Navigation Back Agriculture Birthday Club Community Consumer Entertainment Health High School International Local Money & Finance National National Sports NFL Offbeat Politics Regional Science State State Legislature Sunrise 7 Technology Weather Weather Videos Your Town 67°F Clear 80° 52° Wausau, WI Toggle navigation Clear 67°F News Weather Sports Community What's On? Home National Article Why U.S. businesses said "stay in the Paris accord" PHOTO: US President Donald Trump announces withdraw from Paris Climate Deal, Photo Date: 6/1/2017 - Photo: PBS By CBS |  Posted: Fri 9:41 PM, Jun 02, 2017 (CBS) -- Corporate America overwhelmingly, if fruitlessly, urged President Donald Trump to keep the U.S. in the Paris climate agreement. Why? Support for fighting climate change is in their own self-interest Likely reasons for business' backing of the accord range from its public relations impact to the 195-nation pact's value in aiding particular business strategies, such as the energy supermajors' natural gas operations. "If you were a large corporation, the herd instinct told you how to chime in" on backing the international accord, said Bill McKibben, a Middlebury College professor and environmental advocate. In announcing that the U.S. was pulling out of the Paris treaty on Thursday, Mr. Trump said it "hamstrings the United States" and would cost jobs in a host of industries such as coal and steel. The market reaction to Mr. Trump's speech from the White House Rose Garden was mixed. Peabody Energy (BTU), the largest coal company, was down 0.6 percent on Thursday, and No. 2 Arch Coal (ARCH) rose almost 0.6 percent. The largest steel firm, Nucor (NUE), advanced 1.7 percent. Agreed to in 2015, with enthusiastic support from then-President Barack Obama, the deal committed signers to voluntarily reducing their greenhouse gas emissions in a bid to fight climate change.The U.S. is the world's second-largest producer of carbon emissions, after China. Mr. Trump's decision flew in the face of a vocal campaign by large companies to keep America in the agreement, and it sparked anger among some chief executives. "Climate change is real," Jeff Immelt, CEO of General Electric (GE), said in a tweet after the president's announcement. "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." In the wake of Mr. Trump's speech, Elon Musk, head of electric-car maker Tesla (TSLA), resigned from the president's business advisory council. "Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," he tweeted.Bob Iger, chief of Walt Disney (DIS), followed suit in quitting the council over the Paris move. The hundreds of big companies that backed staying with the Paris accord run the full range of business sectors. They included retailers like Walmart (WMT), tech giants such as Apple (AAPL), automakers like General Motors (GM) and even the leading lights of the fossil fuel industry, notably Exxon Mobil (XOM). Recently, 25 large corporations took out full-page ads in newspapers urging Mr. Trump to stick with the climate pact. "By expanding markets for innovative clean technologies, the agreement generates jobs and economic growth," it read. And Darren Woods, CEO of Exxon, wrote a letter to the president arguing that staying in the agreement would ensure that "the United States will maintain a seat at the negotiating table." At the company's shareholder meeting Wednesday, he said, staying in was vital "to ensure a level playing field so that all energy sources and technologies are treated equitably." "I was elected to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris," the president said. In Mr. Trump's estimation, the Paris plan would result in 2.7 million lost American jobs lost by 2025, which environmentalists deride as wrongheaded. The American Sustainable Business Council, a group of mainly smaller companies, argues that plenty of jobs can be created without harming the environment. "The value of Paris to businesses is the clear market signal that the future is in lower carbon, rather than a chaotic and unsustainable future of business disruptions from rising seas and changing weather patterns," the group's CEO, David Levine, said in a statement. "Even U.S. presidents cannot turn back the clock on history." And indeed, employment in energy producers other than coal is surging. According to the U.S. Department of Energy in a January report, solar has more than twice as many U.S. jobs than coal -- 374,000 versus 160,000. Time was, of course, that Mr. Trump's stance was a widely held belief among American business leaders. They maintained that pollution reduction equaled job reduction. Things have changed as the public came to embrace many of environmentalists' tenets and started fearing man-made climate change. In fairness, there's no reason to question Corporate America's sincerity about fighting climate change. Company leaders want a livable world as much as anyone else. But business' advocacy for the Paris pact shows that, for a variety of reasons, support for fighting greenhouse gases now is in their own best bottom-line interest, as well. That's because: The accord isn't very radical. It legally requires no country to actually end greenhouse gas emissions.The agreement establishes loose and voluntary criteria to follow. In late 2015, every nation announced a nonbinding plan pledging to decrease the pumping of methane and carbon dioxide into the atmosphere. The accord's lack of hard mandates makes adhering to its benchmarks less than onerous. That's not to say the Paris deal is simply a feel-good exercise that will lead to no meaningful results. Fast-growing China, which has an enormous appetite for energy, has committed to weaning itself from rampant coal use because burning coal has led to an enormous pollution problem in Chinese cities. So Beijing plans to meet its targets under the Paris accord by ending construction of some 100 coal-fired electric power plants and shifting billions into vast wind and solar projects. U.S. multinationals now will face a tougher time competing overseas. As the outliers in the international business community, American companies dread being at a disadvantage that may cost them sales. The 25-company ad calling on the president to stay with the climate deal contended that "U.S. companies are well positioned to lead in these [overseas] markets. Withdrawing from the agreement will limit our access to them and could expose us to retaliatory measures." By the same token, they're leery that the U.S. government won't be able to strike favorable trade compacts that will benefit American exporters. It's good P.R. to support the deal. About seven out of 10 registered voters, or 69 percent, say the U.S. should participate in the Paris agreement, compared with 13 percent who say that the country should not, according to a November 2016 poll by the Yale Program on Climate Change Communication. "For consumer-facing companies in particular," said environmentalist McKibben, "it's not popular to oppose the Paris agreement." Certainly, backing the deal is good cover for the oil industry. Exxon, for instance, is fighting an investigation led by New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman that seeks to show that it and other energy behemoths are responsible for climate change and have covered up their culpability. In talking about the Trump White House, Larry Summers, Treasury secretary under Bill Clinton, told CNBC Thursday that he "never imagined" an administration that's "way to the right of Exxon on a fossil fuel issue." While the National Mining Association, which lobbies for the coal industry, favored pulling out of the Paris framework, two coal companies opted for staying. Cloud Peak Energy and Peabody told the White House that remaining in the accord would foster U.S. coal sales to emerging markets that still want the fuel, news reports said. It helps gas producers and hurts coal. Exxon, for instance, is the nation's largest natural gas producer, and gas is displacing coal as the preferred power-generating fuel. Gas is cheaper to produce and cleaner. Benjamin Zycher, a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute, wrote that "because the U.S. has a lot of cheap natural gas -- a substantial part of which is produced by ExxonMobil -- [the company] will have a competitive advantage within the agreement." Polluting industries can carve out an exception for themselves. While GM and some other automakers have voiced various degrees of support for the Paris treaty, they still push back against stricter federal tailpipe emissions standards. This winter, the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers wrote Environmental Protection Agency head Scott Pruitt to ask that he squelch Obama-issued emissions' rules. The trade group didn't respond to a request for comment about Mr. Trump's decision to exit the Paris accord. Meanwhile, Exxon is under investor pressure to show it's aiding the anti-climate change efforts. On Wednesday, over 62 percent of shareholders backed a nonbinding resolution requiring it to disclose the risks to its business from climate change and what policies it's following to mitigate them. Last year, only 38 percent had backed a similar motion. Under CEO Woods, Exxon now has to decide what to do, and a spokesman indicated the board will look at the issue. The company said it already has spent nearly $8 billion in emissions-reduction technology and research on shifting to lower-carbon energy products and processes. Mr. Trump characterized his decision as helping the forgotten men and women across this country. Some say that's not true. But along the way, he has evidently forgotten the U.S. business community. Quickly reporting cancer complications may boost survival Trump denounces 'horrific attack' on London 12 people arrested over London attack; death toll rises to 7 Police detain large crowd near Portland rally Run, Hide, Tell? London attack response likely saved lives Kayla Berg disappearance to air Sunday on Investigation Discovery Quickly reporting cancer complications may boost survival Trump denounces 'horrific attack' on London 12 people arrested over London attack; death toll rises to 7 Police detain large crowd near Portland rally Run, Hide, Tell? London attack response likely saved lives   News Weather Interactive Radar Road Conditions Ski Report SkyCams Weather Kids Weather Photos Severe Weather Awareness Week Sports Big Buck Big Fish Fish & Game Forecast Golf Classic Hello, My Name Is Hilight Zone Local Scores National Scores UPick’Em Birthday Club Station Contact Us Jobs at WSAW Order a Copy of a Story or Newscast That Aired on NewsChannel 7 Sales Triple 7 Productions 7 Investigates Submit a News Tip Terms of Use Privacy Policy/YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Advertising EEO Statement Public Inspection File Copyright © 2002-2017 - Designed by Gray Digital Media - Powered by Clickability wsaw.com/a?a=426049774 × Online Public Information File Click Here to access the online Public Inspection File Viewers with disabilities can get assistance accessing this station's FCC Public Inspection File by contacting the station with the information listed below. Questions or concerns relating to the accessibility of the FCC's online public file system should be directed to the FCC at 888-225-5322, 888-835-5322 (TTY), or fccinfo@fcc.gov. Public File Liaison: Jane Ploeger jane.ploeger@wsaw.com Station Contact Info: WSAW-TV 1114 Grand Ave. Wausau, WI 54403 Close
Sunday, June 4, 2017 Login Subscribe Legal ads Homes Autos Jobs Classified The Register-Guard Navigation News Home Local News Tips Obituaries Weather For the Record Latest Seven Days Celebrate 150 Community E-mail Newsletter Associated Press Top Stories Northwest Now Business Oregon Business Oregon Sports Sports Technology Entertainment Politics Weather National International Health Science Oddities Lotteries Podcasts Maps Eugene police call log Springfield police call log Lane County gas prices Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Sports Preps Oregon Ducks Football Columnist Austin Meek Oregon Ducks Basketball Track & Field Outdoors Latest Seven Days Associated Press Sports Oregon Sports Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @rgduckfootball @rgsports Business Local Latest Seven Days Blue Chip Oregon Business Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Opinion Editorials Letters Latest Seven Days Guest Viewpoint Contribute your Opinion Endorsements Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Life Lifestyles Food Tastings Healthy Families Weekend Home & Garden Outdoors Discovery Cannabis Culture Destination: Retirement Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Entertainment Entertainment Arts Movie Listings Go Entertainment Submit an event E-mail Newsletter Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Video Videos Photo galleries Obits Obituaries Obituary search Recent obituaries and guest books Purchase a tribute obituary Advertising Advertising General Advertising Information Print Advertising Digital Advertising Contact Advertising Digital Marketing Services Digital Services Information Web Design & Development Video Production Search Engine Marketing Client Portfolio Contact Classified Place a Print/Online Classified Ad All Classifieds Homes Autos Jobs Jobs at The Register-Guard   Classified Search Search The Register-Guard Google Search Proquest Newspaper Archives (back to 2001) Keywords: Google News Archive Search (back to 1867) Search Help News Local   Business Ashland-based clothing company Yala plans to move its headquarters to west Eugene in August     By Sherri Buri McDonald The Register-Guard May 26, 2017   Today’s Local stories Mother and baby son bond on trails to 50 different waterfalls in 52 weeks Owner of Eugene’s Valley River Inn continues fight against proposed 101-room hotel next door Museum gets families ‘super excited’ for Aug. 21’s celestial event Ideas to reality: If you can imagine it, MAC Group in Eugene says it can build it Wine industry transforms town once best known for its prison More Local »   A Eugene native plans to move an Ashland-based clothing company and its 10-person headquarters to west Eugene on August 1. In 2015, Kathrin Platt Gonsalves bought Yala Designs from its founders for an undisclosed price. With experience as a merchandise planner for The Gap and Walmart.com, and as chief operations officer of Burley, a Eugene bicycle trailer maker, Gonsalves is taking the leap into owning and running her own company. Yala designs casual, stylish women’s basics, and bedding and baby clothes, made of sustainable fibers, such as silk, bamboo and organic cotton. None of Yala’s products will be made in Eugene. They will be manufactured in the countries where the fabrics are produced, which is elsewhere in the United States, China and Peru, said Yala spokeswoman Jane Wiley. Gonsalves was traveling on Thursday and not available for an interview. But Gonsalves grew up in Eugene, and now a mom herself, she wants to move the company to Eugene so she can be closer to her family, Wiley said. Gonsalves also is eager for Yala to become active in the local fashion and business communities, she said. Eugene designer Katie Brown, founder of the Katie Brown LA women’s clothing line, welcomed Yala to the area. More players strengthen the local fashion community and increase awareness of it. “I think it’s great,” she said. “The more the merrier. I’m happy to hear that they’re moving up here.” Yala plans to lease a 10,500-square-foot space in the west Eugene Industrial Park at 4030 W. First St. The building will house design, sales, administration, shipping and customer service. The privately held company declined to disclose the cost of moving and setting up operations in Eugene. Five of Yala’s 10-person Ashland staff will move with the company to Eugene, and the company will hire three to five employees in the next few months for sales and customer service positions, Wiley said. The company contracts with small sewing shops, with 15 to 30 sewers and knitters, and company officials visit the factories several times a year, Yala’s website said. Yala merchandise is sold in over 500 boutiques in the U.S., through catalogs and online at yaladesigns.com. Among the company’s top-selling products is a $62 women’s striped boatneck shirt with three-quarter sleeves made of viscose from organically grown bamboo and Spandex. Nancy and Larry Morgan founded Yala in Ashland in 1996. Their original product, which sells online for $98, was the DreamSack, a silk sleep sack that can be used as a sleeping bag liner or an extra layer of bedding. The Morgans came up with the idea while traveling in China, where they often slept on beds without sheets or mattresses, and sometimes even on grass. The sleep sack was a lightweight, portable solution to getting a comfortable night’s sleep. Yala designers focus on soft, sustainably sourced fibers from organically grown plants and humanely treated animals. The clothing is made with low-impact dyes, and the water used to dye fabrics is collected, cleaned and reused, according to the company’s website Follow Sherri on Twitter @sburimcdonald . Email sherri@registerguard.com . More Business articles »     RG Daily Digest Get our top headlines delivered to your inbox.         Today’s Local stories 7:25 p.m. Animals Greenhill calls in the foster troops to help during “kitten season” 1:43 p.m. Springfield Police Spike strip deployed in Oakridge after man allegedly eludes Springfield police 11:53 a.m. Weather Mild Sunday weather precedes warmer forecast 11:36 a.m. Local News A reunion decades in the making 11:04 a.m. Business Eugene climber plans to open Elevation Bouldering Gym in Whiteaker neighborhood 10:52 a.m. Courts Eugene woman seeks $80,000 in lawsuit alleging attack by Australian shepherd dog 10:40 a.m. Rural Crime Myrtle Creek man charged with murder, kidnapping 10:23 a.m. Eugene Police Eugene police seek public’s help in locating 18-year-old male missing since Thursday Recreation Mother and baby son bond on trails to 50 different waterfalls in 52 weeks Real Estate Development Owner of Eugene’s Valley River Inn continues fight against proposed 101-room hotel next door Solar Eclipse Museum gets families ‘super excited’ for Aug. 21’s celestial event Springfield Government Springfield City Council continues discussions over police tax levy extension Oregon Legislator gives voice to Oregon Latinos Environment Eugene, Springfield, Lane County get federal grant to study polluted sites Business Ideas to reality: If you can imagine it, MAC Group in Eugene says it can build it Northwest Wine industry transforms town once best known for its prison Northwest Wildflowers flourish on Washington’s Hope Island after fire Business Eugene pewtersmith’s bright designs commemorate coming darkness of eclipse Courts Two plead guilty in 2016 stabbing death at Alton Baker Park University Of Oregon Water leak causes $20,000 in damage to UO museum, but spares fossils and other artifacts Local News Road Report Local News Willamalane Highlights Local News Volunteers Business Calendar Local News For the Record Local News Community Schools achievements Schools Opportunities 11:51 p.m. Local News A story of hope, challenge, survival 11:51 p.m. Local News Several Eugene papers had short-lived histories 11:51 p.m. Local News UO’s first graduating class: five students 11:51 p.m. Local News Area gets a major flood, first UO football victory 11:51 p.m. Local News ‘I hope to meet you all in the other world’ 11:51 p.m. Local News ‘Eugene will be by next fall in a class by itself’ 11:51 p.m. Local News Airport built, booze ruled out, and Klan arrives 11:51 p.m. Local News Guard publisher buys the competing paper 11:51 p.m. Local News Civic Stadium goes up; Lane County goes to war 11:51 p.m. Local News Editors take on a dam project and a senator 11:51 p.m. Local News Register-Guard mourns loss of its two pillars 11:51 p.m. Local News An escaped killer, Elvis — and the ‘Big Snow’ 11:51 p.m. Local News The volcano, the Bhagwan, a morning paper Local News TIMELINE 11:51 p.m. Local News Next generation sees changing of the Guard 11:50 p.m. Local News ‘This was our town ... these are our people’     Sports Prep Baseball Churchill wins Class 5A state baseball championship KEIZER — Jose Chavez woke up Saturday morning hoping for redemption, and the Churchill senior earned it in the sweetest way imaginable. Chavez bounced back from his worst outing of the season to twirl a … Marist captures Class 5A state softball title Oregon State puts on a show against Yale in an 11-0 rout Oregon Ducks softball downs LSU Tigers, 4-1, to reach semifinals at Women’s College World Series More Sports » Lifestyles Books One for the books Siblings collect stories from Oregonians about books that influenced their lives VENETA — Standing in the tall grass outside a barn, siblings Kelsey and Jeff Geiger discuss their mission. Behind them is a bookmobile with big blue block letters that scream “Free Books!” Roosters putz around … Add ‘Wildman’ to list of books for graduates In a land where nothing’s familiar, connections come from the heart Books to breeze through this summer More Lifestyles » Weekend Out and About Stretch the imagination Sit back, relax to enjoy impressive season of outdoor concerts, movies, plays Mild summer nights, even during the work week, are the only excuse most of us need to pack a picnic dinner, grab a few blankets and head to our neighborhood parks to enjoy a truly … Weekend events for Lane County and beyond, June 3-4 Structured playtime Patio décor sets free-spirited tone More Weekend »   Quick links Submit News tips Letters to the editor Births / Weddings / Obituaries Entertainment event Education Extra Volunteer of the month Contact the newsroom Connect Promotions / Contests Email newsletters Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Volunteer Support Services About The Register-Guard Give us feedback Contact The Register-Guard Marketplace Homes Autos Jobs General Classifieds Digital Services Advertising Info Contact Advertising Classified Advertising Info Place a Classified ad Jobs at The Register-Guard Buy a photo Subscriber Services Today's front page Subscribe E-Edition Manage your account Archive Back issues Contact Subscriber Services Newspapers in Education Become a newspaper carrier The Register-Guard • 3500 Chad Drive • Eugene, OR • 97408 / (541) 485-1234 / Feedback Copyright © 1996–2017 / Terms / Privacy / Copyright
null
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us י' סיון תשע"ז   |   Sunday, June 4, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Business Briefs – June 4, 2017 Business Briefs – June 4, 2017 Sunday, June 4, 2017 at 7:16 pm | י' סיון תשע"ז Jobs Data Could Signal Shortage Of Qualified Workers to Hire WASHINGTON (AP) – A hiring pullback captured in Friday’s U.S. jobs report raises the prospect that employers are starting to run out of qualified workers to hire. Employers added just 138,000 jobs in May, though that was enough to help cut the unemployment rate to a 16-year low of 4.3 percent. Companies are now choosing from among a smaller pool of applicants, especially for those who have the education or skills they need. One unusual characteristic of today’s job market is that the unemployment rate keeps falling even as hiring has slowed. Economists say the main reason is that the proportion of adults who either have a job or are looking or one has remained unusually low. Once people stop looking for a job, they’re no longer counted as unemployed. Contributing to the trend has been the continuing retirements of America’s vast generation of baby boomers. In addition, companies are increasingly seeking workers with college degrees or specialized know-how — construction experience, for example, or a background in machine automation. Quitting Paris Likely to Have Muted Effect in Key Industries DALLAS (AP) – President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it’s voluntary and doesn’t carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. “What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement,” said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. “And that’s not likely to change fundamentals very much at all.” Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren’t likely to change course. Walmart Touts Investment in People, Technology as Advantages FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) – Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company’s investments in people and technology at its shareholder meeting. He also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. President Faces Tough Task Unwinding Obama Cuba Policy HAVANA (AP) – President Trump faces a complex scenario as Cuban-American legislators and lobbyists pressure him to fulfil his campaign promise to undo Obama’s detente with the Cuba. Administration officials say the Trump administration is weeks away from announcing a new Cuba policy that would prohibit business with the Cuban military while maintaining the full diplomatic relations restored by Obama. Retirees at GE Plant in Canada See Hope for Health Claims PETERBOROUGH, Ontario (AP) – Retired workers at a General Electric factory in Canada have long blamed cancers on decades spent in proximity to toxins inside the huge GE plant northeast of Toronto. Many had their health claims denied. But a newly published analysis of workplace safety at the Peterborough plant has prompted Ontario’s labor minister to publicly back the retirees. Google’s Chrome Browser to Block Some Ads Starting Next Year NEW YORK (AP) – Websites that run annoying ads such as pop-ups may find all ads blocked by Google’s Chrome browser starting next year. The digital-ad giant’s announcement comes as hundreds of millions of users have already installed ad blockers on their desktop computers and phones to combat ads that track them and make browsing sites difficult. Print Email Gmail Related Business Briefs – February 5, 2017 Business Briefs – February 23, 2017 Business Briefs – February 19, 2017 Business Briefs – April 20, 2017 Business Briefs – March 26, 2017 More in Business Stocks Set Records Again; Bond Yields Sink After Jobs Report Warren Buffett’s Annual Lunch Auction Starts Sunday Evening Trouble Brews for OPEC as Expensive Deep-Sea Oil Turns Cheap World Bank Sees Global Economy Growing 2.7 Percent This Year Boeing Puts 737 Up Against Small Business Jets for $6.9B Defense Contract OP-ED Hearing Aids for Hunters The U.N. Human Rights Council Whitewashes Brutality The Tune of Tehillim Shavuos — Infinite Fruit Mortal Etiquette vs. Immortal Truth Why Middle East peace starts in Saudi Arabia Close Call? The President’s Proposed New Drone Rules ‘What I Am Doing Is Right’: Remembering an American Hero on Memorial Day Seeking Out Tzaddikim Voting-Rights Activists Should Love the Supreme Court’s Ruling Entitled to Survive The Message From Riyadh A Display of Genuine Friendship Features Faye Lehrer-Tusk (Part III) My Husband’s Anger Issues are Affecting Our Family This Day In History 11 Sivan/June 5 All Encompassing Sudoku – June 5, 2017 Nichum Aveilim 11 Sivan/June 5 Editorial Cartoon – June 5, 2017 Nichum Aveilim 5 Sivan/May 30 This Day In History 5 Sivan/May 30 Science: How We Know That We Know What We Know Shavuos Treats Sudoku – May 30, 2017 Faye Lehrer-Tusk (Part II) Social Issues at Camp Weather » Brooklyn °F See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 6,305.80 +58.9663 (+0.9439%) S&P 500 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.8866 GBP 0.7770 ILS 3.5490 CHF 0.9632 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of June 5-9, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of June 5-9, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – Northbound traffic has been shifted to the two outside lanes within the work zone and the inside (left) lane is closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive). Motorists should be alert for advance warning signs and move to the right lanes well ahead of the work zone. Shoulders are closed, travel lanes are narrowed and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Hilton Heights Road and Berkmar Drive. Motorists should follow signs directing them through the work zone.  The entrance to Sam’s Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. There may be intermittent lane restrictions and closures on Rio Mills Road near the Berkmar bridge while materials are moved out of the work area under the bridge. Motorists may encounter brief delays. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. (UPDATE) Hillsdale Drive Extended – Zan Road is closed between Line Drive and Seminole Court while the road is reconstructed. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SHARE YOUR INPUT ON RT. 53-618 ROUNDABOUT PROJECT – Submit comments in person June 13, via mail or email by June 23 Next PostNext One lane of Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) in Buchanan County scheduled to reopen Monday (June 5) Search Recent Posts Global Growth Set to Strengthen to 2.7 percent as Outlook Brightens June 5 – 11: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert One lane of Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) in Buchanan County scheduled to reopen Monday (June 5) One lane of Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) in Buchanan County scheduled to reopen Monday (June 5) RIO RD.-FOUR SEASONS DR. TRAFFIC SIGNAL TO BE REMOVED MAY 30 – VDOT adjusting pavement markings at the intersection for better visibility, operations Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman June 5 – 11: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic. To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information. Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.   INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***F310 bridge rehabilitation over I-81 at Exit 10: Rehabilitation of the Route F310 bridge over Interstate 81 at exit 10 will begin soon. Signals will be installed to control one-way traffic over the interstate. Also be alert to nighttime lane closures on I-81 near exit 10 due to this effort. (Completion: fall 2018)   ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of June 5, be alert to flagging and heavy equipment on Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison Drive due to bridge work and the paving of the new road grade for northbound I-81. (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail. (Completion: June 2017) Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive. (Completion: June 14, 2017) ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: No lane closures are scheduled for maintenance activities on I-77 this week; however, be alert to work along the road shoulder such as debris removal and sign repairs. ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on southbound I-81 in Wythe County due to pothole patching between mile markers 68 and 60. PRIMARY HIGHWAYS AND HIGH TRAFFIC SECONDARY ROADS: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Buchanan County ***Route 624 (Garden Creek Road): Slide repairs continue, however, crews have worked diligently to reopen one lane along Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) in Buchanan County Monday (June 5). Be alert to flaggers controlling one-way traffic through the work zone. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays while repairs are ongoing. (Completion: June 2017)     Grayson County Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)   Lee County ***Water Line Projects: Due to a water line project, motorists should be alert to slight delays along Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017) Russell County ***Alternate Route 58 bridge repairs: Due to repairs to the westbound Alternate Route 58 bridges over Copper Creek in Russell County, traffic will be restricted to one, 9-foot-wide lane June 7 – 9 due to a right lane closure and June 14 – 16 due to a left lane closure. The bridge is located near the intersection of Route 71. Vehicles over 9-feet-wide should plan alternate routes while the closures are in place.   Flashing Yellow Arrow Install: The flashing yellow arrow signals have been installed at the intersection of Route 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Route 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon and will be fully operational in the coming weeks. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.  Scott County Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early June 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects: Water line installation work along Route 71 (Nickelsville Highway) and connecting secondary routes between Route 792 (Slabtown Road) and Route 790 (Pin Oak Circle). (Completion: Spring 2018) Power line installation along U.S. Route 23 between Route 58 at Duffield and Route 871 (Natural Tunnel Parkway). (Completion: Spring 2018) Utility installation work along Route 23 in the Weber City area between Gate City and the Route 23/Route 614 (Yuma Road) intersection. (Completion: summer 2017)   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)   Tazewell County Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)     Wise County ***Route 610 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 610 bridge in Wise County located one mile from the intersection of Route 23 at the Vulcan Materials quarry, the route will be closed from 9 a.m. Tuesday (June 6) until noon Thursday (June 8). Detour routes will be Route 610 and Route 23. Motorists should also be alert to delays Monday (June 5) while crews prepare for the bridge replacement. (Completion: Noon June 8, 2017) Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installations at the following locations: The Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017) In the Stonega community in Wise County near Appalachia, involving lane closures along Routes 78 and 600.  (Completion: spring 2018). Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)   Completed Water Line Projects: The following water line projects in Lee County have been completed: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road).   Route 672 (Stump Town Road): Repairs to a cattle guard crossing along a section of Route 672 (Stump Town Road) in Russell County have been completed. Route 613 railroad crossing repairs: Repairs to the Route 613 (Gunton Park Road) railroad crossing in Wythe County has been completed. Route 610 culvert replacement: Replacement of a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area of Wise County has been completed.   (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious One lane of Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) in Buchanan County scheduled to reopen Monday (June 5) Next PostNext Global Growth Set to Strengthen to 2.7 percent as Outlook Brightens Search Recent Posts Global Growth Set to Strengthen to 2.7 percent as Outlook Brightens June 5 – 11: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert One lane of Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) in Buchanan County scheduled to reopen Monday (June 5) One lane of Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) in Buchanan County scheduled to reopen Monday (June 5) RIO RD.-FOUR SEASONS DR. TRAFFIC SIGNAL TO BE REMOVED MAY 30 – VDOT adjusting pavement markings at the intersection for better visibility, operations Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Sign in or Subscribe See Offers News News Home Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine’s Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Home High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Community Opinion Opinion Home Letters to the Editor Lifestyle Sustainable Living Things To Do In Maine Obituaries Pressherald.com Mainetoday.com Events Classified Real Estate Local Offers Jobs Purchase Photos Public Notices Puzzles Sudoku Crossword e-Editions Newsletters My Account Support Home Delivery Help FAQ Reader Services Contact Us Subscribe Advertise Special Sections Open Centralmaine Home Menu News News Protesters face off in Oregon in wake of anti-Muslim tirade that led to 2 killings More Headlines Islamic State group claims responsibility for deadly London attack Jimmie Johnson extends Dover track record with 11th victory More in News Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine's Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Benintendi belts 2 homers to power Sox past Orioles More Headlines Bridgeway, Winthrop emerge to take high seeds as baseball playoffs near Even at 87, John Neff is one of the Maine Appalachian Trail Club’s most dedicated volunteers More in Sports High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Opinion Opinion Our View: Fully funding education is basis of state budget deal More Headlines Jim Fossel: Trump’s pretty good trip abroad Alan Caron: Now more than ever, Democrats should rally behind Angus King More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Community Community Lakewood Continuing Care welcomes certified nurses’ aide graduates More Headlines Central Maine business briefs Windsor student recognized as Promising Young Writer More in Community Celebrations Obituaries Lifestyle Lifestyle Movie Times More Headlines Add flower power to your plate with hostas TRAVELIN’ MAINE(RS): Ogunquit More in Lifestyle Sustainable Living Food Books Things to do in Maine Sudoku Crossword Local Offers Local Offers Test More Headlines More in Local Offers <div style="display:none;">test</div> Real Estate Real Estate 6 Kennison St., Manchester More Headlines ‘Little’ upgrades can mean a lot to home-buyers Make your back yard an oasis this summer More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Public Notices Jobs Subscriber Log in Welcome Log Out Subscribe   Schools and Education Posted Yesterday at 4:32 PM Updated June 4 increase font size MCI graduates 110 in 148th commencement exercises 1966 alum Norbert W. Young Jr. urges grads to draw on their strong MCI foundation in the future. By Amy CalderStaff Writer Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Email Writer 207-861-9247 Share Comment Read Article 1 of 8 Maine Central Institute student Emily Richmond wipes away tears beside fellow student Carter Pearl as Headmaster Christopher Hopkins announces awards to the students during commencement in Pittsfield on Sunday. Staff photo by David Leaming PITTSFIELD — Norbert W. Young Jr. stood on the stage Sunday to give the keynote address at Maine Central Institute’s 148th commencement exercises, 51 years after he gave the valedictory address at his own graduation from the school. Young, president of MCI’s Board of Trustees and a successful architect who has spent his career in the designing and construction industry, looked out over a sea of more than 900 faces, 110 of which were those of graduating seniors. He recalled giving his speech to fellow seniors in 1966 and being very anxious about the future, and of going off to college. He wondered aloud Sunday if students in the Class of 2017 felt the same way. Then, Young sought to allay their fears. He said he discovered something remarkable after he enrolled in college and moved forward in his life: that what he had learned and experienced at MCI served as a great foundation for him. Thanks to his teachers, he was prodded, challenged, nurtured and occasionally rewarded, which helped pave the way for his long and fortunate career. “Believe me, without the foundation I received here at MCI, none of these would have been possible — none without MCI,” Young said. When Young graduated from MCI, his father was a beloved teacher and coach, according to MCI Headmaster Christopher Hopkins. Hopkins said Young, who lives most of the time in New York City but also spends part of the year in Maine, has served tirelessly as trustee president. He has sacrificed his time to serve the school, with his only compensation the pride and sense of contribution he gives in service to the institution, according to Hopkins. Young asked each senior to find time to draw on his or her own strong MCI foundation in the future. He left the students with one last thought from Yogi Berra: “‘When you come to a fork in the road, take it,'” he said. MCI enrolls students from all over the world and is the secondary school for School Administrative District 53, which includes the towns of Pittsfield, Burnham and Detroit. Brayden Harvey Rollins, valedictorian of the Class of 2017, told the crowd Sunday in Wright Gymnasium that the class is unique compared to graduating classes of the past. He spoke of entering MCI four years ago, an insecure, shy freshman who never imagined he would succeed in high school, let alone be standing on the stage at graduation, giving a speech. But he changed over the four years, which led him to become a confident senior, he said. Teachers, including Johnny Buys, who teaches English and film, helped him to discover his interests. “Mr. Buys was able to fuel a fire in me and I will always be sure to go and find my fire every day,” Rollins said. Rollins said that as he progressed at MCI, fellow students became friends and he gained more and more confidence. The sense of friendship and companionship in the class of 2017 sets the class apart from others, according to Rollins. “We as a class have made a mark through our companionship with one another,” he said. As seniors lined up outside the gymnasium before marching in to “Pomp and Circumstance,” performed on keyboard by Gerry Wright, they spoke of their experiences at MCI. Clark Zhang, 19, of Shanghai, China, said that coming from a city, it was different being in a rural setting but he enjoyed the environment, including the clean air. He also appreciated his teachers, who helped him to become a critical thinker, and the way people in the U.S. encourage youth to pursue their dreams. Zhang said he would be leaving today for China to spend time with his family and then attend SUNY Buffalo, where he plans to study math. Later on he hopes to get a job in the U.S. “I may study computer science later — it depends on how I do on my AP exam,” he said. Longtime friends Jack Reed of Pittsfield, and Chelsea Lydem of Burnham, both 18, said they were excited to be graduating, and a little nervous. Lydem said she will attend University of Maine, Augusta, to study to become a veterinary technician. From November to March, she volunteered at Timberland Animal Hospital in Orono to see what the job would be like. “I can’t wait — I’m excited,” she said. “I came to MCI my junior year from Mount View (High School). All my teachers were awesome here. They really prepare you for everything.” Reed said he will continue working at his job at Wal-Mart for a while and then hopes to attend Kennebec Valley Community College in Fairfield to study business management and marketing. MCI prepared him well for that, he said. “I’m really honored to have gone to this school,” he said. “The atmosphere and the community are so wonderful here and the teachers and the students really care about you.” Reed said he hopes to move out of state after college and own or manage a business. “This is home and I love my home but I really do feel like I have to close that chapter of my life and move on,” he said. “But I will come back.” Amy Calder — 861-9247 [email protected] Twitter: @AmyCalder17 Share Read or Post Comments Send questions/comments to the editors. Want the news vital to Maine? Our daily headlines email is delivered to your inbox each morning. Sign up by entering your email address below. Email* Newsletter Choices* Daily Headlines Breaking News High School Sports * I understand the Terms of Service. This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. Recent Read Shared Protesters face off in Oregon in wake of anti-Muslim tirade that led to 2 killings Islamic State group claims responsibility for deadly London attack Jimmie Johnson extends Dover track record with 11th victory Benintendi belts 2 homers to power Sox past Orioles Pending budget, Maine attorneys are defending the poor for free Augusta City Center closes after angry man unleashes 100 live bedbugs One person dies after Kennedy Memorial Drive crash that sent three to hospital Skowhegan police investigating discovery of body in woods Woman killed, 2 others severely injured in crash on Route 27 in Dresden Police identify man who died in Oakland crash Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret YMCA day care sued after asking mom to breastfeed out of boys’ sight Eagle sickened after feeding on dead animal Feedback from Hallowell residents key to Fire Department vote Augusta City Center closes after angry man unleashes 100 live bedbugs Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
[fiatalert] Business Directory Contact Us Careers Real Estate Business DirectoryContact UsCareersReal Estate Home News Sections Local News Metro, State, Nation Business Lifestyle Food & Enternatinment Opinion Sports Trib TV Obituaries E-Paper Features Local Legal Tribune Treasures Industry Spotlight Real Estate Home and Garden Community Events HomeNews Sections    Local News    Metro, State, Nation    Business    Lifestyle    Food & Enternatinment    OpinionSportsTrib TVObituariesE-PaperFeatures    Local Legal    Tribune Treasures    Industry Spotlight    Real Estate    Home and GardenCommunity Events jav-legend You Are Here: Home » Local News » Residents held fundraiser for Springville woman with cancer, raised more than $4,000 Residents held fundraiser for Springville woman with cancer, raised more than $4,000 Posted by: Chris Yow Posted date: June 04, 2017 By Nathan Prewett For the Tribune SPRINGVILLE – “I’m a cancer survivor myself,” said Amanda Baker Flynn of Springville. “This is my giving back to someone in need because in ’93 when I went through it you didn’t have social media, you didn’t have all the outlets to do something like this.” Flynn was speaking of the fundraiser for Page Patterson, 38, a Springville resident who was diagnosed with colorectal cancer. On Saturday morning through the afternoon, the fundraiser was held at MacDonald Club Farmhouse in Springville for Patterson to alleviate the costs of intensive chemo therapy as she provides for her two small children. “I think this will be a burden lifted off her,” she said. “It’ll be one less worry she has to have. It’s just been a phenomenal outpour of support for her. If this money would help her take her kids somewhere and have a good time and put a smile on their face and hers it’s well worth it.” Flynn and Patterson were once neighbors in Springville and have known each other for 15 years. She said that the community has been highly responsive in helping out, particularly those in the neighborhood. “I couldn’t have done this without the people in this neighborhood,” Flynn said. “It’s just been a tremendous outpouring of support. It’s turned out better than I could ever have imagined.” The amount of money that the event raised for Patterson exceeded Flynn’s expectations, who initially thought that they would raise around $1,000 to $2,000. $4,604 was raised by the end of the event. Flynn estimated were in the hundreds, many of them from the Birmingham Metro area. Flynn credited promotion through Facebook as being part of the success of the fundraiser. “It’s been a culmination of everybody pitching in and helping,” she said. “It’s just been wonderful. It surpassed what I thought it was going to do.” There was a raffle for a trip to the Fantasy of Lights Christmas Parade in Gatlinburg, TN. In addition to this there was a raffle for a Yeti Cooler and a one year membership to Hometown Fitness in Odenville. Vendors that applied to be present at the fundraiser were required to donate items to raffle off. Food, drink and condiments were donated by Frito Lay, Argo Hardware, Buffalo Rock, Burton’s Food Store. A Wal-Mart in Springville provided $100 for the organizers to spend on the event. “Everything has been donated,” Flynn said. “We have literally not had to buy anything. I just told them what it was about and they just graciously handed me stuff.” The event hosted a hotdog sale and a bake sell, as well as vendors including Jenny’s Jewels, Lipsense, 31, LuLaRoe and SadieBeth Boutique. Flynn said that if she is able to, she may hold a similar event, if not for Patterson, then for others in need. “It’s just a passion of mine to give back because I was, by the grace of God, he healed me and not everybody has that grace,” she said. “And I feel like this has taken a small portion of my time away to do something good for somebody else. It’s incomprehensible what this can do for somebody.” ‹ Previous Next › Related posts Shelby County man arrested for attempted murder of ex-girlfriend 12 suspects arrested in connection to London attacks BREAKING: Multiple people injured in violent ‘incidents’ in London Southeastern Bible College to close due to financial troubles Tribune Digital Media Tribune Sports Live twitter facebook google plus LinkedIn rss Created by FerretNet - (http://www.ferretnet.com), AdLab and Filmdog Media (http://www.filmdogmedia.com). Content & Website Copyright 2012 by the Trussville Tribune.
Log In Advanced Articles Ads Businesses Events Videos Search  NEWCOMERS   RVL MAGAZINE   DINING GUIDE   MEDICAL DIRECTORY   e-Edition   SUBSCRIBE   ADVERTISE   NEWS ALERTS   JOBS  Home News Sports RVL Opinion Blogs Events/Photos Archive My Content Classifieds Biz Directory Local Obituaries State Crime Education Community Faith Politics/Government Nation World Business Online Features Youth High school College Professional Outdoors Features Announcements Lunch Menus Forms Editorials Columnists Letters to the Editor Submit a letter Sean Ingram David Meadows News briefs Photos Community calendar Post your event My content My profiles My events My blogs My buddies Browse classifieds Submit a classified Restaurants Shopping Sports and recreation Hotels/Lodging Health Real estate Other June 4, 2017 Health reports The Courier Your Messenger For The River Valley 10:00 AM, Sunday, June 04 2017 | 162 views | 0  | 0   |  |  Public health officials inspect restaurants for foodborne illness risk factors and good retail practices. The following items were listed on reports from Pope County restaurants inspected May 30-31: May 30, 2017 â˘ Browns Country Catfish, 1804 E Main St, Russellville Foodborne illness risk factors -- In compliance, no violations. Good retail practices -- In compliance, no violations. May 31, 2017 â˘ Walmart Super Center 58-Food, 2409 E. Main St., Russellville Foodborne illness risk factors -- In compliance, no violations. Good retail practices -- In compliance, no violations. Copyright 2017 The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley. All rights reserved. Share This Article | similar stories Health Reports | 14 days ago The Courier Your Messenger For The River Valley Copyright 2017 The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley. All rights reserved. Health reports | 7 days ago The Courier Your Messenger For The River Valley Copyright 2017 The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley. All rights reserved. Health reports | 28 days ago The Courier Your Messenger For The River Valley Copyright 2017 The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley. All rights reserved. Man accused in road-rage killing of child to be committed | 25 days ago by The Associated Press Associated Press Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Health Reports | 21 days ago The Courier Your Messenger For The River Valley Copyright 2017 The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley. All rights reserved. Comments (0) Post a Comment No Comments Yet Contact Us | About Us | Newsstands | Subscriptions | Advertising | Support Software powered by Sole Solution. Content © 2017 Russellville Newspapers Inc. The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley in Russellville, AR. MEMBER OF THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Associated Press is entitled exclusively to the use of or republication of all the local news printed in this newspaper as well as AP news dispatches.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad REVEALED: Killer jihadi, 27, 'radicalized by YouTube' was known to British police and was filmed arguing with cops after unfurling ISIS flag in a park one year before London Bridge terror attack 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologizes to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her voice... after criticizing her for jetting home following Manchester attack I saw three jihadis shot dead - bang, bang, bang: Dramatic pictures taken by eyewitness who was just yards away show moment eight police cut down terrorists in a hail of 50 bullets  'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry': Ariana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim gave her during UK concert US Ambassador breaks ranks with Trump to PRAISE Mayor Sadiq Khan after the president criticized the London mayor for his response to capital's terror attack How dare the US say 'we are reeling': They know nothing of our resilience, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  'Alarmist blowhard' Trump faces furious backlash over his tweet condemning London Mayor just hours after London terror attack Former New York Knicks head coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing and flipping his car with Basketball Wives star girlfriend Gloria Govan in the passenger seat Fed up with having horrible arguments at home? Relationship coach reveals the one word that will defuse EVERY marital row (and it's not 'sorry') 'What I did was absolutely immoral, but not illegal': Designer who first put Ivanka Trump on the catwalk speaks out against his 59-year sentence for rape An $8 bottle of wine from grocery chain ALDI is voted among best in the world Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' Smash hit Wonder Woman makes $101.4MILLION over the weekend as it becomes highest-grossing film by a female director EVER 'His toenails were so long they clicked on the floor like a dog': People reveal why they REALLY dumped their ex in brutally honest online confessions London jihadi was 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as he asked a neighbor about hiring a truck: Father of two, who hid his hated of Western values behind 'nice guy' mask, tried to 'radicalize children' PIERS MORGAN: British Prime Minister Theresa May talks tough now but what did she do when she was in charge of the Home Office? She cut police numbers by 20,000. And now we're paying the price in blood. The detective's notes that suggest suspect was known to terror police: Hand written comments show person involved in the investigation was 'interrogated' by police last year  'Islamophobia hasn't killed anyone': Australia's former PM slams officials for soft response to terror as he calls for 'shoot-to-kill' commando units to guard against Australian attacks 'He looked like a f*****g Muslim terrorist': Straight-talking Australian describes how he was stabbed in the neck by London jihadi on his LAST night in the UK before flying home  Hero journalist who tweeted 'it isn't happening on my watch' before using his martial arts skills to tackle London Bridge terrorists now CANNOT SPEAK after being stabbed in the neck  ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge attack with sick posts vowing more terror  'I saw a man carrying knives and I just started running. He was less than 10ft behind me': Trainee nurse, 19, reveals terrifying escape from London attacker  'Don't confuse grief with lack of courage': Britain hits back against New York Times claims nation is 'still reeling from Manchester terror'  'This is for my family, this is for Islam': Mother reveals what deluded Jihadi knifeman yelled as he plunged a 12-inch blade into the stomach of her son, 23, leaving a scar stretching from his belly to his back Previous Next The Google employee and his wife who lived in a $2,000 RV in the company's parking lot for TWO YEARS to save money so they could afford to buy a real home Pete D’Andrea works at Google and used to live in the company's parking lot Him and his wife Kara slept and cooked in a tiny Winnebago for almost two years They originally paid $1,900 for the RV and maximized the small space by having a folding sink, a makeshift toilet and mounted mattress Kara and Pete have since moved into a real house, but said 'having a mortgage has been way more stressful' than sharing the RV By Amanda Ulrich For Dailymail.com Published: 10:31 EDT, 4 June 2017 | Updated: 20:28 EDT, 4 June 2017 e-mail 77 shares 193 View comments For Pete D’Andrea, getting a job at Google on the company's self-driving car team was a dream come true. But him and his wife Kara had already been living out of a Winnebago RV for months, and were wary of blowing Pete's newfound salary on rent in Silicon Valley.  The logical solution - parking their makeshift house-on-wheels in the Google parking lot and living out of it for almost two years. The couple gave Business Insider a tour of their RV, which they had originally paid $1,900 for, pointing out the ways they had maximized the tiny space. A mounted twin bed takes up most of the larger space, but allows for storage underneath. The minuscule bathroom is multi-purpose, and includes a sink that folds down and a shower head that can be coiled away.  Scroll down for video  Pete D’Andrea works at Google and used to live in the company's parking lot. Him and his wife Kara slept and cooked in a tiny Winnebago for almost two years They originally paid $1,900 for the RV and maximized the small space by having a folding sink, a makeshift toilet and mounted mattress A person can only fit in the bathroom, however, if they keep the door open or slide two wall panels out. The toilet has a bowl instead of a tank, which is emptied after every use.  The lack of amenities, amazingly, did not deter Pete's coworkers from visiting. 'People liked us when we lived on campus,' Pete, who has since moved out of the Winnebago and bought a home with Kara, said. 'They used to always come and hang out at our RV for drinks after work.' 'We always had beer and meat, so I don't know, maybe we were buying peoples' love,' Kara added. Despite the functionality of the RV, security guards at the company were not amused by their ingenuity at first.  'Google security was onto us pretty quick. They surrounded the van one day,' Pete told Business Insider. Pete said he stepped out of the RV and showed them his badge, explaining that he worked 90 hours a week at the tech company. After that point, security would stop by from time to time and check on the couple, but never bothered them. Pete and Kara said it was like having their own security team and that over time they became 'buddies' with the officials. The couple originally started their journey in the Winnebago in 2010.  Kara and Pete have since moved into a real house, but said 'having a mortgage has been way more stressful' than sharing the RV RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Cabo's comeback: Three years after hurricanes devastated the... Smash hit Wonder Woman makes $101.4MILLION over the weekend... Share this article Share 'We were in Chicago and we decided to go on a great adventure. We sold everything we owned and bought this here LeSharo,' Pete said. Pete has just gotten his MBA and thought Austin 'is where all the jobs are,' so the duo hit the road. During their journey, funds slowly dwindled. 'I think we were down to our last $50. And we were arguing in line at Walmart, [should we get] rice and beans or rice, beans and beer,' Pete said. 'On the way to the checkout a recruiter called me and said they were going to do a hiring event in San Antonio.' Pete aced the Google interview, and just like that, he and Kara packed up and took off.   After living in the RV in the parking lot for a year-and-a-half to two years, Pete was able to save 80 percent of his income and finally put a down payment on a house nearby.  Though the duo has settled into the new home, which features a walk-in closet as big as their Winnebago, they still reminisce on their parking lot days.  'We just didn't ever want to be as broke as we were. That was the scariest point, because we just never knew where food was gonna come from the week that I went on that interview and it really freaked us out,' Pete said. 'We wanted to feel comfortable and a lot of people probably think this is the antithesis of comfortable, but I actually really loved it, I was really happy in the Winnebago,' Kara said. 'Having a mortgage has been way more stressful than ever living in this,' Pete added. Read more: Couple living in Google's parking lot for free for 2 years video - Business Insider Share or comment on this article e-mail 77 shares Most watched News videos Graphic footage of London attack victim with serious neck injury Shocking dashcam footage shows people fleeing scene of terror attack Hero Londoners try to save victims of city's latest terror attack Bloodied man led to safety through a cordon of armed police Moment gunshots are heard outside a restaurant in London Bridge Police tell drinkers to 'get down immediately' in London bar Exclusive: Armed police order people to the floor in Barking Horrific moment man randomly hits 90-year-old with cane in NYC Shocking moment woman blocks young boy from brutal crash This cat wants out! Owner argues with cat who wants to go outside Woman heard crying in fear as police evacuate Borough Market Theresa May says 'enough is enough' after London terror attack Arsenal jihadi 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as... 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to... Elite SAS 'Blue Thunder' unit lands helicopter on London... Family pay tribute to Canadian woman killed in terror... Armed police arrest 12 - including four women - at East... KATIE HOPKINS: You’re right, Theresa. We cannot go on... 'Stay with me, please, I love you': Bystanders rush to... Trump condemns London Mayor after terror attack:... Harrowing dashcam footage reveals trail of devastation on... Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation... 'Enough is enough - things have to change': May admits... Body of Manchester terror victim Eilidh MacLeod, 14, is... 'He's a soldier': Father-of-three stabbed FOUR times by... Desperate families beg for information on 'missing' loved... ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge... Bystander caught in police crossfire was shot in the head... Hero neighbor shoots knife-wielding father dead as he... Frail man, 90, who was viciously beaten with a cane in a... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 193 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Young family  Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Touching words  'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologizes to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her  after criticizing her for jetting home following Manchester attack What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Both the models dressed down  Dressed to the nines! The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala  'Do not be afraid': Ariana Grande's heroic mother Joan shares empowering message as she joins fans in the crowd at One Love concert in Manchester  'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Adriana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim  Ariana Grande sparks confusion by sporting dazzling rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at Manchester tribute  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Everyone is smiling  Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Appears to take aim at the natural beauty Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Wiped off the sweat from her face  Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Attended a service  That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Clearly enjoys showing off her workouts Booty-ful moves! Iggy Azalea shows off her stunning figure in red leotard while writhing onstage at awards show in Mexico City All eyes on her  Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Unconventional parenting Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards Started off the red carpet in style Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals Modern Family star is a staunch activist  'As a father, this has made me truly sad': David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' of Manchester as he sends poignant video message to One Love concert Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her Wowed the crowd with their hit Where Is The Love? Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Fergie, 42, looked super in black skinny jeans  'I've got an emotional depth greater than two years ago': Hunger Games star Sam Claflin reveals fatherhood made him a better actor Life changing  Australian actor Hugh Sheridan claims he and Rebel Wilson visited a 'secret apartment' in Disneyland after the actress said she was related to Walt Disney Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Touching scenes Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Resident Evil star Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Lifestyle mogul's had a day out  Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Showing off her stunning figure Dressed to the nines! Ivanka Trump looks stunning in a red gown as she heads to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Looked regal  'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh Parents to two girls  Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Reality star radiated glamour and celebrity Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Can enjoy some time off Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City Is on a break from shooting Younger  Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe He's had his hands full  Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program It's never too late  Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am forgets what city he's in at Manchester terror concert as he greets crowd by saying 'What's up London?'  Pippa Middleton's brother-in-law Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his girlfriend Vogue Williams is in Spain  Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at Ariana Grande's One Love concert in Manchester but fans are disappointed brother Noel does not join him  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilization after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort in Australia  Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Turned heads in London They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin on Twitter and  insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Quirky look  They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Stunning blondes  How Cary Grant took acid to get over his issues with women: Famed actor took 100 LSD pills over the course of THREE YEARS to counter his struggles Former Knicks coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing his car with Basketball Wives star girlfriend Gloria Govan in the passenger seat Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Enviable figure  Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Grabbed attention  'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' She is expecting twins in the coming weeks  'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets with fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert  Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy was one of the first to pay tribute  Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving Craig's Princess Charlene exudes glamor in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for his water bike challenge  Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica The pair went incognito for a romantic evening  Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage She has a sizzling Ora about her! Rita sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy shoot His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht with husband Rod Stewart, 72 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in her PAJAMAS Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil as family label her actions unforgivable' Crocodile safaris, kangaroo for dinner and only wallabies for company: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' remote luxury outback love nest 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Hidden message? 'People can't tell us apart!' Kim Zolciak, 39, admonishes Brielle, 20, after she jokes her mom 'looks 40' Brielle Biermann incited the wrath of her mom Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Loved-up couple  Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Kate Beckinsale keeps it casual in tight black leggings as she showcases her svelte physique Rumored to be getting cozy with Jon Hamm  Sheer madness! Joanna Krupa reveals her toned stomach in body hugging black gown Turned heads on the red carpet  Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Teen Mom star Farrah Abraham sports long blonde hair as she spends the day with her daughter Sophia Had a big day in the Big Apple  Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in London ABS-olutely fabulous! Braless Miley Cyrus highlights her svelte figure in crop top with shorts and denim jacket Flashed her flat stomach in a white crop top Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has made him a 'changed man' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with tradition by donning a wedding ring James, 41, has donned a gold band to show his devotion  Scott Disick, 34, cuddles up to topless Australian model, 21, as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Where the bloody hell was she? Lara Bingle 'arrives 45 minutes late' to Tiffany & Co. launch in before 'clocking off and refusing to speak to journalists' Those boots aren't made for walking! Iggy Azalea showcases some VERY extravagant floral thigh-highs in a plunging silky white gown  Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Spotted in Hollywood  Classic LBD with a twist! Zendaya wows in black dress with pearl detailing for Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The 20-year-old stepped out in an elegant gown  Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Teen Mom OG's Ryan Edwards checks into rehab... after ex Maci Bookout revealed she was terrified he might OD He is doing well  'I've been let go!' Kevin Can Wait star Erinn Hayes dropped from second season as Leah Remini joins the cast Will not be returning for the second season  Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she spends the day with friends The Bad Liar beauty is visiting the East Coast Ariana Grande 'set to perform tear-jerking duet of Where Is The Love? with The Black Eyed Peas' at star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit  The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan They just spent last week in Mexico together 'Night Time!' Lindsay Lohan wears an unzipped dress as she poses atop her bed for saucy Instagram snap Shared a provocative picture 'Seal found your musical G-spot!' Delta Goodrem bursts into laughter at Boy George's VERY risqué joke during The Voice Australia live  Controversial remark Former Australian Bachelor contestant Tiffany Scanlon showcases her taut abs in a tiny red bikini as she reveals the secret behind her new six pack 'I went from eating at the White House to sleeping in the bushes': Child star Willie Aames reveals his 'stupid decisions' led to him losing everything 'She was standing there and I fell in love': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out their $6.4million country estate... because 'the roof colors don't match' Have halted work I want candy! Angelina Jolie treats kids Shiloh and Vivian to roller skating as daughter Zahara is seen with giant box of Hot Tamales Doting mother  Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills She oozed style  'Lost for words but currently safe': Ruby Rose and girlfriend Jessica Origliasso are in lockdown as they're caught in the middle of London terror attack 'Getting into her zone': Coco Austin takes daughter Chanel, one, to Ice-T's concert... and dances along backstage Attended her husband Ice-T's concert Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony  'He is not feeling great': An exhausted Scott Disick returns to Los Angeles after a raucous week of partying as it's claimed he's 'ready to shape up' Now that's an arrival! Ice-T and Coco Austin are MOBBED by fans as they jet into Sydney with daughter Chanel They have both arrived in Australia  Ready for summer! Reese Witherspoon looks girly in gingham as she enjoys a day of shopping with husband Jim Married for six years Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Tied the knot to the TBS executive  Baby on the way! Mad Men's Ben Feldman's wife Michelle Mulitz reveals her bump on the red carpet Attended the 16th Annual Chrysalis Butterfly Ball 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' A 63-year-old beauty  'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat Known as the gorgeous blonde heiress 'I proposed to the love of my life': Former Dallas Cowboys quarterback and Hall of Famer Troy Aikman gets engaged to girlfriend Capa Mooty Alexandra Daddario keeps low profile in baggy ensemble after enjoying a tiki cruise with friends Looked a little worse for wear 'They've gotten even closer': Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk speak 'several times a day' as actor works away from home following daughter's birth 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Superstar bared-all for video  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball Oscar winner did not disappoint  'Think she's fond of my leg hair?' Bella Thorne's kitten snuggles into teen's unshaven pins Took to Instagram to announce that she had fallen ill GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since Big birthday bash  Just do it! Bella Hadid flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms The 20-year-old stepped out for a work commitment  Breaking Bad star Aaron Paul can't keep his hands of wife Lauren Parsekian as they pack on the PDA while he films new movie in Italy That's Amore Priyanka Chopra reveals her svelte physique in a polka dot sundress at the Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Finished her promo tour for Baywatch Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Unhappy  Christie's girl! Sailor Brinkley-Cook lets her natural beauty shine as she poses for magazine Let her natural radiance shine through for the latest issue 'We all might just make out': Orange Is The New Black star Yael Stone outlines VERY raunchy Wentworth crossover Lust-driven outline for a spin-off 'Beach bound!' Kim Zolciak shows off impressive figure on family Bahamas vacation... as brave son Kash helps stray one month after dog attack Night and day! Emma Roberts is transformed as she steps out in costume while filming Little Italy The beauty was clad in a patent leather black coat Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel 'This goes down as a classic': Lupita Nyong'o raves over new Wonder Woman movie in heartfelt review She wholeheartedly agrees Justin Bieber jets into Germany clutching onto his skateboard ahead of performance at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester benefit concert 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  'I was probably self-medicating: Kiwi singer Lorde reveals she went through a bout of heavy drinking after breaking up with ex-boyfriend White hot! Nicole Murphy puts her ample assets on display in low-cut frock for Women of Excellence Awards Gala Graced the red carpet  'Obsessed!' Heather Morris and son Owen tuck in as they celebrate National Donut Day May still be reeling from her baffling elimination from DWTS Plait looks fun! Bella Thorne rocks tiny shorts and braids as she steps out with her party posse She was seen with her rumored on again boyfriend Gregg Sulkin  Horsing around! Nicky Hilton Rothschild wows in green silk dress at Veuve Cliquot Polo Classic Kendall Jenner was also there Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Gregg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs Thousands of fans lined the streets of Macon Disgraced Josh Duggar makes return to social media in post celebrating his four-year-old son Marcus' birthday two years after sex scandal Flaunting her Cannes tan! Bella Hadid showcases her endless legs in shorts and cut-out top during photoshoot Strutted her stuff  Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills Is she trying to get her sister in trouble? Heidi Klum, 43, stuns in a simple maxidress as she leaves Mykonos with beau Vito Schnabel, 30, after soaking up the sun on the Greek island Tanned and relaxed Wild things! Emmy Rossum and Sam Esmail share images from their honeymoon safari in Rwanda The loved up couple hared a slew of shots  No sunburn for her! Nicole Kidman keeps her pale skin under cover in a long-sleeved dress at Veuve Clicquot's Polo Classic at Liberty State Park 9021-whoah! Rachel McCord (almost) bares all in a VERY daring embellished jacket as she attends the Hollywood premiere of All About The Money Move over Kim! Kris Jenner, 61, wears see-through lace top and bra for dinner outing with Jada Pinkett Smith Flaunted her incredible figure  Proud to be in the pink: It's the color which used to make feminists see red - but now today's top women dress in Millennial Pink to signal empowerment  Jennifer Garner looks in high spirits as she picks up daughter Violet, 11, from school in navy shift dress... after ex Ben Affleck finally moves belongings out  We Belong Together! Mariah Carey and her recently rekindled flame Bryan Tanaka put on an amorous display at a dinner date  Couldn't be separated  EXCLUSIVE: Actor Alan Cummings is pleading for the release of his former chimpanzee co-star Tonka from 'cockroach-infested' primate foundation  Naughty and nice! Sophia Bush shows off her cleavage in a flirty lace dress at film festival gala in Connecticut  Pamela Anderson shows off her famous curves in a white bardot dress during  post-dinner walk with a male friend in St Tropez Fabulous in France  Just like dad! Tom Brady brings mini me son Jack to charity football game The 39-year-old NFL superstar looked every bit the proud father  'I sit there in awe': Seal reveals his 'deep affection' for The Voice co-star Delta Goodrem after announcing he 'loved' her The Voice Australia stars She's a City Girl! Rosario Dawson joins creator Sarah Ramos and Busy Philipps for a table read of Internet hit Three actresses couldn't stop smiling  'It was definitely not a comfortable day': Vanessa Williams, 54, rued having to wear bikini for first day on Daytime Divas (despite looking AMAZING) Manchester gets ready to rock and remember: Final preparations under way for tomorrow night's One Love benefit concert at Old Trafford  Just a day away  'We wouldn't have made the same choice': Wonder Woman director Patty Jenkins admits her 'heart sank' when Gal Gadot was originally cast Touchdown! Olivia Culpo and NFL star boyfriend Danny Amendola coordinate in red for charity football game Tom Brady's event Is that you Elle? Reese Witherspoon channels her ditzy Legally Blonde character in vibrant pink summer dress from her very own range 'This is the scariest building I've ever seen! WTF goes on inside?' Tom Hanks posts a photo of mysterious almost windowless Manhattan tower  Right on the Munn-ey! Braless Olivia stuns in Daisy Dukes as she puts on leggy display in lace up gladiator heels Treated herself to a new hair style Both of Bill Cosby's 'wives' will be at trial: Disgraced comedian's real-life partner of 50 years Camille and his TV spouse Phylicia Rashad will be in court  Pretty Little Liar star Ashley Benson goes braless as she reveals midriff in crop top while out in Beverly Hills Rocked the revealing ensemble  Coyote ugly! Kanye West wants to design Calabasas High School sports uniforms... but only if he can rename them the Wolves Joanna Krupa puts on a busty display in plunging white playsuit as she enjoys dinner in West Hollywood She recently split from husband Romain Zago Queen of green! Hailey Baldwin catches the eye in a quirky emerald tracksuit and stiletto heels as she steps out for coffee Cut a confident look Sudden departure! Stylish Justin Theroux leaves NY for LA ahead of The Leftovers final ever episode The 45-year-old cut a stylish traveler look Check mate! Lindsay Lohan blows a kiss as she dines out in stylish monochrome jacket... after admitting she 'misses' her Hollywood lifestyle Make-up free Julianne Moore cuts a casual figure as she rocks pajama couture in rare outing with husband Stepped out for lunch in New York 'I am basically a witch': Lorde reveals fascination with witchcraft as singer claims she has connected with the ghost of David Bowie Sheer perfection! The Mummy star Annabelle Wallis reveals her bra in a daring see-through top as she dines out in London Flashed her toned body He's scored! Proud Kim Sears celebrates husband Andy Murray's win against Juan Martin Del Potro at French Open Putting in the leg work! Alessandra Ambrosio catches the eye in thigh-skimming minidress as she attends Madrid fashion launch Turning heads in Spain  Bruce Springsteen's showjumping daughter Jessica displays her equestrian skills as she competes at the Athina Onassis Horse Show in St Tropez Black is the New Orange: Ruby Rose cuts a low-key figure as she touches down in London in a sombre hoodie and shades All grown up! Raven-Symone and Anneliese van der Pol reprise their best friend roles in new trailer for Disney's Raven's Home New trailer Lottie Moss displays her enviably toned pins in ruffled floral romper as she enjoys night out with Scott Disick's rumored flame Ella Ross Cuter couture! Orlando Bloom proudly rocks adorable T-shirt designed by his six-year-old son Flynn He has his own personal designer 'There's a place for outright silliness right now': Comedian Steve Carell says moviegoers need a balance of lighthearted comedy and reality  Sofia Vergara cuts a casual figure in off-the-shoulder top and ripped jeans while shopping in LA The 44-year-old star looked casual cool 'I didn't want a number': Tom Cruise reveals Top Gun sequel will be called Top Gun: Maverick Sequel to the 1986 action film Top Gun Sheerly amazing! Lorde takes the stage in black see-through top for star-studded Governor's Ball in New York City Revealing outfit Goddess in green! Isla Fisher cuts a chic figure in emerald leather-look jacket as she speaks at Children's Book and Author breakfast in New York Black Eyed Peas frontman will.i.am claims reports Fergie left the group are 'lies' and says she's focusing on solo work False rumors  Right on Target! Halsey dons a blue wig as she surprises diehard fans with impromptu meet-and-greet at LA store Blending in with the locals! Kelly Rowland sports camouflage jacket as she spends day in Sydney with family and husband Tim Weatherspoon Revealed: The full list of 100 super-rich British stars in $900million tax relief scheme includes The Beckhams, Robbie Williams, and Geri Halliwell Changing seasons! Lily Aldridge switches up summery red dress for fall pantsuit for Vogue shoot in New York Wowed in a hot-weather dress  Hello sunshine! Gigi Hadid gives just a peek at her toned tum in form-fitting bright yellow two-piece number She's used to having all eyes on her Still a Pretty Woman! Evergreen Julia Roberts stuns as she goes casual cool in bomber jacket over blouse for Malibu photoshoot Ageless beauty Kathy Griffin loses remainder of her tour gigs in wake of Donald Trump severed head scandal after dramatic press conference Celebrity Run-Ins Tour  I feel like a rock star after meeting Ariana Grande, says eight-year-old bomb victim who was visited in hospital by pop star and Prince William     DON'T MISS Ring of steel set to protect 50,000 fans: Huge security operation in place as Ariana Grande pays tribute to Manchester victims 22 people died Pretty as a petal! Maggie Gyllenhaal dons chic floral jacket and trouser combination at New York premiere of The Deuce Fashionable actress Kendall Jenner looks runway ready in coordinating striped top and wide leg pants for a day out in New York Wore a ribbed top and wide leg trousers 'They were serious': Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay 'dated NBA star Kevin Durant when they were in college' They both attended The University of Texas Back to family life! Kourtney Kardashian takes Mason and Penelope to the movies after living it up at the Cannes Film Festival Showed of her tummy 'My hairdresser is better than your hairdresser!' Model Simone Holtznagel flaunts her freshly-styled mane after a trip to the stylist She Dunn ever disappoint! Supermodel mother Jourdan looks sensational as she shoots an editorial in New York City Stunning outfits  Kelly Rowland tells critics to BACK OFF Delta Goodrem amid complaints about her 'bulls**t theatrics' on The Voice Australia  On the floor! Jennifer Lopez, 47, gets a helping hand up from her dancers after bending a little TOO far backward during her Las Vegas show No Blindspots! Jaimie Alexander reveals her toned tummy as she rocks crop top and tight black leather pants Seen in a revealing ensemble ABS-olutely fabulous! Karrueche Tran flaunts her midriff in vintage crop top with ripped jeans for lunch outing Stepped out for lunch at Mauro's restaurant Former Bachelorette star Trista Sutter, 44, suffers seizure and collapses in front of her children while on vacation in Croatia Scary ordeal Kathy Griffin breaks down in tears claiming Trump family ruined her life - as her lawyer scoffs at report Barron was upset over severed head video  Izabel Goulart shows off her incredible abs and pert posterior in nautical thong bikini as she enjoys Ibiza beach holiday with footballer beau Kevin Trapp Moms unite! Jessica Alba and Jenna Dewan-Tatum bring glam to the beach for Baby2Baby benefit Businesswomen and mothers Super mom! Zoe Saldana reveals toned tummy in crop top while picking up two-year-old twins from school Revealed her enviable midriff  Dill-igent mama to be! Pregnant Heidi Montag chomps down on a pickle to satisfy her cravings in middle of grocery store Five months pregnant Adriana Lima emphasizes her pins in colorful leggings... after diamond ring Instagram declaring 'I AM MARRIED TO ME' Out and about in Miami Extra extra! Drew Barrymore goes Boho in billowing rainbow maxi to hand out copies of her new publication Stepped into the world of publishing Ciao bella! Blogger Natasha Oakley flaunts her ample cleavage in a bikini as she soaks up the sun on lavish Italian getaway Bikini blogger Back in black! 13 Reasons Why's Katherine Langford dons an understated ensemble as she is swarmed by fans at Sydney airport 'Dog walkers on deck!' Kendall Jenner's Mew joins Mariah Carey's Cha Cha and Chloe Grace Moretz's Pearl in Wag club Furry friends Back so soon? Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi returns to Instagram just NINE hours after vowing to quit social media Couldn't stay away Good enough to eat! Padma Lakshmi looks delectable in crocheted swimsuit on the cover of Beach magazine She graced the new cover of Beach Having a ball! Bikini-clad Coleen Rooney shows off her stunning body as she cradles son Kit during family trip to Barbados with husband Wayne Basketball Wives: LA star Laura Govan's home burglarized as thieves take $700,000 in cash and jewelry from her Southern California property Shy guy! Zac Efron keeps a low profile in blue hoodie for return to LA... after showing off pole dancing skills on Graham Norton Show He's not usually shy 'She's gone into serious detail': Kylie Minogue 'to spill the beans' on Joshua Sasse split in new album... after music helped her through 'very tough time' 'I live for donuts!' Hunger Games star Liam Hemsworth gets VERY excited while driving dirt bike around in circles Miley Cyrus' fiance It's a boy! Actress Lake Bell welcomes her second child with Scott Campbell She and her tattoo artist husband already have daughter Nova, aged two Inspiring, indeed! Lea Michele shows off toned figure in tight floral dress at the Inspiration Awards in LA She was presenting an award at the ceremony All that's missing is a yacht! Mad Men vet January Jones pulls off nautical look at Inspiration Awards... after trashing Donald Trump on Instagram Chris Cornell's toxicology report shows he had a cocktail of strong sedatives and four Ativan pills in his system when he killed himself  Justin Bieber shows off his heavily tattooed chest and touches his nipples after hugging a bikini girl by a swimming pool in New York Having fun in the sun Soldiering on! Gwyneth Paltrow steps out still on her medical boot as she chats with a pal in Santa Monica First spotted in it just over a week ago Her own best advertisement! Khloe Kardashian strikes a sensual pose to model her newest figure-hugging Good American jeans Platell's People: Diana would tell William and Harry 'don't look back in anger' William has spoken of the agony of walking behind Diana's coffin Ready for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she jets off to see her boyfriend Said to be 'head over heels' in love Diane Keaton 'hates' her figure: Actress, 71, whose nude film scenes were meant to empower older women admits using designer clothes to cover up her body  The moment executive in charge of Apple Music 'yelled at Rihanna to sit down at the NBA Finals' Singer was animated at game, even heckling Kevin Durant Summer chic! Elle Fanning delights in white strapless dress as she steps out with mystery man in NYC Spotted out and about in New York City Twinning is winning! Coco Austin puts her daughter Chanel in a matching T-shirt... as the tot has a CC logo on her back In Australia with Ice-T Pippa Middleton's $150,000 Moneymoon: Newlywed's vacation featured $320 kangaroo lunch, pricey bikinis galore and 15-minute flight costing $650  They're Down with it! Fifth Harmony wow as they debut their first single without Camila Cabello on GMA Four remaining members of the band Lena Dunham carries a walker into her apartment as she continues to recover from the complications of endometriosis surgery Brandy explains 'exhaustion' from constant travel is the reason she fell unconscious on Delta flight out of LA and was later hospitalized Charli XCX flashes her toned stomach in crop top as she puts on a leggy display in tiny shorts during New York City concert Took center stage 'He's a special person!': Renee Zellweger gushes about boyfriend Doyle Bramhall while attending film gala with her brother Andrew Chilling out! Emma Stone looks relaxed in striped blouse and jeans as she enjoys down time after wrapping The Favourite La La Land star EXCLUSIVE: Carmelo Anthony is 'fuming' over Chris Rock's bold pass at basketball star's estranged wife La La Anthony - but she says she was 'flattered'  'Those are the children you raised': Kendall Jenner sounds off against Caitlyn 'dissing the Kardashians' in her tell-all memoir Accused her of lying Style Swoon: From bag silhouette Kendall Jenner keeps wearing to Alexa Chung's stylish new line, FEMAIL reveals fashions we're loving this week It's only crock 'n' roll! Youngest Stone is 70 (and now they all need support acts!)  All needed a guiding arm as they left Wood's 70th birthday bash Gretchen Carlson reveals she was shunned by her closest friends and coworkers after she accused Roger Ailes of firing her for refusing sex Married at First Sight star reveals his desperation to give his wife her first orgasm, after having sex with her regularly for three weeks with no luck Dawn of justice! Gal Gadot steps out of New York hotel make-up free as her film Wonder Woman is expected to take US box office by storm Girls night out: Lisa Rinna and Harry Hamlin's stylish daughters Delilah and Amelia step out in eye-catching outfits in Los Angeles No clashes here! Vanessa Williams glows while joined by her glamorous Daytime Divas co-stars during Nasdaq MarketSite event in NYC Beauty guru Michelle Phan posts first video in months, admitting how her growing obsession with vanity and money led to her depression YouTube beauty vlogger Pregnant Serena Williams showcases her blossoming bump as she watches French Open tennis... after revealing she does not know baby's gender Dirty Baby! Tyga's rumored former fling Demi Rose looks bootylicious as she steps out in a slogan crop top in Ibiza Put on a busty display Prom time! Teresa Giudice glows as her eldest daughter Gia, 16, looks pretty for high school dance... while dad Joe serves three years in prison Jon Hamm discusses his breakup from  Jennifer Westfeldt as he admits he may be a 'narcissist'... after 'getting cozy' with Kate Beckinsale Beaming Lily Collins looks every inch the gym bunny as she leaves workout in Los Angeles  in skin-tight leggings and khaki coat George Clooney's ex-girlfriend Elisabetta Canalis keeps it casual in t-shirt and jeans as she dotes over daughter Skyler during lunch outing Meet Monsieur Toilette! Deleted scene from live-action Beauty and the Beast reveals movie was meant to feature a feisty talking TOILET character EXCLUSIVE: 'I fight against my genes constantly': Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves enjoys passionate smooch with personal trainer Danni Levy Looks familiar! Victoria's Secret beauty Romee Strijd recreates Kendall Jenner's Marc Jacobs look for NYC photoshoot Covered up for once Busty Pamela Anderson shows off her tiny waist and lean legs in a cream bardot dress as she steps out in St Tropez She's 50 on July 1  Patron saint of fashion! Justin Bieber's protégé 18-year-old Madison Beer becomes Moschino designer Jeremy Scott's latest muse   Double denim diva! Jessica Biel channels one of her husband Justin Timberlake's most famous looks from his Britney Spears days Spotted in sunny NYC 'It's disheartening!': Real Housewives Of Atlanta star Phaedra Parks admits that her divorce from Apollo Nida is extremely painful Climate control! Ivanka sports bold red lipstick and short monochrome as she steps out in D.C., a day after shunning her father's Paris historic accord announcement Sean Penn 'bumped from ECONOMY to FIRST CLASS' after passenger on Delta flight 'made snarky comments' about star's carry-on bags Lunch to go! Katie Holmes picks up takeout in LA.... hours before Jamie Foxx is seen across town Keeping relationship out of the spotlight A new romance? Kate Beckinsale and Jon Hamm were 'flirting' and 'inseparable' at Los Angeles  screening for his new movie Baby Driver Chelsea Clinton flashes bra in sheer top at NYC gay bar's Pride Month event, admitting she wore green to protest Trump's Paris Accord decision She's having a boy! Heavily pregnant Lauren Conrad announces she's having a son with cute Instagram post Card said 'It's a guy' with a baby in blue car So long, Chicago! Sophia Bush goes incognito as she wears sunglasses at LAX airport after quitting hit medical drama Moving on to new things 'He's trying to teach me how to hit the ball!' Katherine Webb and her NFL husband AJ McCarron enjoy a baby-free date night at Topgolf 'They've flown cases of tequila to an amazing villa': Kim Kardashian 'joins husband Kanye West in the Bahamas for his lavish 40th birthday party' My how you've changed! Two decades after movie Matilda premiered we reveal where child stars are now... and some are totally unrecognizable 'You see young soldiers permanently damaged... it's very sobering': Brad Pitt says he made War Machine to remind people of ravages of war 'Gym selfie - because fat people don't work out, right?' Size 22 model Tess Holliday hits back at body-shamers by sharing a photo of herself in locker room Good heavens! Victoria's Secret Angel Alessandra Ambrosio goes BRALESS at shoe launch... as she hangs out with Kylie Minogue's ex Andres Velencoso Electra-fying! Carmen, 45, sizzles in plunging cocktail dress as she parties the night away at Hollywood hotspot The Peppermint Club Showed off her assets 'I'm not against people owning guns': Kim Kardashian talks tighter laws in honor of National Gun Violence Awareness Day Posted  views online  What an improvement! Kim Zolciak shows son Kash's healing face just six weeks after he was mauled by a dog Brave four year old is smiling again She's just like you and me! Drew Barrymore puts on her makeup in the carriage window as she rides the New York City subway Down to earth star Naomi Campbell stuns in one-shoulder gown while Victoria Silvstedt turns heads in a bright orange number at Monte-Carlo Fashion Week Gala Mischa Barton looks fashion forward as she steps out in a pink silk dress at the Executor premiere... following her sex tape battle  Flashed her legs Today's headlines Most Read Another fanatic slips through the net: Killer jihadi, 27, 'radicalised by YouTube' was known to police and... 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologises to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her 'cracking voice'...... I saw three jihadis shot dead - bang, bang, bang: Dramatic pictures taken by eyewitness who was just yards... 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals... US Ambassador breaks ranks with Trump to PRAISE Mayor Sadiq Khan after the president criticized the London... How dare the US say 'we are reeling': They know nothing of our resilience, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Trump faces furious backlash over his tweet condemning London Mayor just hours after London terror attack Former New York Knicks head coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing and flipping his car... Fed up with having horrible arguments at home? Relationship coach reveals the one word that will defuse... 'What I did was absolutely immoral, but not illegal': Designer who first put Ivanka Trump on the catwalk... An $8 bottle of wine from grocery chain ALDI is voted among best in the world Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI... Smash hit Wonder Woman makes $101.4MILLION over the weekend as it becomes highest-grossing film by a female... 'His toenails were so long they clicked on the floor like a dog': People reveal why they REALLY dumped their... Arsenal jihadi 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as he asked a neighbour about hiring a van: Father of... PIERS MORGAN: Mrs May talks tough now but what did she do when she was in charge of the Home Office? She cut... The detective's notes that suggest suspect was known to terror police: Hand written comments show person... 'Islamophobia hasn't killed anyone': Tony Abbott slams officials for soft response to terror as he calls for... 'He looked like a f*****g Muslim terrorist': Straight-talking Australian describes how he was stabbed in the... Hero journalist who tweeted 'it isn't happening on my watch' before using his martial arts skills to tackle... ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge attack with sick posts vowing more terror  'I saw a man carrying knives and I just started running. He was less than 10ft behind me': Trainee nurse,... 'Don't confuse grief with lack of courage': Britain hits back against New York Times claims nation is 'still... 'This is for my family, this is for Islam': Mother reveals what deluded Jihadi knifeman yelled as he plunged... Little Mix are criticised for their 'naked' stage outfits at family-friendly One Love benefit concert Bystander caught in police crossfire was shot in the head as officers fired 'unprecedented 50 rounds of... Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am slammed after forgetting what city he's in at Manchester... Police officer steals the hearts of millions as he dances hand-in-hand with young girls in the crowd during... 'Every day 90 people are dying from gun violence': Gabby Giffords slams Trump for using London terror attack... MORE HEADLINES Arsenal jihadi 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as he asked a neighbour about hiring a van: Father of two, who had worked for London Transport and hid his hated of Western values behind 'nice guy' mask, tried to 'radicalise children' 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim said to her during Manchester concert Hero neighbor shoots knife-wielding father dead as he tries to drown his three-month-old twin babies in the bathtub  'Piece of s***': President Trump comes under fire over tweets about reinforcing the travel just hours after London terror attack Trump condemns London Mayor after terror attack: President blasts Sadiq Khan for saying there's 'no reason to be alarmed' after seven died and ridicules 'politically correct' response Family pay tribute to Canadian woman killed in terror attack who volunteered at homeless shelters and moved to Europe to live with her fiance  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort as they continue their whirlwind Australian honeymoon KATIE HOPKINS: You’re right, Theresa. We cannot go on like this. But do you have the balls to do what’s REALLY needed and lock up the 3,000 terror suspects tomorrow? Armed police arrest 12 - including four women - at East London tower block in connection with terror attack as officers swoop on a flat above a Paddy Power shop less than a mile away  The Google employee and his wife who lived in a $2,000 RV in the company's parking lot for TWO YEARS to save money so they could afford to buy a real home Dressed to the nines! The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Jeremy Corbyn accuses Theresa May of ignoring terror warnings when she cut 20,000 police officers and claims she is suppressing a report about Saudi funding of extremists Another fanatic slips through the net: Killer jihadi, 27, 'radicalised by YouTube' was known to police and filmed arguing with officers after unfurling an ISIS flag in a park in a Channel 4 documentary 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin in a series of tweets and insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' Trump faces furious backlash over his tweet condemning London Mayor just hours after London terror attack Harrowing dashcam footage reveals trail of devastation on London Bridge with victims laid strewn across the road as people ran for their lives  More than 100 Muslims gather outside Trump Tower to pray in protest against the president's immigration policies I saw three jihadis shot dead - bang, bang, bang: Dramatic pictures taken by eyewitness who was just yards away show moment eight police cut down terrorists in a hail of 50 bullets  'Stay with me, please, I love you': Bystanders rush to save the lives of injured pedestrians on London Bridge as one woman is heard begging her loved one to 'hold on' while paramedics give CPR  'Nothing stops a Canadian from mowing his lawn': Man does a spot of gardening while a TORNADO rages just yards away Former Michigan ME is NOT convinced Chris Cornell committed suicide and says the rocker's death 'could have been an accident' Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' 'He's a soldier': Father-of-three stabbed FOUR times by Jihadis is pictured bloodied but unbowed in a hospital bed after doctors saved his life - as an angry friend calls on Sadiq Khan to resign over the London Bridge attack  Smash hit Wonder Woman makes $101.4MILLION over the weekend as it becomes highest-grossing film by a female director EVER ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge attack with sick posts vowing more terror  Body of Manchester terror victim Eilidh MacLeod, 14, is repatriated to the Outer Hebrides ahead of the first funeral since the attack Chilling footage shows blood-soaked victims of London Bridge attack desperately hiding from terrorists in a Borough Market pub  PIERS MORGAN: Mrs May talks tough now but what did she do when she was in charge of the Home Office? She cut police numbers by 20,000. And now we’re paying the price in blood. MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Home & Garden posted: 6/4/2017 6:01 AM Ways to make a kid's bedroom whimsical Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Transforming a little pilot's bedroom into aviation-inspired ambience can ease the transition to a big boy bed. COURTESY OF CIRCU   By Christine Brun Reading magically cracks open the secret door to faraway places and mysterious concepts. After reading books together with your children, how about continuing the experience and making it last? A child's bedroom can be transformed into any place on the planet if a parent invests time and money in creating an extraordinary design. Consider a little aviation-inspired ambience for a little pilot's bedroom. The Sky B Plane bed is inspired by the Disney movie "Planes," in which the character Leadbottom is an old puttering biplane and a grumbling taskmaster. He has too many crops to spray and not enough hours in the day! This is a fun way to make that transition from crib to big-boy bed as painless as possible. The decorative suitcases are storage compartments that also serve as steps for your child to climb up and down. There are secret storage compartments on both sides of the bottom wing, too. The top wing is a shelf. This yellow plane, which measures 66.9 inches high, 112.2 inches wide and 110.2 inches deep, is constructed of fiberglass, rubber, a little stainless steel and wood. Obviously, not every budget allows one to spring for such a dramatic conversion. Still, there are many ways to create a unique space. Begin with painting the room. Try painting the entire room an adventurous color that suits your child. Or painting one or two walls with chalkboard paint so your child can write all over the walls. For the kid who loves astronauts and rockets, moon and star decals are a blast, and you can paint the walls black like outer space. Help your child's imagination grow with a 41-piece affordable vinyl wall art kit for under $32. Pieces can be repositioned and taken with you for a move. And when your child outgrows their ballerina or cowboy phase, it is inexpensive to remove the decals and install a different theme. Check the Wall Pops!, Roommates and Wayfair websites for ideas. You can also find decals at Target and Wal-Mart. Lighting is another dreamy way to transform a bedroom, and luckily we have access to dozens of inexpensive projection devices. Visit Bed, Bath & Beyond to find Marvel Avengers Projectables or Spider-Man Projectables along with other themed devices. The Discovery Kids Constellation Projection Firefly Star Light comes in a variety of colors and prices under $30. There are colored twinkle lights available at Big Lots! stores, craft stores and discount retailers such as T.J. Maxx or Marshall's that when strung up high enough (so a toddler cannot reach the cords) deliver a burst of delight. Few people remember that sound is a part of the equation for transforming a child's space. The dreamy sound of crickets or water could not only calm your little one but also support a decorative theme. If you live on a noisy urban street, a sound device might also help create a bedtime ritual that distracts from the sound of sirens and traffic. It is admittedly easier when you are preparing a room for a baby. For example, with Disney's Baby Einstein Sea Dreams Soother you can choose between four different operating modes that provide different combinations of music, sounds, underwater lights and sea life in motion. This infant sound machine only has two distinct sound options: music and ocean waves. The lights and motion can be used in conjunction with either the songs or the ocean sounds, but the ocean noises and music cannot be played simultaneously. Older children might desire other acoustic options. • Christine Brun is a San Diego-based interior designer and the author of "Small Space Living." Send questions and comments to her by email at christinebrun@sbcglobal.net. © 2017, Creators Syndicate Tweet This article filed under: Life & Entertainment Real Estate Decor Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2017 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Get Your Summer On Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Skip to main content The Straits Times Opinion Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Alibaba bets on do-it-yourself globalisation Louise Lucas In Hangzhou Published Jun 4, 2017, 5:00 am SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4L8T Copy The Chinese e-commerce group aims to break down trade barriers and become a a champion of the global economy. But it has struggled in the US and faces competition from copycats at home. Alibaba is the company that likes to think it's a country. Mr Jack Ma, the former English teacher who founded the group, works the stage like a seasoned diplomat. At the G-20 meeting of global leaders in Hangzhou last year, he hosted Australia's Malcolm Turnbull, Canada's Justin Trudeau and Italy's then Premier Matteo Renzi. In January, Mr Ma became the first Chinese businessman to sit down publicly with Mr Donald Trump after the US election - a full month before the US President spoke to Chinese President Xi Jinping. Since then, he has met the leaders of Argentina, Australia, Israel, Malaysia and Pakistan. Mr Ma's ambitions for Alibaba, the e-commerce company worth US$309 billion (S$427 billion) that began life in his Hangzhou apartment, are equally global. Come 2036, he wants sales across its platforms to be bigger than the gross domestic product of the world's fifth-biggest economy, outranked only by the US, China, Japan and the European Union. It is aiming for two billion customers, which on current numbers would be one in every four people on the planet. To achieve these goals, he has proposed ideas that sound more like the projects of a politician than a business leader. In order to strengthen the company's crucial technology backbone, he pledged in March that "we will build Alibaba's own 'Nasa' ", a reference to the US space agency that masterminded the moon landings. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up With global trade talks stalling, he has also unveiled a trading platform he hopes will serve as a sort of World Trade Organisation (WTO) for small and medium-sized businesses. "I think for the next 10 to 20 years, globalisation should be driven by business people," he said recently. He calls the project "e-WTO". For all its dizzying international plans, however, Alibaba has so far struggled to gain a major foothold in the US - something the group hopes to reverse with a plan to generate a million jobs in the US on its e-commerce platform - or in Europe. It faces intense competition at home and the persistent speculation of a political backlash from Beijing. Plenty of other Chinese companies have stumbled as they tried to expand overseas. Yet few observers are willing to bet against the group. Come 2036, e-commerce company Alibaba, now worth US$309 billion (S$427 billion), wants sales across its platforms to be bigger than the gross domestic product of the world's fifth-biggest economy. PHOTO: REUTERS   "If globalisation got pregnant and had twin boys, they would be named Jeff Bezos (the Amazon founder) and Jack Ma," says Mr Michael Zakkour at Tompkins, a supply chain consultancy. "They are the perfect manifestation of globalisation 2.0." GOING GLOBAL In China, Alibaba's tentacles reach into almost every aspect of life: shopping, finance, chatting, healthcare, entertainment and news. You can go for weeks in China without cash, swiping your phone to pay for coffee, clothing or utility bills. So ubiquitous is Alipay, its online payment platform, that even some rough sleepers accept donations via it.   Alibaba is responsible for one-tenth of China's retail sales and has the biggest money market fund. It is the company that chased eBay out of China and bested Yahoo, acquiring its operations there in 2005.  A couple of cousins in search of easy money in Hangzhou netted only about 2,000 yuan (S$405) from robbing three stores, proof that Alipay and rival WeixinPay have disrupted the business of burglary. Alibaba is responsible for one-tenth of China's retail sales and has the biggest money market fund (Yu'e Bao has 1.14 trillion yuan under management). It is the company that chased eBay out of China and bested Yahoo, acquiring its operations there in 2005.   In its bid to increase its US presence, Alibaba has adopted a plan that it hopes will appeal to the Trump White House, promising to create one million US jobs by getting cherry farmers, dressmakers and even candlestick makers to sell to China over Alibaba's platforms. Mr Joe Tsai, executive vice-chairman, describes the group as "a big incubator of ideas". Those futuristic visions include facial recognition payment and one-stop consultation-to-pharmacy online healthcare services. Alibaba's mergers and acquisitions team is constantly on the prowl for investments; as well as myriad start-ups, it has stakes in Snap and Lyft. Not all its operations make money. Its cloud business may be among the biggest new ventures, but it loses eight cents on every dollar. Cainiao, the logistics platform that underpins the asset-lite e-commerce operation and delivers 57 million packages a day, bleeds cash. Alibaba Pictures is warning of losses of US$140 million. That does not faze the company, which uses its e-commerce operation to finance new and fledgling businesses and build its own ecosystem. Perhaps the biggest challenge facing Alibaba, ironically, is copycats at home. Its peers - Baidu and Tencent, who together with Alibaba comprise China's BAT tech trinity of Internet giants - are jostling beside it in virtually every sphere. The formula seems to be working: For the past fiscal year to the end of March, it increased revenues 56 per cent to US$23 billion and generated net income of US$6 billion, making it considerably more profitable than Amazon. Outside China, Alibaba's biggest reach is in South-east Asia. It has a controlling stake in Lazada, the Indonesia-based e-commerce group and, together with affiliate Ant Financial, a stake in India's PayTM that enables payments with the swipe of a phone. Beyond the region, however, Alibaba's footprint is so far more limited and the company has been on the acquisition trail to bolster its global coverage. "Right now, I'm a little bit sceptical," says one consultant who works in the sector. "Alibaba has failed to go after Europe. A lot of other Chinese players have struggled as they've expanded, in the US in particular." Alibaba's own early American adventure fell flat. Its 11 Main boutique e-commerce operation was sold in mid-2015 after a year. At least two of its investments, in messaging app Tango and "deep-linking" search engine Quixey, have stumbled. Alibaba shrugs off the missteps. Its aim in many of these projects, it says, is to learn as much as it can, and in any case it scores plenty of financial wins too. Jet.com, the e-commerce marketplace that it partly owned and was bought by Walmart for US$3.3 billion last year, is a case in point. The group has used the growing numbers of Chinese tourists overseas to ramp up growth in Alipay's international business. About 110,000 stores accept Alipay. It is also finding new partners. One, signed earlier this month with First Data, makes Alipay an option for the commercial technology provider's 4.5 million US business users. Dr Richard Windsor of independent research house Radio Free Mobile says Alipay is Alibaba's Trojan horse into the US market. If fully implemented, the First Data deal would give it four million US outlets in one swoop - putting it on a par with ApplePay and making it easier for the more than three million Chinese visitors a year to the US. But Dr Windsor cautions that greater availability may not translate into greater usage as Alipay's QR code payment system "leaves a lot to be desired when it comes to easy and fun user experience" compared with alternatives in the US. "An experience that is mediocre by developed market standards is a huge improvement on the offline experience in China, which is why I think QR codes have worked in China but failed in developed markets," he wrote in a note to clients. TRADING WITHOUT FRONTIERS Controversies have also dogged it overseas. There is a probe by the US Securities Exchange Commission into its metric for gross merchandise volume, and late last year Washington placed Taobao, Alibaba's consumer e-commerce unit, on its "notorious markets" for peddling fake goods. While recently, Alibaba has taken strides towards clearing its sites of fake goods - something of a Sisyphean task - Mr Ma's earlier quip that fakes were often of "better quality and better price than the real names" still rankles with brands and regulators. Perhaps Mr Ma's biggest gambit is the new global trading platform that Alibaba is developing. First unveiled last year, the electronic world trade platform touches all the classic Alibaba buttons: small business, inclusivity - and the initiative seized from government by Mr Ma. The Doha Round, the long period of trade negotiations under the WTO that started in 2001, is "such a long round, I feel sorry for these WTO guys", Mr Ma said recently in Malaysia, the first overseas member of the platform. The e-WTO will essentially provide the plumbing for cross-border trade: logistics, managing Customs clearance and securing favourable tariffs. Alibaba kicked off its grand plan for global trade without frontiers with a bilateral deal designed to ease the passage of goods shipped by smaller businesses between China and Malaysia. The pact, established as a public-private partnership in Malaysia's digital free trade zone, will focus on infrastructure, including a fulfilment centre and cooperation on electronic payments and financing. So far, it is strictly logistics: Favourable tariffs are, however, still under discussion. It is understood to be in talks aimed at making Russia the next hub, one of the biggest markets for international e-commerce site AliExpress, in a move that would be even more challenging. There are plenty of obstacles ahead for Mr Ma's plan, such as the backlash against trade liberalisation. But if the project gains momentum, he will be able to demonstrate that business - and not government - is flying the flag for globalisation. In its bid to increase its US presence, Alibaba has adopted a plan that it hopes will appeal to the Trump White House, promising to create one million US jobs by getting cherry farmers, dressmakers and even candlestick makers to sell to China over Alibaba's platforms. Step one takes place next month at an inaugural conference to showcase the initiative in Detroit - a former industrial city whose decline has been attributed by some to globalisation. To critics that dismiss the million-jobs pledge as pie in the sky, Alibaba points to China, where in the past 15 years it claims to have created 33 million jobs: 10 million merchants on Taobao create "a minimum" three jobs apiece, including in supporting services such as logistics. Still, Beijing-based consultant Duncan Clark, who wrote a book on Alibaba, says: "There have been all types of these platforms to bring niche businesses online." Alibaba will have to win out over the likes of arts and crafts site Etsy, and bigger players such as eBay and Amazon. Others believe it has a fighting chance. "Three years ago (Americans) didn't know who Alibaba was, that's why going public was so important," says another analyst. "I'll bet you many American farmers watch CNBC. They're businessmen at the end of the day." Perhaps the biggest challenge facing Alibaba, ironically, is copycats at home. Its peers - Baidu and Tencent, who together with Alibaba comprise China's BAT tech trinity of Internet giants - are jostling beside it in virtually every sphere. Tencent has a 37 per cent share of the US$5.5 trillion payments market, to AliPay's 51 per cent. All have amassed stakes in ride-hailing apps, food delivery, bike-sharing and media apps, when the cost for Internet companies of buying content such as video streaming is rocketing. The desire to be present in every area is "like playing a game of Chinese checkers, not missing a trick", says Mr Clark. Facing all these challenges, Alibaba says it is relying on fear to keep it ahead. It is run by a man with neither government connections nor engineering credentials. It came into being just before the dot.com bubble burst and hatched its core Taobao business as the deadly Sars virus shut down Hong Kong and parts of southern China. Mr Tsai told investors in February: "Our mindset is constantly paranoid. Which we believe is the hallmark of a great technology company." TIES TO BEIJING Dealing with foreign leaders is not the only political challenge facing Mr Ma. Being a multi-billionaire in nominally communist China may no longer be an anomaly, but running a large company that pervades most aspects of life and is disrupting industries - many of which are heavily state-owned - puts Alibaba in an intriguing space. Speculation over Mr Ma's relations with Beijing often surfaces, most recently after his meeting with Mr Trump, which was not cleared by the government. The upcoming shake-up in the top leadership in the 19th Party Congress in November may prove a less kindly backdrop for Alibaba. Mr Clark says Premier Li Keqiang was a big proponent of the Internet as a driver of reform and he regularly name-checked Alibaba and other Internet companies in speeches. But Mr Li's views on its potential have been eclipsed by those of President Xi. "Generally, in terms of Internet potential, Xi is less enamoured, partly because the Internet also takes jobs away," says Mr Clark. Alibaba has clashed with regulators at home: It hit out at a critical report over fake goods by the State Administration for Industry and Commerce, dubbing it an "inaccurate and unfair attack". There have been spats with the country's big state-owned banks, which are irked at the outflows of deposits and customers into Alibaba's financial products. Mr Ma further fanned the flames by saying markets should not be run "by monopolies and those with power". But even if some Chinese leaders start to turn against Mr Ma, his last line of defence is Alibaba's indispensability. "Is Alibaba making itself too big to nail?" asks Mr Clark. "By intertwining itself with the consumer economy, whose growth it has played a key role in stimulating, Alibaba can hope to insulate itself from some of the regulatory risks in taking on incumbents." THE FINANCIAL TIMES A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Sunday Times on June 04, 2017, with the headline 'Alibaba bets on do-it-yourself globalisation'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  E-COMMERCE GLOBAL ECONOMY More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4L8T Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content starhub_a126125_2017june05_strosnative.jpg French Open…here’s what you never knew lg_a125972_2017may29_strosnative.jpg LG OLED TV vs. Conventional TVs: What’s the difference? eyemo_a125690_2017jun05_300x200_stnative.jpg Household brand Eye Mo is back on shelves Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
147686468041 You are viewing the current article design. GO TO NEW DESIGN Subscribe Manage Manage my account Preferences Newsletters Subscribe to TV Weekly Subscribe to Newsday Manage my account Subscribe to TV Weekly Uh-Oh! It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information. If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account. If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button. Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account. CONNECT ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE Today's Paper Today's paper / archives » Newsday Fun Book » Recent covers gallery » Special sections » Traffic 1 Weather 58° Log in Log out Sections Home Long Island Top Stories Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns Investigations Data and maps Commuting LI Life History Obituaries Sports Top Stories Yankees Mets Islanders Rangers Jets Giants Knicks Nets High school College Columns Videos Scores Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Media MMA Motor Racing Olympics Soccer Opinion Top Stories Matt Davies Columnists Letters to the editor Submit your letter Business Top Stories Real Estate Technology Cars Columns Mutual funds Markets Stocks Nation and World Nation and World NYC State and Region Health Technology Weird news Lottery Entertainment Top Stories Movies TV Celebrities Music Books Theater Reality TV Nassau Coliseum Circus Crosswords Puzzles Comics Lifestyle Top Stories Restaurants Family Pets Travel Food and Drink Top 100 Restaurants Fashion and Shopping Home and Garden LI Getaways Recreation Retirement Advice Events Father's Day Beaches Things to do Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages Legal Notices Obituaries Crosswords More Today's Paper Weather Traffic and Transit Data and maps Photos Videos Act 2 Horoscopes Advice Columns Lottery search Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs Business Packaging solution was key to LI firm’s snack product launch Updated June 4, 2017 6:13 AM By Jamie Herzlich  jherzlich@aol.com Reprints + - Jeremy Cage, Joshua Chaitovsky and Jeff Moskowitz, from left, co-founders of Westbury-based Farmer's Pantry, Tuesday May 9, 2017. Photo Credit: Newsday / Alejandra Villa advertisement | advertise on newsday When it comes to packaging, one size doesn’t fit all. Jeremy Cage, Joshua Chaitovsky and Jeff Moskowitz, principals of Westbury-based United Snacks of America, learned this early on when they were trying to launch their Farmer’s Pantry snack line. Most Popular Toyota trying to create 'flying car' for 2020 Olympics Iconic LI companies live on in their descendants Tax refunds averaged $994: NY Tax Department Don’t be tempted by credit card cash advances Who’s minding your trade secrets in the cloud? They had initially planned to release their line of Meal Snacks, a “snackable meal” combining slow-roasted jerky-style meat and crunchy dried vegetables and sides, in fall 2015 but had to delay the launch until September 2016 after they discovered a packaging issue. Originally they thought they could combine the dried vegetables and moist meat into one package, until they discovered that the vegetables were absorbing the moisture of the meat. “The consequence is we got meat that was hard and vegetables that were soggy, which is the antithesis of the consumer experience we were trying to deliver,” says Cage, 52, a former PepsiCo executive and co-founder and director of United Snacks of America, the parent company of Farmer’s Pantry. BusinessSee who got hired, promoted on Long Island As a result, they had to develop a custom double-pouched bag that’s designed to separate the meat from the vegetables and sides, but with a soft seal down the middle that could be broken if the consumer chooses to mix the ingredients. advertisement | advertise on newsday This increased manufacturing costs 10 percent, but it was necessary to bring the product to market. “You have to have the ability to be flexible with packaging and make adjustments,” says Chaitovsky, 35, co-founder and CEO. That’s especially true since packaging can be one of the biggest hurdles entrepreneurs face, experts say. “Entrepreneurs are often focused on what they are trying to sell, not how to package it,” says Lynn Dyer, president of Foodservice Packaging Institute, a Falls Church, Virginia-based trade association representing the food service packaging industry in North America. BusinessAverage weekly wages: $1,092 in Nassau -- $1,582 in Washington state Most smaller entrepreneurs don’t have an in-house/on-site packaging specialist like bigger brands do, she says. Tweets from https://twitter.com/NewsdayBiz/lists/newsday-biz-staff Entrepreneurs need to figure out who their resources will be in this area early on, Dyer says. Before going straight to custom packaging, they should consider whether some kind of stock product will work. In the case of Farmer’s Pantry, the nature of its product meant working with a local packaging company to develop custom packaging. Once that was accomplished, it was able to launch Meal Snacks at Hudson News stores last September. Farmer’s Pantry makes five Meal Snack varieties, including chicken and waffles and steak and fries; they retail for about $5.99 for a 2-ounce bag. BusinessLong Island's top public companies “They have an interesting product,” says Michael Maslen, Hudson Group vice president of sales. advertisement | advertise on newsday Hudson News also carries the first product Farmer’s Pantry launched, called Cornbread Crisps, which are thin pieces of crispy baked cornbread. The crisps were supposed to launch after Meal Snacks, but the packaging delay led the company to launch Cornbread Crisps first, in June 2016. “When we realized that Meal Snacks were taking so much time, we had to give ourselves another avenue of revenue,” Chaitovsky says. That was a good move. Cornbread Crisps are in 5,000-plus stores nationwide, including select Walmarts and 7-Elevens, and demand is growing, says Moskowitz, 46, co-founder and executive vice president of sales and marketing. He’s confident Meal Snacks will eventually get as wide distribution. advertisement | advertise on newsday “There’s no reason why Meal Snacks won’t have the same broad national distribution footprint that we’ve already achieved with Cornbread Crisps,” he says. The crisps come in three varieties including jalapeño and honey butter. They retail for $1.49 to $1.99 for a 2-ounce bag and $2.99 to $3.99 for a 6-ounce bag. Meanwhile, even Cornbread Crisps have gone through a few packaging modifications. “Initially we weren’t getting the impact on the shelf we wanted, so we made some packaging adjustments,” says Cage. This included changing the top banner of the packaging from yellow to green and adding an illustration of a farm. It’s not uncommon for packaging to go through several incarnations, says Melissa Abbott, vice present of culinary insights at The Hartman Group Inc., a Bellevue, Washington-based food and beverage market-research firm. “The indie brands are learning as they go when it comes to packaging,” she says. On a positive note, Farmer’s Pantry is operating in a space with growth potential. Ninety-one percent of consumers snack multiple times daily, Abbott says. “Snacking has become a dominant part of our food culture.” This is, in part, due to consumers’ increasingly harried lifestyles, which make it harder to stick to the traditional three-meal-a-day model. And a portable product with both fiber and protein may resonate with consumers. “There’s definitely a place for that,” Abbott says. The Farmer’s Pantry folks think so and are ramping up for a “full-on national expansion of Meal Snacks in the second half of 2017,” Moskowitz says. Bobby Shepperd, an Arkansas-based food broker representing Farmer’s Pantry products in Walmart, says he plans to present Meal Snacks soon to the chain, which presently carries Cornbread Crisps. “I think it’s going to be a great item for consumers, because it’s not only a snack but could be a meal replacement with the protein that’s in it,” he says, adding that Cornbread Crisps are “exceeding our initial sales estimates at Walmart.” For their part, Cage, Chaitovsky and Moskowitz hope to eventually launch more snack items. “Within the next couple of years,” Cage says, “we will either acquire or create new brands that are highly distinctive and highly relevant.” At a glance COMPANY: United Snacks of America, Westbury PRINCIPALS: Jeremy Cage, Joshua Chaitovsky, Jeff Moskowitz PRODUCTS: Farmer’s Pantry Meal Snacks and Cornbread Crisps EMPLOYEES: 10 ANNUAL REVENUES: Less than $10 million Get the Biz Briefing newsletter! The latest LI business news in your inbox daily. Sign up    Click here to read or post comments Comments Newsday.com now uses Facebook for our comment boards. Please read our guidelines and connect your Facebook account to comment. More coverage Dara Goodman promoted at Russell Friedman Law Group The most beautiful views from outer space Village visitor information booth set to open Like it? Share it! By using this site, you agree to our Privacy policy. OK Back to Top Services Subscribe Manage my Newsday Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps Newsday mobile Our Network News 12 am New York Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes Newsday Jobs Optimum Newsday Connect News 12 Varsity News Long Island Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns NYC U.S. / World Business Technology Commuting History Data and Maps Traffic Obituaries Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Islanders Rangers Yankees Mets High school Colleges Columns Scores Videos Photo Entertainment Celebrities Circus Movies TV Music Restaurants Theater Lifestyle Family Shopping Pets Events Travel Books Weekend Guide Father's Day Beaches Nassau Coliseum Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages More Crossword Weather Photos Videos LI Life Act 2 Lottery RSS Archive Site Map Privacy Policy Your ad choices Terms of Service Subscription Terms Contact Newsday Careers Reprints & Permissions Media Kit Advertise with Newsday Help Copyright ©   Newsday. All rights reserved. Sorry to interrupt... Your first 5 are free Access to Newsday is free for Optimum customers. Please enjoy 5 complimentary views to articles, photos, and videos during the next 30 days. LOGIN SUBSCRIBE
The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back. (UL,20170605,,-1,AR). The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back. (UL,20170605,,-1,AR). Contact us Subscriptions eEdition Tips Ads Ad Circulars WEATHER SPONSOR All Sections Home + News More In + News Animals Business Courts Crime Education Energy Health Outdoors Ski Conditions Ski Conditions Politics Voters First Public Safety Real Estate Religion Science and Tech Social Issues  Aging in NH Transportation  Autos Veterans War UnionLeaderAutos + Politics More In + Politics Politics Voters First Local & County Government State Government City Hall Granite Status State House Dome + Business More In + Business Energy Real Estate Transportation Mike Cote's Business Notebook Ask the Expert Legacy Awards 40 Under Forty + A&E More In + A&E Music + Sports More In + Sports High Schools Colleges Fisher Cats Manchester Monarchs Golf Red Sox/MLB Patriots/NFL Bruins/NHL Celtics/NBA Motor Sports Outdoors Ski Conditions + Opinion More In + Opinion Editorials Columns Editorial Cartoons Local Voices Letters to Editor Column submission policy + Food More In + Food Restaurant reviews Menu guide Food & Wine events + Lifestyle More In + Lifestyle Things To Do About NH Arts & Entertainment Celebrities and people Contests NH Weekend Pets and animals Press Releases Social announcements Travel Obits Jobs Real Estate + Index More In + Index News Sports News A&E Politics Business Sports Opinion Obits Photos Jobs Homes Public Safety NH woman's sister in London: 'We just feel very vulnerable here' Katie Simon lives less than a mile from the site of the latest London terror attack. “Honestly, it's convinced me it's time to move out of the city,” said Simon, whose sister lives in... More Headlines New Hampshire prisons respond to threat of opioids California fraud suit names NH pageant finalist More in News Animals Business Courts Crime Education Energy Environment   Saint-Gobain/PFOA Health History Human Interest Politics Public Safety Science and Tech Social Issues  Aging in NH Transportation  Autos Veterans War Weather Hockey NH native Mat Myers has Stanley Cup dreams Mat Myers dreamed of one day winning the Stanley Cup as an NHL player when he was a child growing up in Manchester. While he had to alter his dream, the Stanley Cup is still in his sights. More Headlines Bedford girls' lacrosse team out to test Sabers’ D Brittany Force, Hagan, Enders big winners at N.E. Nationals More in Sports High Schools Colleges Fisher Cats Manchester Monarchs Golf Red Sox/MLB Patriots/NFL Bruins/NHL Celtics/NBA Motor Sports Outdoors Ski Conditions Business Nanocomp's partnership with NASA could lead to larger, but lighter, rockets Nanocomp Technologies Inc. is evolving the use of its carbon nanotubes and its continued partnership with NASA through a recent launch that tested its groundbreaking technology. More Headlines Microsoft faces off against Amazon Ask the Expert: How to find your brand in eight questions More in Business Energy Real Estate Transportation Mike Cote's Business Notebook Ask the Expert Legacy Awards 40 Under Forty Editorials Keno-garten: Two bad ideas in one Bad ideas do not cancel each other out. Getting to no: Democrats never wanted a budget Democrats in the New Hampshire Senate are stuck in a rut. Paris freak-out: Hysteria over do-nothing deal The Paris Climate Agreement signed last year by President Barack Obama was not a treaty, and thus American commitment to it expired when Obama left office. > More Headlines Granite State Debates: Sen. Lou D'Allesandro - Senate budget leaves too many needs unmet Granite State Debates: Sen. Gary Daniels - Senate budget balances basic needs, business growth More in Opinion Editorials Columns Editorial Cartoons Local Voices Letters to Editor Column submission policy Local & County Government Nashua aldermen oppose mayor’s participatory budget proposal Aldermen are voicing strong opposition to a proposal by the mayor to implement participatory budgeting, a process that enables residents to allocate a small portion of the city’s spending plan. More Headlines Trump supporters confront counter-protests in Portland, Ore. Russia's Putin denies having compromising information on Trump More in Politics Politics Local & County Government State Government Voters First City Hall Granite Status State House Dome Welcome guest, you have 3 views left.  Register| Sign In The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back. (UL,20170605,,-1,AR). Post or View Comments  Weekend 'Top 10' Planner: June 2-4, 2017 June is here and if you are spending any time in the Granite State this weekend, we encourage you to get outdoors as there are lots of events calling your name, and many of them are free! Don't... NHRA New England Nationals Friday-Sunday, 8 a.m. The Psychedelic Sleepover Saturday-Sunday, 10 a.m. 3rd Fairy and Gnome Festival Sunday, 11 a.m. FREE: Soap Box Derby Championship Race Sunday, 9 a.m. 1 2 3 4 5 5 NHRA New England Nationals Friday-Sunday, 8 a.m. The Psychedelic Sleepover Saturday-Sunday, 10 a.m. 3rd Fairy and Gnome Festival Sunday, 11 a.m. FREE: Soap Box Derby Championship Race Sunday, 9 a.m. Outdoors / Travel Dave Anderson's Forest Journal: What can we learn from the saga of the Hanover bears?    3    PUBLISHED - 1:31 am 6/03 Family trade is rock steady: Father and son create fieldstone artistry across the Lakes Region   0    PUBLISHED - 1:30 am 6/03 Rob Burbank's Outdoors with the AMC: Huts open for full-service season    0    PUBLISHED - 1:31 am 6/03 Injured Swanzey teen helped off Mount Monadnock    0    PUBLISHED - 9:59 pm 6/04 People & Lifestyles Bike Share Manchester is ready to roll onto city streets today    0    PUBLISHED - 9:36 pm 6/04 NH Senior News Notes   0    PUBLISHED - 6:48 pm 6/04 NH college graduates finish Air Force training    0    PUBLISHED - 1:43 am 6/03 Reunion: Memorial High School, Class of 1962    0    PUBLISHED - 1:43 am 6/03 Entertainment Tight security and tears at benefit concert for Manchester bomb victims    0    PUBLISHED - 11:11 pm 6/04 Park Theatre in Jaffrey getting off the ground with agreement    0    PUBLISHED - 3:58 pm 6/03 Let's chat: Jordan Carlos ready to share his comic take on life with NH audiences   0    PUBLISHED - 5:16 pm 5/31 Avett Brothers’ Bob Crawford on his extended family on and off the road   0    PUBLISHED - 5:16 pm 5/31 Dining & Food McIntyre Ski Area hosts Manchester's first Food Truck Festival this weekend   0 Drive into McIntyre Ski Area for food truck feast this weekend    0    PUBLISHED - 5:15 pm 5/31 Chowder festival washes ashore Saturday on Seacoast   1    PUBLISHED - 5:15 pm 5/31    Full Site    Mobile Site © Copyright 2017 Union Leader Corporation. All rights reserved. Tags Auctions Bedford Common Core Contests Crime Derry Hooksettt Londonderry Manchester Market Basket Business Education Northern Pass Our Gourmet Primary - 2016 Property Transfers Scott Brown SNHU UNH Wind power Winter Fun NEWS Animals Business Ask the Expert 40 Under Forty Crime Education Newspapers in Education Energy Health History Legacy Awards Politics   Voters First   Granite Status   State House Dome   City Hall Public safety Real Estate Religion Science/Tech Social Issues   Aging in NH Special Sections Transportation   Autos   unionleaderautos.com Veterans War Weather SPORTS Golf Bruins/NHL Celtics/NBA College Sports columns Fisher Cats High School Monarchs Motor sports Patriots/NFL Red Sox/MLB ANNOUNCEMENTS Anniversary Birth Engagement Wedding Obituaries  Obituary policy  Memorial Bookmarks PHOTO GALLERIES Buy photos Buy page reprint OPINION Editorials Op-eds Editorial Cartoons Letters to Editor LOCAL VOICES City Matters Dick Pinney Grant Bosse Looking Back Publisher's Notes Scene in Manchester Nature Talks CLASSIFIEDS Automotive Employment ads Merchandise Public Notices Real estate Rentals Services PLACE CLASSIFIED NEWHAMPSHIRE.com Arts & Entertainment Events Food  Our Gourmet Life & Culture NH People Outdoors Ski Conditions Travel & Tourism Winter Fun SERVICES Contact Us Subscriptions Newsletter Signup Where to buy Union Leader Mobile options Santa Fund Advertising Send a news tip! Advanced Search Newsletters signup Union Leader jobs Privacy Policy
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, June 04, 2017, 11:17 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Trucking board new chief kept ear to ground He worked hard, listened when field’s titans talked By Emma Hurt This article was published today at 1:58 a.m. Comments aAFont Size PHOTO BY SPECIAL TO THE ARKANSAS DEMOCRAT-GAZETTE Al Heringer IV, VP of Star Transportation and chairman of the AR Trucking Association board. Al Heringer IV was not planning to go into trucking. The plan was to work for QuikTrip in Tulsa, then go back to Jonesboro and follow in the footsteps of three Al Heringers before him in the petroleum marketing business. The first Al Heringer founded Lone Star Co. in 1926. But after playing tight end for the Razorbacks for four years, Heringer IV ended up needing some knee surgeries and opted to stay in Arkansas. Where his dad needed him wasn't at Lone Star though. It was, instead, in a tiny, new trucking operation, Star Transportation. It had opened in 1994 and had six trucks when Heringer IV joined in 1998. "I billed and dispatched every load," he recalled. "Me and one other guy were in a small, double-wide trailer. I just kind of fell in love with it, and we built it from there." Today, the company has about 100 trucks hauling petroleum and diesel. And Heringer, vice president of Star Transportation, was recently elected chairman of the Arkansas Trucking Association board of directors, replacing Butch Rice, president of Stallion Transportation Group. When asked how Star Transportation's growth happened, Heringer said, "I was flying by the seat of my pants." "As long as we are showing [his father] our returns, he stays back and lets us do our job," he said. He has long been involved with the Arkansas Oil Marketers Association. So, he sought out a similar community in the trucking industry. "I was trying to [increase] our trucking business and was looking for more knowledge," he said. "I was just trying to understand our scope, trying to learn more about how the trucking side worked." In 2010, Heringer joined the board of directors. At the beginning, the 41-year-old said he did a lot of listening. "I started out just walking around and trying to keep my mouth closed. I looked more like a security guard than a director." "I don't feel very young, but as part of the board of directors I was always the young kid, even though I'm a big old boy," he said. What he has learned from his fellow board members has been valuable, he said. His market represents a small niche compared with most in the association. "I'm different compared to everybody else that I sit on the board with, so it was really neat to try to learn what they do and how they do things the right way," he said. He said the position afforded him a unique opportunity. "I sit on a board with Wal-Mart and all these big companies that have this political leverage and garner attention. I could come along and feel like I could give a voice to a small carrier and get to tag along because I was with [fellow board members] Craig Harper or Dan Cushman," he said of J.B. Hunt's chief operating officer and P.A.M. Transport's president and chief executive officer. Plus, he said, an absence of competition can help. "I think everyone feels safe talking to me because I'm no threat to them. I don't do what they do, and they don't do what I do." Shannon Newton, president of the Arkansas Trucking Association, said Heringer's age is not indicative of his experience. "He has been engaged and on the board for quite some time now. He has some previous experience with other trade associations and boards, which lends him credibility and confidence in addressing our issues at the Legislature and with the public." "He has taken it upon himself to be engaged, and that has led him to be a leader among his peers," she said. "I look forward to working with him. We have a good friendship and a good working relationship, so I'm excited about his term as chairman." Doug Voss, board member and associate professor of logistics and supply chain management at the University of Central Arkansas, agreed. "He is very knowledgeable about the industry and the problems it faces, and he works very well with everyone in the association and the industry," Voss said. "He certainly has a great deal of name recognition in the state, too." Heringer played for Danny Ford and Houston Nutt at the University of Arkansas from 1994-98. "He's the kind of guy that people like to be around," Newton said. "He's a good storyteller. He has had a lot of life experience being involved with Razorback athletics. People love to hear those stories and reminisce about football and Houston Nutt and his time there." "And he's smart," she said. "He has a lot of experience in the family network to draw upon to help him do well in business and relate well to others." Voss applauded Heringer's decision to take on the time commitment of Trucking Association chairman. "The tasks that he is assigned are very time-consuming. You have to be willing to put in the work and willing to share your knowledge and information with those in the association, as they do the same with you," he said. "You have to work together like you would in any other workplace, but you do it for free." As to what he hopes to accomplish during his term, Heringer highlighted one long-standing issue: "I would really like highway reform. I don't know if I'll get that though, so maybe I need to come up with a Plan B." SundayMonday Business on 06/04/2017 Print Headline: Trucking board new chief kept ear to ground Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Tyson's 2Q pummeled shares Trucking board new chief kept ear to ground Friends' hobby now a business In Zimbabwe, tobacco growers flush, flat brok... Buyer says no big changes planned for west Li... Coal-burning power plant closes Australian coal project raises reef fears Apple readies Siri speaker to rival Google, A... Maker of high-end flip-flops a bargain after ... More Business stories > Comments on: Trucking board new chief kept ear to ground To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 'Executive privilege' to quiet Comey called an option (29 comments) Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (31 comments) 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack (6 comments) Pulled from reality (4 comments) 2 leaders affirm climate pledges (2 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (35 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
MENU Home Login Subscription Options CREATE NEW – Home Delivery Subscription MAKE HOME DELIVERY PAYMENT HERE CREATE NEW – Online Only Subscription Contact UFO Store PUZZLES Crosswords Sudoku How to Clear Cache MENU Newspaper E-Newpaper Sunday Comics NEWS Local News Local News Local News Dining Guide Dining Guide Local Business Review Local Business Review Positively Roswell Positively Roswell Vistas Sports Local Sports AP Auto Racing AP Baseball AP Basketball AP Football AP Golf AP Soccer AP Tennis Obituaries In Memory Records Public/Police Public Record Police Blotter Classifieds Listings Local Classifieds Listings Legal Notice Ads Opinion Editorial Editorial Dear Editor Magazines Lifestyles Travel & Dining Guide Screens Magazine Vision Magazine Special Sections AP News News Feed Business Entertainment National News State News World News 1 Username: 1 Outdoor Adventure Day reels in youth June 4, 2017 • Local News Yule Aranda of Artesia helps his son, Yule Aranda Jr., 2, reel in a catfish during Saturday’s Outdoor Adventure Day at Spring River Park and Zoo. Sunrise Optimist Club member Roger Burnett watches as the younger Aranda enjoys fishing for his first time. (Lisa Dunlap Photo) More than 350 pounds of catfish were stocked this week at the Spring River Park and Zoo pond to give area youth a good chance to pull in a catch during Outdoor Adventure Day Saturday. “We are expecting about 200 people,” said Corp. Tyson Sanders of the New [auth] Mexico Game and Fish Department, which sponsors the annual event in cooperation with the Sunrise Optimist Club and the Roswell Fire and Police departments. “Our goal is to get kids outside and enjoying the outdoors,” Sanders said, “whether that is through fishing, archery, pellet guns or the (off-highway vehicle) simulator. We just want kids to get excited about being outdoors.” More than $2,700 worth of prizes were expected to be given out, including 120 prizes to be awarded in random drawings and bikes to be given to the girl and boy catching the largest specimens. The fishing contest was open to youth age 11 or younger. Girl Scout Troop 21 was also offering some games, and the Roswell Fire Department had an obstacle course for kids. Hot dogs and drinks were scheduled to be given away by Roswell Police Department officers. Sanders said donors to the event include Wal-Mart, the New Mexico chapter of Safari International, Southwest Printing, Street Illusions and Business Notions. Just a couple of hours after registration began, 170 youth had already registered to fish. They were allowed to keep two, but some attending were releasing their catches. “They love fishing and being outdoors,” said Stephanie Lucero about the three children she and her husband brought to the park. “We plan to be here throughout the day.” In Roswell, the Outdoor Adventure Day coincided with free fishing day statewide, Sanders said. Several New Mexico Game and Fish Department offices around the state offer similar events on free fishing day or other days during the year, he said. Senior Writer Lisa Dunlap can be reached at 575-622-7710, ext. 310, or at reporter02@rdrnews.com. Related Posts About the Author: Lisa Dunlap Lisa Dunlap is a general assignment reporter for the Roswell Daily Record. Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « UFO Festival events announced Down syndrome families hear from experts » Business Review Desert Palms, LLC. Carpet & Tile Cleaning Dining Guide El Toro Bravo Positively Roswell Mildred Swenson celebrates 102 years New Mexico schools look to solve physician shortage June 3, 2017 New Mexico woman sentenced for stealing crime funds June 3, 2017 General: Plane from unit at Cannon AFB dropped massive bomb June 3, 2017 Albuquerque police: 2 dead after shooting in parking lot June 3, 2017 New Mexico seeking info as it updates state railway plan June 3, 2017 New Mexico considering changes to Medicaid program June 2, 2017 New Mexico AD stepping down amid spending scrutiny June 2, 2017 ENMU’s Roswell campus seeks $20 million for capital projects June 2, 2017 Unpaid furlough days not coming for New Mexico employees June 2, 2017 Prosecutors: No charges in shooting at Albuquerque car wash June 2, 2017 © 2017 Roswell Daily Record | Roswell Area News | Proudly sponsoring The Roswell Incident Project since 2016! Web directory script
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Even at $1,000, Amazon May Be a Steal Brian O'Connell• U.S.News & World Report June 2, 2017 Amazon.com (ticker: AMZN) stock joined a select club by hitting the $1,000-per-share mark this week for the first time. The tech giant joins companies like Alphabet ( GOOG, GOOGL), Priceline Group ( PCLN) and Berkshire Hathaway ( BRK.A, BRK.B), among a few others, who have reached the $1,000 barrier at least once. Amazon has been on a tear in 2017. The stock is up 30 percent, and is up a staggering 1,500 percent since 2009, when the stock market began its current eight-year climb. In April, AMZN reported revenues of $35.7 billion, with earnings of $1.48 per share. Sales rose by 23 percent during the three-month reporting period, and its cloud-based business services skyrocketed by 42 percent for the quarter. It's also worth noting that AMZN's stock price has split three times since the company's initial public offering 20 years ago -- in 1998 (a two-for-one and three-for-one split, respectively) and in 1999 (a two-for-one split). FANG stocks lead the way. If the past really is prologue, as is often the case on Wall Street, there's a good case to be made that Amazon is undervalued. [See: 7 of the Tech Stocks to Buy in 2017.] "We're not surprised Amazon and Alphabet are testing the $1,000 price point," says James Wang, a research analyst for ARK Invest's actively managed ARK Web X.0 exchange-traded fund ( ARKW). "The FANG stocks continue to rally due to consistent double-digit revenue growth despite their large scale, defying the law of large numbers." FANG is an acronym for four large-cap growth stocks -- Facebook ( FB), Amazon, Netflix ( NFLX) and Google. Wang says that most people professional investors believe fast-growing tech stocks, like Amazon, are overvalued, but he thinks the opposite is true. "For example, the S&P 500 trades at a [price/earnings-growth ratio] of 2.9 -- far above the generally considered fair value of 1," he says. "Facebook, by contrast, has a PEG of 0.5 and adjusted for earnings growth, Facebook trades at one-fifth of the market average." Internet companies currently account for 10 percent of the market capitalization of the Standard & Poor's 100 index, Wang says. "We believe next generation technologies like artificial intelligence and blockchain have the potential to push this toward 20 percent over the next decade," he says. Others say Amazon's seemingly unique ability to blend high-concept technologies into the lives of ordinary Americans on an everyday basis must be factored in when discussing the firm's future growth prospects. "Artificial intelligence, preemptive marketing and a barely-tapped international market are just three of the many reasons that Amazon is just now hitting the upsweep of its growth potential," says Krista Fabregas, an analyst at FitSmallBusiness.com, who closely tracks Amazon. "By successfully injecting itself seamlessly into everyday life at home and elsewhere, Amazon makes its business to know what you like, what you want, as well as where and how you do things. "Through this business model, Amazon is driving toward one goal -- to deliver whatever you need better than anyone else," Fabregas says. "So far, it's reached close to $1,000-per-share by targeting the U.S. consumer on a 2-to-1 ratio over all international shoppers. As it begins to tap international markets with the same determination, its value could easily rise again by half." The only scenarios where Fabregas sees AMZN stock declining is a not-so-likely perfect storm of cataclysmic events. "Being a highly leveraged company, Amazon's stock could tumble in a perfect storm of crippling cyberattacks, loss of market euphoria, and forced liquidation via margin calls," she says. "But I'm sticking with the glass half full on this one since so far, Amazon comes out of every dip on the crest of the next wave." Looking at Amazon in a different light could be another path to profits for investors who view the tech giant as undervalued. "While retail has been a dismal sector so far this year -- with names like Target ( TGT), Macy's ( M) and Kohl's ( KSS) down over 20 percent already -- Amazon has been the beneficiary," says Liz Miller, president of Summit Place Financial Advisors in Summit, New Jersey. [See: 9 of the Market's Best Growth Stocks.] Miller says too many investors continue to think of Amazon as a technology stock, but it's more appropriately the leading retail stock in the S&P 500. "What is abundantly clear this year is that while traditional retail is nearly crumbling, consumers have not reduced their discretionary spending," she says. "They are increasingly transitioning to shopping exclusively on the internet. Amazon is a prime beneficiary of this growth because the company almost single-handedly created this trend." The case for Amazon being overvalued. But other Wall Street observers say Amazon's amazing run is likely unsustainable, due to a combination of tougher competition and the high likelihood the company is due for an operational and strategic stumble or two. "I believe Amazon is overvalued," says Joe Sterf, founder of Pennsylvania-based AverageJoeFinance.com, a personal finance site geared to helping millennials manage their money. Most experts that say it's undervalued base their analysis double-digit projected growth rates, Sterf says. "Anything dealing with projected growth rates is fraught with risk. These rates assume Amazon will continue to execute perfectly and that no competitors will challenge them, even though major players like Walmart ( WMT) and Target are constantly trying to take back market share." Sterf also points out that Amazon is currently overvalued, based on fundamentals. It has a price-earnings ratio of 187 while the average P/E of the S&P 500 is about 25. "So yes, Amazon is growing faster than the S&P 500, but I wouldn't pay over seven times the average stock to buy it," he says. "Walmart, Amazon's main peer, only has a P/E of 18. Given these comparisons and the fact that Amazon stock is up over 30 percent on a year-to-date basis, I would wait for a pullback before buying any shares." That said, hitting the royal $1,000 mark is a significant achievement, the Wall Street version of Tom Brady winning five Super Bowls or the Beatles landing 17 No. 1 worldwide hits. These marks aren't crested often, and with good reason. But that doesn't mean investors should go "all in" on Amazon -- not until they've done their due diligence, talked to a financial pro, and can sleep at night with significant cash steered to a high-flying stock. [See: 9 of the Most-Loved Stocks in the Trump White House.] Because you know the old saying -- the bigger they are, the harder they fall. Brian O'Connell is a contributing financial writer for U.S. News & World Report. A former Wall Street bond trader and the author of two best-selling books; "The 401k Millionaire" and "CNBC's Creating Wealth", he has 20 years experience covering business news and trends, particularly in the financial, technology, political and career management sectors. His byline has appeared in dozens of top-tier national business publications, including CBS News, Bloomberg, Time, MSN Money, The Wall Street Journal, CNBC, TheStreet.com, Yahoo Finance, CBS Marketwatch, and many more. Visit his web site at: https://brianoco.contently.com/. Or, visit this Amazon.com link for a list/review of some of his book titles. Reach out to him on LinkedIn. Popular in the Community Oklahoma man trying to drown his twin babies shot dead by neighbour 3,261 reactions12%67%21% Osteens Finally Clear Up The Controversial Rumors TheBlaze.comSponsored Erinn Hayes Exiting 'Kevin Can Wait' Amid Season 2 Creative Reset 1,665 reactions7%75%18% CNN hosts makes 'racist' comment to 12-year-old Spelling Bee Champion 3,975 reactions4%55%41% Deadly terror attack in London 174 reactions6%68%26% Top 8 Credit Cards For Those With Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored Putin denies having compromising information on Trump 49 reactions4%62%34% Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1 124 reactions3%79%18% Warriors roar to 2-0 NBA Finals lead in coach Steve Kerr's return 412 reactions4%79%17% What Happens To Your Body After Drinking This? VitaCupSponsored Fans fight near tunnel as Cavaliers leave floor after NBA Finals loss to Warriors (Video) 25 reactions3%61%36% Turin bomb scare sparks stampede, leaving 1,500 injured 2,493 reactions6%62%32%
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 29-June 2, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of May 29-June 2, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – On Wednesday night, Ashwood Boulevard will be closed at its intersection with Route 29 during installation of the permanent traffic signal equipment. Beginning at 9 p.m. traffic will be detoured to North Hollymead Drive, then back to Ashwood. On Thursday night, North Hollymead Drive will be closed at Route 29 during similar traffic signal installation work. Traffic will be detoured via Ashwood Boulevard and South Hollymead Drive back to North Hollymead Drive. The work will be rescheduled for the following night if the operation is cancelled due to bad weather.     Northbound traffic has been shifted to the two outside lanes within the work zone and the inside (left) lane is closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive). Motorists should be alert for advance warning signs and move to the right lanes well ahead of the work zone. Shoulders are closed, travel lanes are narrowed and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – On Wednesday night, traffic will be shifted to new pavement at the intersection of Hilton Heights Road and Berkmar Drive. Motorists should follow signs directing them through the work zone.  The entrance to Sam’s Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. There may be intermittent lane restrictions and closures on Rio Mills Road near the Berkmar bridge while materials are moved out of the work area under the bridge. Motorists may encounter brief delays. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NIGHTTIME CLOSURES ON RT. 29 WIDENING, BERKMAR PROJECTS – Ashwood Blvd., N. Hollymead Dr. entrances closed during signal work; traffic switch Friday night at Berkmar Dr. and Hilton Heights Rd. Next PostNext RT. 658 BRIDGE TO CLOSE FOR REHABILITATION MAY 22 – Road will be closed for three months; motorists advised to use alternate routes Search Recent Posts Global Cricket Balls Market 2017- Gray-Nicolls, Slazenge, Woodwor, Gunn & Moore, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Dendritic Cell Cancer Vaccine Market 2017- 3M Company, Activartis, Batavia Bioservices, Creagene, Dendreon, Merck Global Detector Diode Market 2017- Vishay, ON Semiconductor, NXP, Comchip, ANOVA, Bourns Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Go inside Amazon's amazing journey to $1,000 per share The Street Breana Noble 2 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 3 reasons this rally was never going to get traction Retirement investing goals for your 20s, 30s and 40s Full screen 1/12 SLIDES © TheStreet Noteworthy moments in Amazon's history Starting as an online bookseller and exploding to become the largest internet-based retailer in the world, Amazon shares briefly surpassed $1,000 on Tuesday for the first time. The milestone gave the company a market capitalization of more than $477 billion. Shares closed at $996.70. Since 1994 when Amazon was founded, the online retailer has expanded to sell electronics, clothing and accessories, food and more. It is now the world's largest provider of cloud infrastructure services, which is likely to help fuel its growth for the foreseeable future. In 2015, Amazon surpassed Walmart as the most valuable retailer in the United States by market capitalization. Click ahead for some other noteworthy moments in Amazon's history. Click here to see AMZN's latest share price 2/12 SLIDES © TheStreet 1995 Amazon launched its website in 1995 to sell books online, competing against booksellers such as Barnes & Noble and Borders Group, which filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2014. 3/12 SLIDES © TheStreet 1997 On the first day of trading on the Nasdaq in May 1997, the retailer sold 72,156,000 shares and the stock closed at $23.50. 4/12 SLIDES © TheStreet 1998 On July 1, 1998, Amazon shares closed at more than $100 for the first time, according to Yahoo Finance. Amazon later announced on Aug. 5, 1998, that it was expanding its offerings. The retailer began selling CDs and DVDs that same year. 5/12 SLIDES © TheStreet 1999 Although Amazon's 1-Click purchasing made its debut in 1997, the company earned a patent for the system and its name in September 1999. Claiming Barnes & Noble had copied the technology, it settled the dispute with the bookseller in October of that year. 6/12 SLIDES © TheStreet 2001 Amazon made its first quarterly profit at the end of 2001. 7/12 SLIDES © TheStreet 2002 Amazon launched its web cloud services in 2002. The service now powers millions of companies, and generated revenue of $3.66 billion in the first three months of 2017. In 2006, Amazon became one of the first to offer companies the ability to rent storage and processing power instead of paying to build and operate their own data centers. 8/12 SLIDES © TheStreet 2005 The company launched Amazon Prime, its premium membership, in 2005. The annual cost was $79 at the time. Prime members now pay $99 per year, getting access to free two-day shipping, early deals, and unlimited streaming of qualifying movies, TV shows and music. 9/12 SLIDES © TheStreet 2007 The Amazon Kindle made its debut in 2007. In 2009, Barnes & Noble introduced its own eReader, the Nook. In July 2010, Amazon announced that the sale of Kindle eBooks outnumber hardcovers for the first time. Amazon released its tablet, the Kindle Fire, in 2011. 10/12 SLIDES © TheStreet 2013 Amazon announces its drone delivery system, Amazon Prime Air. At the time, the company stated the program sought to deliver packages within 30 minutes using small flying devices. The program made its first delivery in Cambridge in the United Kingdom in December 2016. 11/12 SLIDES © TheStreet 2015 Amazon's stock closed at more than $500 a share on July 24, 2015, according to Yahoo Finance. That same year, it celebrated its 20th anniversary. 12/12 SLIDES © TheStreet 2017 Amazon's stock prices briefly surpassed $1,000 on Tuesday, May 30. 12/12 SLIDES AdChoices More From The Street The 10 Best Beaches for Families in the U.S. The Street Best Memorial Day Wines to Start Summer Off Right The Street The 50 best small and medium sized companies to work for The Street The Street View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in Sections Search Search Tips Sign in New York Post latest in living Do I have a duty to report a business conduct violation? Tap into your college alumni network to get ahead The younger generation is super competitive and wants to steal... These co-workers live with their boss This week’s must-read books In My Library: Paula Poundstone My 12 different identities as an undercover FBI agent This trucker is torn on automation—even if it costs him his job Here’s how to really fix the campus sexual assault epidemic The bizarre origins of your favorite slang words How Princess Diana’s death shamed the royals into a much-needed... Why it’s crucial we regulate sperm donors Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Living Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy This trucker is torn on automation—even if it costs him his job By Finn Murphy View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) June 3, 2017 | 4:55pm Modal Trigger Getty Images Meet a dead man walking. I’m a long-haul trucker, and I’m going to be replaced by a computer. It will happen soon. I’m figuring five years or less for trucks. Cars will take a little longer. This big push for driverless vehicles is more about getting rid of truck drivers than Uber drivers. The only humans left in the modern supply chain are truckers. Trucks are loaded and unloaded into and out of warehouses by barcode machines. Eliminating drivers completes the loop. Driverless trucks won’t need health insurance, vacations or pay. They also won’t need dispatchers, compliance departments or human-resource managers. I’m resistant to automation because it’s not what I’m used to, it’s not what I want and the future looks blurry. Some of the press I’ve read about automating trucks has to do with moral choice, like what does the machine do when faced with damaging property versus a person? There are still technological issues — what happens when the machine gets hacked? — but those will be solved. I have to admit, the machine will probably be safer when put against the 35,000 annual traffic fatalities we’ve grown so accustomed to with human drivers. But also, that’s 2 million low-skill jobs lost. I’m resistant to automation because it’s not what I’m used to, it’s not what I want and the future looks blurry. Driving our own vehicle is lodged in American cultural bedrock. To paraphrase author Cotton Seiler from the book “Republic of Drivers”: ‘The belief in self-directed motion as an agent of liberation is powerful and venerable in American culture.” That says it all. Besides, I’m not really ready for another reshaping of our entire cultural fabric. Computers and smartphones were enough upheaval for one lifetime. I’m trying to work through this intellectually, not emotionally, so I’m taking a step back to calmly think about other cultural norms that were typical in the past but unthinkable today. As a trucker, Finn Murphy is one of the last humans left in the transportation-industry supply chain. Here are two examples. The first is from the 19th century. From our current perch, we find it inconceivable that an educated Southern planter endorsed slavery. If we conjured up one of these people, he’d likely say that it was what he grew up with and it was supported by church, family and the entire social fabric. It would have taken a person of very advanced imagination to break free of the status quo and visualize a different future back then. My second point is from my own direct experience. In my high school in the 1970s, seniors who had a certain grade point average were allowed to smoke cigarettes on school premises. This was considered a privilege. When I tell millennials that smoking in school was a reward, they are incredulous. In both cases, contemporary folks simply cannot believe that society viewed these practices as civilized. I believe that it won’t be long before people will look at human drivers in the same way. “Your generation was completely comfortable with 35,000 road deaths each year? It was a bloodbath out there and you let it happen. You folks were barbarians! Now we have only 300 deaths a year because of automated vehicles. What were you all thinking?” Independent driving will be viewed as errant irresponsibility, like a pregnant woman smoking. There will be fewer deaths — and no truck drivers. How are the supplanted truckers going to make a living? America has fallen short in providing alternatives for displaced workers. I’m no Luddite. I don’t think we should slow down technology to keep jobs. On the other hand, there are millions of working people caught in this spiral of job elimination leading to ever lower paying work. We can’t all work at Walmart. I live in Colorado, and the hills are strewn with abandoned mines that spew toxic chemicals into the rivers and streams. I used to live in Bridgeport, Conn., where the rotting carcasses of abandoned factories lie everywhere. When truckers go the way of these ghosts, once again, downsized workers will be tossed to the government to deal with (and while transportation companies reap enormous benefits). Have the companies embracing technological change no responsibility for the human and physical mess they leave behind? Apparently not. Even The Economist, no foe of innovation, admits that America has fallen short in providing alternatives for displaced workers. I’ve been a trucker since 1980. What am I supposed to do? Get retrained in computer programming? I’m almost 60 years old. Not likely. Something needs to change. I’m a solid American, and I believe in work. I also believe in cleaning up after myself. That makes me a responsible citizen. It’s long past time for the private sector to become one, too. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under delivery services ,  driverless car ,  Jobs ,  robots ,  truckers Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Here's how to really fix the campus sexual assault epidemi... Read Next Here's how to really fix the campus sexual assault epidemi... Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 212,064 Mary Kay Letourneau's husband: We only split so I could sell pot 78,581 'Kushnergate' is a big fat nothing-burger 35,326 Doctors warn women against putting wasp nests in their vaginas Now On Ariana Grande rocks ‘One Love Manchester’ benefit concert Katie Holmes enrolls at Harvard Business School Rev. Al Sharpton continues to slam Bill Maher over N-word SEE ALL Video Alleged thief arrested after narrating his getaway on Facebook Live Now On 10 Shocking Stories Behind Famous Sex Scenes SEE ALL More Stories page six Katie Holmes enrolls at Harvard Business School Now On Decider The 12 Best Movies Coming To Netflix: June 2017 nypost Mary Kay Letourneau's husband: We only split so I could sell pot New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
null
Please assign a menu Subscribe Submit a Post News Videos Features Opinion Entertainment Sports Politics Lifestyle Biz Tech Shop News Tampa Woman Charged for Killing a Man for Allegedly Masturbating in Front of Her A Tampa woman is facing charges after killing a man who she claimed masturbated in front of her. Pascal Mnyika 1 day ago Share Tweet +1s Reddit Pin Comments Apparently in Florida masturbating in front of a woman can be your ticket to your grave. A Tampa woman was recently charged with second-degree murder for the death of a man who allegedly masturbated in front of her. Reportedly Jadian Zeiders, 26, accused William Denham Jr, 53, of performing a heinous act in front of her. Zeiders told police that Denham went to a backyard and masturbated. This caused the 26-year-old to beat the man to death on the 14th of January. In their defense, William’s family members said the Deceased was an openly gay man and was not attracted to women. They termed the allegations as absurd and pointless: “He never would have attacked anyone,” said Maureen Tourigian, one of Denham’s three sisters. “Anyone who knows him knows that, and that he never would expose himself to a woman. He wasn’t interested.” The police report shows investigators turned their attention to Zeiders on Jan. 17, three days after police found Denham lying unconscious around 10 p.m. on a sidewalk near the corner of North 15th and East Elm streets after being notified by an anonymous tip. Denham, who lived on East Crenshaw Street, died at St. Joseph’s Hospital. The autopsy report indicated that the cause of death was blunt trauma to the face and body. Witnesses say they saw a woman and two men beating Denham to the ground and calling him a pedophile. Dan Kane, Denham’s partner, through a statement he explained that Denham had gone to a local Walmart to purchase frozen dinners and stopped by his old home near East Crenshaw Street. He went ahead to assert that the woman had falsified her story an offense that could put her behind bars for a long time. “They’re a danger to the community and need to be off the street.” Currently, Zeiders is on a $100,000 bail and remains in Hillsborough County Jail. She was arrested previously in November for heroin possession and failure to appear in court. Jadian Zeiders tampa Pascal Mnyika Share This 0 0 0 0 Previous ArticleGraham Jones Brings His Latest Film 'Sunshine Ukulele' Free to YouTube Next ArticleHow Medicare is Promoting Financial and Physical Security Recommended For You Don't miss a thing. Keep up with the Twist. facebook twitter Follow From Around the Web Latest News News How Medicare is Promoting Financial and Physical Security TUT Staff 1 day ago Graham Jones Brings His Latest Film ‘Sunshine Ukulele’ Free to YouTube Christina Jeter 1 day ago Entertainment Meet Purple-Haired Amazonians at ‘Wild Woman of the Planet Wongo’ in New York City [REVIEW] Victoria Johnson 3 days ago News Baltimore Mayor Considering Removing Confederate Monuments Pascal Mnyika 5 days ago Teacher Gives Middle School Student a Ridiculous “Most Likely To Blend In With White People” Award Pascal Mnyika 5 days ago This Avatar-Themed Drink is Giving Starbucks’ Unicorn Frappuccino Some Competition Pascal Mnyika 5 days ago News Lee Boyd Malvo’s Life Sentences Deemed Unconstitutional Pascal Mnyika 5 days ago Politics More Cities Join the call for Trump’s Impeachment Pascal Mnyika 5 days ago About The Urban Twist The Urban Twist is a global media and technology company focused on the digital generation. The mission of The Urban Twist is simple: to be the place that independent journalists and bloggers go to be heard. The Urban Twist is committed to giving independent journalists/bloggers a voice and market to exchange ideas and openly share the news and their stories by tapping into their passion and dedication by powering the production of authentic, engaging and socially driven content distributed to a rapidly growing audience across web, mobile, and social media. Company Links Write For Us! About Us Affiliates Advertising Media Sponsorship Make a Donation Privacy Policy Internships Contact Us Help & Support Knowledgebase/Tutorials Article Review & Publishing Policy Copyright & DMCA Information Digital Journalist and Writer’s Guide Facebook Twitter Instagram Copyright 2016 The Urban Twist. All Rights Reserved. Website Designed and Maintained by <a target="_blank" href="http://www.pswebpros.com">P.S. Web Pros</a>.

Skip to main content User menu Login Search form Search Main menu Home Local News Sports Regional Opinion Le Lali AP News Our Troops Features Linking Samoans Feautres Slideshows Videos iPaper Archives Advertise Contact Subscriptions Classifieds Place a Classified Home Former Starkist Senior VP of sales accused of price fixing Sat, 06/03/2017 - 9:56am By  Tom Seaman, Undercurrent News The US Department of Justice (DOJ) is accusing a former senior sales executive with Starkist of conspiring to fix prices for shelf stable seafood, the first non-Bumble Bee Foods executive to be formally charged. Stephen Hodge, the former senior vice president of sales with Starkist, ultimately owned by South Korean group Dongwon Enterprise, has been charged with one count of price fixing by the DOJ, according to a document filed on May 30 in the US district court of northern California.  According to the document, Hodge conspired with executives from other companies to fix prices, from early 2011 until 2013. Although no companies are named in the lawsuit, Hodge was with Starkist, one of the "big three" in the US tuna sector, along with Thai Union Group-owned Tri-Union Seafoods, which trades as Chicken of the Sea, and Bumble Bee. In early 2014, Undercurrent News reported Hodge had left Starkist. He was not immediately available for comment to Undercurrent on June 3. Hodge’s name also appears on a list of 56 major industry players said to have participated in the alleged conspiracy in a civil lawsuit from retailer Walmart. The list of 56, who are not listed as defendants in the Walmart lawsuit, also includes the CEOs of Thai Union, Dongwon, Bumble Bee and the president of the National Fisheries Institute, the industry group for the US seafood sector. Hodge is the third executive to be charged by the DOJ with price fixing, after Ken Worsham and Walter Scott Cameron, both longtime Bumble Bee sales executives. Read more at Undercurrent News                                     The US Department of Justice (DOJ) is accusing a former senior sales executive with Starkist of conspiring to fix prices for shelf stable seafood, the first non-Bumble Bee Foods executive to be formally charStephen Hodge, the former senior vice president of sales with Starkist, ultimately owned by South Korean group Dongwon Enterprise, has been charged with one count of price fixing by the DOJ, according to a document filed on May 30 in the US district court of northern California. According to the document, Hodge conspired with executives from other companies to fix prices, from early 2011 until 2013. View the discussion thread. Section:  Local News Photos Videos O se vaaiga i le afioga Aumua Amata, Sui i le Konekeresi a le malo tele, fa’atasi ai ma le Tulaga muamua Precious C. Ameperosa ma le ali’i na tulaga lua Adrian Bacqui i le vasega faaiuaso Kanana Fou High 2017. [ata: Leua Aiono Frost] Copyright © Osini Faleatasi Inc. dba Samoa News | All Rights Reserved Comment Here
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider   Welcome, {username} Profile | Login Fox News tech Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air TECH Amazon Basics is killing every category it touches, including batteries By Chris Ciaccia Published May 31, 2017 Fox News Facebook Twitter Comments Email Print File photo: Amazon boxes are seen stacked for delivery in the Manhattan borough of New York City, January 29, 2016. (REUTERS/Mike Segar) Amazon has expanded into a number of different categories over the years, including private label goods, under its Amazon Basics label. The unit is now so big that it now sells more batteries than Duracell and almost as many diapers as Pampers, according to a new report. Prominent venture capitalist Mary Meeker has released her annual internet trends report, which shows Amazon now sells more private-label batteries than Duracell, owning slightly more than 30 percent of the U.S. market, as of August 2016.  It also ranks third in selling baby diapers, behind Pampers and Huggies, capturing just slightly more than 15 percent of the market. Under its Amazon Basics label, the Jeff Bezos-led company now sells everything from sheets to phone chargers to backpacks. The entire slide deck from Kleiner Perkins' Meeker can be read here. ALEXA COULD BE AMAZON'S NEXT BIG WINNER Retailers have been hit particularly hard this year, as store closures could reach a 20-year high this year, as more consumers shop on the internet, with Amazon increasing its lead over Walmart and others. According to Business Insider Intelligence, Amazon accounts for 43 percent of all U.S. online sales. Despite the strength Amazon has seen over its competitors in the e-commerce space, consumers still do most of their shopping in physical stores. According to data from the U.S. Department of Commerce, e-commerce sales accounted for only 8.5 percent of total sales in the first-quarter of 2017, or $105.7 billion on a seasonally adjusted basis. Total retail sales during the period were $1.25 trillion. Due in part to its expanding presence in retail, as well as several other factors, Amazon's stock recently hit $1,000 per share, giving the company a market capitalization of almost $500 billion. Advertisement Trending in Tech In an unexplored abyss, faceless fish swim Parents denied access to dead teen's Facebook account Two gigantic black holes spotted merging into one terrifying monster 5 ways to test your computer's security How to do a free online background check Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
thedailynews.cc News Greenville Belding Carson City Lakeview Edmore Stanton Panhandle Classifieds Deals E-edition More Latest Funeral Notices Scanner Free Time PLUG IN June 05, 2017 News local politics business beat Opinions Lifestyle Sports local high school Outdoors Community Events Calendar Funeral Notices Classifieds More Videos Lottery Photos Subscribe E-edition E-book NIE Subscriber Services Submit News Click Now! Posted: Saturday, June 03, 2017 Jorgensen’s grocery store is returning to Greenville By Meghan Nelson • Last Updated 10:17 pm on Friday, June 02, 2017 Tweet From left, Jorgensen’s owner Jack Jorgensen, Director of Operations Brett Meilleur, owner Donna Jorgensen and CEO Maria Parker stand outside of the old Greenville Jorgensen store, which they plan to re-open this summer. — Daily News/Meghan Nelson GREENVILLE — Jorgensen’s closed the doors of itswest side store in Greenville in 2010. Seven years later, plans are in the works for the grocery store to return to its former location off of W. Washington Street this summer. “We’re hoping (to open) mid to late July. That’s the plan right now,” said Jorgensen’s Director of Operations Brett Meilleur. “We don’t want to lock that in because things can happen, but that’s what we’re hoping, for some time this summer.” According to Meilleur, the decision to return came from a combination of Ace Hardware leaving the former Jorgensen store and a demand from customers for there to be a hometown grocery store in Greenville. Jorgi’s Marketplace serves the north side of Greenville, but doesn’t offer what a full grocery store does due to its smaller size. “We want to give to give the full shopping experience that people in Greenville aren’t able to get right now, as far as customer service goes,” Meilleur said. “We want to be a little bit unique and less cookie cutter.” The new store will offer a bakery, deli, beer and wine and, of course, fresh meat. “Jorgensen’s has been selling quality meat in Greenville and the Montcalm area for 80 years. I think there’s a need for it,” said owner Jack Jorgensen. Jorgensen’s also plans to focus on customer service. The new store won’t have self-checkout lanes and baggers will help customers carry bags of groceries out to their cars. “(We’re going to offer) a lot better customer service, and you’re going to know the people working here on a personal level. You don’t really get that at bigger stores,” CEO Maria Parker said. Meilleur says he thinks Jorgensen’s will fill a niche people are looking for that Wal-Mart and Meijer, just down the road, can’t fulfill. “I think Greenville has a decent sized pie,” he said. “A lot of towns don’t have a lot to split, but here, I think there’s enough slices for us to take one and everyone else to do just fine. It’s really good for people in the community to have options.” The return of Jorgensen’s to Greenville has another benefit for area residents: Job openings. Meilleur expects about 35 job openings to be available to staff the store, and while some of them may be filled internally, he said at least 20 will be available for the community. A job fair is planned for 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. June 19 at Michigan Works in Greenville. “That’ll be big because besides opening a store, it should be an opportunity for people in the community to find some employment,” Meilleur noted. The Jorgensen company has projects to complete inside the building before they can open, such as roof work, sales orders and building contracts, but Meilleur said the store is definitely returning to Greenville. “Financing is secure. We have the funds, we have written some checks, it’s happening,” he said. About the Author Meghan Nelson Meghan is the Stanton and Lakeview area reporter for The Daily News. She also specializes in stories for the Health and Business Beat pages. She is a 2016 graduate of Eastern Michigan University. Meghan Nelson has written 197 articles. Related Stories New hardware store coming to Greenville this spring Friday, January 6th, 2017 Posted in: G.Slider, Local A new hardware and building materials retail store is coming to town. Motorists have surely noticed a new building being constructed at 306 Maplewood St., directly in front of the Jacket Lanes bowling alley along M-57 on the west side of Greenville. Read More » Greenville jewelry store robbed, police searching for suspect Tuesday, November 29th, 2011 Posted in: G.Slider, Local, News Top Story A robber swiped a handful of valuables from Huch’s Fine Jewelry in downtown Greenville this afternoon. The suspect entered the store at 212 S. Lafayette St. and asked to look at some items around 1:10 p.m. He then distracted the employees and grabbed an undisclosed amount of jewelry before fleeing out the back door. Police believe the suspect did not have a weapon. Read More » Extensive renovations coming to Greenville’s Meijer store Tuesday, March 15th, 2016 Posted in: G.Slider, Local, News Top Story Anyone who has ever picked up a prescription at the Meijer store pharmacy on Greenville West Drive knows there’s room for improvement. Long lines are the norm, rather than the exception. Read More » Greenville music store almost silent Tuesday, May 6th, 2014 Posted in: G.Slider, Local, News Top Story It started in 1948 with a passion for music and a check for $3,000. More than 60 years later, Hansen’s Music Store building has been sold and is closing its doors for good. Read More » Follow Us Facebook:   Twitter: Follow @greenvilledn Email Alerts: Coming Soon… Rate this Article VN:R_U [1.9.10_1130] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes)  0     CommentsCommenting Guidelines Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Name Email Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Videos Most Commented 60 Montcalm County gets homeland security snow cone machine 37 Alley Cat Bar & Grill owner charged with multiple sex crimes 14 Montcalm County to close Krampe Park on June 1 unless volunteer steps up 12 JUST IN: Belding Area Schools unveils new mascot News local politics business beat Sports local high school outdoors Classifieds Browse Classifieds Place an Ad Community forum calendar funeral notices submit news More video lottery photos Subscribe E-edition E-book NIE Stafford Media Solutions ®2011 advertise here contact us E-edition privacy policy sitemap terms Belding E-edition Carson City Greenville Lakeview Stanton Panhandle Edmore
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Revolving Door Continues to Swing: Obama Alumini Land on Their Feet - 06/04/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield Links 6/4/17 - 06/04/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield Don Quijones: Shock Waves Spread from Spain’s New Banking Crisis - 06/04/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield Links 6/3/17 - 06/03/2017 - Yves Smith Mark Ames: When Mother Jones Was Investigated for Spreading Kremlin Disinformation - 06/03/2017 - Yves Smith Theresa May in Election Jitters Caught Lying About Tory Plans to Cut The NHS - 06/03/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 6/2/2017 - 06/02/2017 - Lambert Strether Unsafe at Any Speed Redux: Pinto and Takata Recalls Compared - 06/02/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield Links 6/2/17 - 06/02/2017 - Yves Smith Links 6/2/17 Posted on June 2, 2017 by Yves Smith Yves here. Too many links! This is getting to be a problem, since more links means less time for original posts. Stolen puppies go for a wild ride in Mercedes as alleged thieves flee down interstate Macon Telegraph (J-LS) Coal Ash Is More Radioactive Than Nuclear Waste Scientific American (Chuck L) To kill net neutrality rules, FCC says broadband isn’t “telecommunications” ars technica (martha r) Rise of the crypto-currency “smart ponzi” MacroBusiness Supreme Court Ruling Could Hinder ‘Patent Trolls’ New York Times (EM). From last week, still germane. Google’s Map of the Most Misspelled Word in Every State Should Make America Feel Ashamed GQ (Micael) Bomb-Sniffing Dogs, Scanners Pushed to Avoid Airline Laptop Ban Bloomberg THE SCIENCE OF HOT CHILI PEPPERS JSTOR (Micael) Let’s reconcile to a diet of squid as we overfish to our own peril South China Morning Post(J-LS) Girl makes underclassman kowtow to her in show of ‘respect’ Coconuts India India Used Questionable Loophole to Hide Its Zika Cases From the WHO The Wire Vietnam and the United States Make Nice for Now, but Disappointment Looms Council on Foreign Relations (furzy) It’s pious and inaccurate to say Manchester attack had ‘nothing to do with Islam’. It was rooted in Saudi Arabian Wahhabism Independent (Sid S) It’s not Islam that drives young Europeans to jihad, France’s top terrorism expert explains Haaretz (furzy) Missing the Real Noriega Story Consortium News Venezuela’s hunger crisis is for real Washington Post (furzy) EU maps out road to deeper Monetary Union EUbusiness. Micael: “EU maps out road to deeper Monetary Union.” UK Election This Facebook comment about Jeremy Corbyn is going viral TLE (J-LS) ‘I don’t think he needs my advice’: Bernie Sanders applauds Jeremy Corbyn Guardian (martha r) 8 ways Jeremy Corbyn is winning Politico (J-LS) The middle has fallen out of British politics Economist. So the Lib Dems are now the “smart” neoliberal choice. Syraqistan Kazakhstan rallies equity investors for latest privatization drive Euromoney (Micael) New Cold War Vladimir Putin’s interview with Le Figaro Defend Democracy Report: Nigel Farage a ‘Person of Interest’ in FBI Russia Probe – The Daily Beast (furzy) Big Brother is Watching You Watch Blame game for cyber attacks grows murkier as spying, crime tools mix Reuters (Dan K) Trump Transition Despite Paris Accord Exit, Companies Expect Little Change Wall Street Journal Tesla’s Elon Musk and Disney’s Robert Iger quit Trump advisory councils, citing climate change Los Angeles Times. Martha r: “Don’t miss the last sentence.” Obama: Trump will ‘reject the future’ by pulling out of Paris accord The Hill. An awfully convenient criticism after Obama took forever to sign up, waiting until two months before he left office, so he would pay no political price, and per below, did not sign up in a clearly binding way. The U.S. can’t quit the Paris climate agreement, because it never actually joined Washington Post Trump: Paris deal was ‘massive redistribution of United States wealth Washington Examiner (martha r) Impacts of Greenhouse Gas Regulations On the Industrial Sector NERA. Thomas R: “The report which Trump and other trumpish talking heads were apparently referencing in the MSM on the heels of today’s announcement.” Washington, California, New York band together to form climate alliance Politico. Martha r: “Why are so many poor-quality people suddenly taking “principled” stands over Paris? Somehow I suspect they think they can turn Trump’s decision to their advantage. Surely I am too cynical . . .” Trump appeals travel ban case to Supreme Court The Hill Comey to testify publicly next week The Hill Elizabeth Warren Launches Ambitious New Project to Hold Betsy DeVos Accountable Alternet Warren turns her fire on DeVos The Hill Elizabeth Warren, Cory Booker, and the fight to find the antidote to Trumpism Vox (resilc) Jared Kushner built luxury condos using real estate grants meant for poor communities: report Raw Story (furzy) Trump Grants Ethics Waivers To 17 Top White House Staffers Huffington Post (furzy) Hurricane season starts with nobody in charge at FEMA or NOAA Tampa Bay Times (martha r) Impeachment Advocates Beware: Trump Holds a Trump Card: The Power to Pardon Counterpunch Ex-DNC aide hits back hard at Clinton, says her campaign ignored data on Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin Washington Post (martha r). Look at how he was bullied into deleting his tweet…. DNC data folks firing back at Hillary Clinton is amazing. pic.twitter.com/lfRU4GFASQ — Walker Bragman (@WalkerBragman) June 1, 2017 Hillary Lacks the Remorse of Conscience Peggy Noonan, Wall Street Journal (J-LS). A must read. “Her public statements since defeat have been malignant little masterpieces of victimhood-claiming, blame-shifting and unhelpful accusation. They deserve censure.” Google the headline. When logged out in Google Chrome, I got a $1 for 2 months offer. Secret Service relaxes marijuana policy in bid to swell ranks CNN (J-LS). I take it no one has told Jeff Sessions. JAMES O’KEEFE HIT BY GROUP HE STUNG WITH MILLION-DOLLAR LAWSUIT Intercept. Comparison to Watergate is overwrought. The precedent the 1996 ABC-Food Lion case. You’ll see the fact set is similar. California Senate passes universal health care bill Sacramento Bee. Martha r: “Shades of the Vermont battle–loud objections: ‘How are you going to pay for it’; ‘You won’t say, because we can’t pay for it.'” Economist Shows That Single-Payer Health Care in California Would Protect Business and Save the Public Money Alternet (furzy) S&P, Moody’s Downgrade Illinois to Near Junk, Lowest Ever for a U.S. State Bloomberg POLL: Younger voters favor Ossoff, older voters support Handel WSB-TV (martha r) Leading Right-Wing Christian Figure Calls for a ‘More Violent Christianity’ Alternet (furzy) IEX chief sticks to principles in battle for presence Financial Times (David L) U.S. Homes Are Finally Shrinking Bloomberg Bleecker Street’s Swerve From Luxe Shops to Vacant Stores New York Times (J-LS). I lived on Bank Street when the West Village was cute due to all the trees and the buildings being small scale, but it was bohemian and a bit gritty rather than twee. We are seeing the same phenomenon on Third Avenue in my ‘hood with less upscale merchants. Landlords doubled the rents, killing quite a few formerly viable businesses. Many storefronts have been vacant for over a year. The U.S. Has Forgotten How to Do Infrastructure Bloomberg. Important. Guillotine Watch Came across this while in Monaco. I've no words. pic.twitter.com/Wp4noqBFm2 — ㅤ👩🏻‍🔧 (@ALEXKONlG) May 29, 2017 Economists say the ultra-wealthy are dodging taxes far more than we think Quartz (Tom H) Hell Is Empty and All the Hedge Fund Managers are at The Bellagio The Concourse (doak) Class Warfare Walmart is asking employees to deliver packages on their way home from work Washington Post (resilc, Dan K) Wal-Mart tests delivery of online packages by store workers Reuters (Kokuanani) America’s Toxic Prisons: The Environmental Injustices of Mass Incarceration TruthOut Resurrecting Black Wall Street Your World. Normally I don’t link to what amounts to ads, but I have to confess that I’d never heard of Black Wall Street, nor that, per Judy B: “It’s Been 96 Years Since White Mobs Destroyed Tulsa’s Black Wall Street” Tesla Autopilot Review: Bikers will die Medium (furzy) against white nationalism: full employment & the politics of radical inclusion (guest post) Modern Money Aesthetics (Scott F) Real Power Is in Production, not Consumption Medium (Scott F) Antidote du jour. Hodor: “Attached is my puppy threatening my pit bull with the Wuxi finger hold“: See yesterday’s Links and Antidote du Jour here. 00470 This entry was posted in Links on June 2, 2017 by Yves Smith. Post navigation ← The “Market Forces” Behind the Obamas’ Record-Setting Book Deal Unsafe at Any Speed Redux: Pinto and Takata Recalls Compared → Subscribe to Post Comments 336 comments MoiAussie June 2, 2017 at 7:12 am Coal Ash Is More Radioactive Than Nuclear Waste (Scientific American) Another completely misleading BS headline from the nuclear apologists. What they actually mean is this: In fact, the fly ash emitted by a power plant—a by-product from burning coal for electricity—carries into the surrounding environment 100 times more radiation than a nuclear power plant producing the same amount of energy. Note that they aren’t comparing anything to “nuclear waste” here. Not to underplay the fact that fly ash contains radioactive elements, here is the key info: McBride and his co-authors estimated that individuals living near coal-fired installations are exposed to a maximum of 1.9 millirems of fly ash radiation yearly. To put these numbers in perspective, the average person encounters 360 millirems of annual “background radiation” from natural and man-made sources, including substances in Earth’s crust, cosmic rays, residue from nuclear tests and smoke detectors. IOW, you get an extra 1/2% radiation dose from the fly ash, which is more than the extra dose what you get from a superbly-run nuclear power plant that emits virtually nothing, or having a bad banana habit. But no mention of all the unintended emissions that do occur, the leaks, the waste itself that hasn’t been dealt with, emissions from uranium mining, fuel rod processing, not to mention the occasional melt down. With nuclear it’s always what happens when things go wrong that you need to worry about. This is propaganda from the nuclear industry, pure and simple. SciAm is beyond a joke. Reply ↓ MoiAussie June 2, 2017 at 7:47 am And, the article is 10 years old. Reply ↓ Roger Smith June 2, 2017 at 7:52 am This headline immediately turned me away, Thank you for the details. Reply ↓ vlade June 2, 2017 at 8:00 am Well, the problem (having lived both near a nuclear reactor and a polluting coal station) is that the coal station pollutes day in, day out, and no-one pays attention. When something like Fukushima/Chernobyl happens, people in the vicinity know they are screwed bad time pretty much immediately. I’m willing to bet that coal and diesel emissions killed, in the same time, much more people than Fukushima/Chernobyl and both atomic bombs combined. IIRC, that (combined nuclear deaths) add up to about 300, call it 400k. The UK estimates that particulate polution (of which diesel is main cultprit, but coal until it was banned for domestic pusposes, and filters forced on commercial ones was too) kills about 28-29k people/year in the UK alone. Reply ↓ Skip Intro June 2, 2017 at 2:23 pm Ok course the nuclear waste from these plants will keep killing for over 100,000 years. Reply ↓ UserFriendly June 3, 2017 at 1:44 am How many have died so far? It’s a bad headline but it’s very true that you are safer living next to a nuclear reactor than a coal plant. Reply ↓ Mac na Michomhairle June 3, 2017 at 8:43 am I don’t know about coal burning plants, but the population in my county living in a rural area near a nuclear plant has remarkably elevated levels of cancers among children and teens. Can it be proved that the cause is the ongoing release over thirty years of radioactivity? Of course not, so we are healthier living next to a nuclear plant than a coal burning plant. Reply ↓ justanotherprogressive June 2, 2017 at 8:28 am +100 Scientific American should be embarrassed! Obviously, sensationalism is more important to them than science these days….. The last disclaimer says it all: “As a general clarification, ounce for ounce, coal ash released from a power plant delivers more radiation than nuclear waste shielded via water or dry cask storage.” Reply ↓ Roger Smith June 2, 2017 at 8:33 am Science has become a brand. No one even expects actual understanding of knowledge anymore. They just snidely retort, “what, you don’t believe in science??” or “It’s science man”. That is right, it is so obvious I should just nod my head in agreement. Reply ↓ Brian June 2, 2017 at 10:26 am It has been advertised as a brand for some time now, and melded with politics to form a stream of misinformation by manipulators. But not to scientists. When you use the scientific method to solve a problem, opinion is not involved after you have selected your experiment. The manipulation happens after you reach a conclusion, which is immediately attacked for its political ramifications. Just think religion and science, flat earth, etc. Science is plagued by non scientists. Reply ↓ Greg Taylor June 2, 2017 at 12:00 pm Selection of metrics and experimental design trade-offs involve subjectivity and opinion. This allows experiments to be manipulated for a variety of purposes before any data is collected. Too often, scientists are intellectually captured by those funding their experiments and design in ways that ensure the results will please their paymasters. Reply ↓ Roger Smith June 2, 2017 at 4:44 pm Great point as well. I do not have a real grasp of research, but in an oligarchical society, it seems that it is large projects with agendas that would get the funding. Reply ↓ Roger Smith June 2, 2017 at 4:42 pm I completely agree, though I would add that it is being plagued by pop culture scientists like Tyson too. (though maybe he is more like Nye than I know, in which case he wouldn’t fit a real definition of scientist at all). Reply ↓ Optimader June 2, 2017 at 10:39 am When iwas a kid this was a go to thing to read . Its been crapified a long time Reply ↓ human June 2, 2017 at 8:46 am Scientific American … another publication past it’s sell-by date. Reply ↓ fritter June 2, 2017 at 8:52 am thank you for pointing this out. the article is simply appalling. I like how in the note they say they compare fly ash with nuclear waste sealed by a barrier or water and say that nuclear is safer. Scientific method fail. One thing they neglected to consider that should be sending off alarm bells is that people can breathe in fly ash. They accounted for exposure to crops around coal plants and the resulting radiation intake from eating those crops, but not a word about radiation in your lungs. Neither method is safe without proper engineering that cuts into profits. Reply ↓ craazyboy June 2, 2017 at 9:42 am Go all the way. “Clean Coal Radioactive!” Flyash recovery feeds plants[factories] that make green wall board! Oopsie. We’re building houses that have sulfur air pollution and radioactive waste? Reply ↓ Optimader June 2, 2017 at 10:25 am Moi Thank you for saving me the time This clickbait shit should never have been linked ChuckL: file in the innumerate fail folder Reply ↓ JoeK June 2, 2017 at 5:21 pm In the weeks after the Fukushima catastrophe I spent all too much time on the web trying to get the best info possible about the situation since I was living in Japan and was directly affected by it. Part of this involved checking a couple of very long and complex conversations (threads) on a forum called physics forum. Primarily from those readings, but also from reading any and all articles online related to Fukushima, I became very aware of how much mis- and disinformation regarding the dangers of radioactivity is being disseminated. The “coal is more radioactive than uranium/plutonium” argument is very common, probably beating out the “bananas are radioactive” one. Both are, as has just been pointed out, specious. The crucial difference between internal and external exposure is consistently ignored or misrepresented. In the forum threads, the engineers and “science guys” for lack of a better term were just as consistent in disregarding both the non-quantifiable and the non-scientists they were usually in disagreement with (except of course the non-scientists with no scientific sense at all, i.e. the “go live in a cave then” types). One (user name “nuceng” so I’m going to assume from this cohort) was continually disparaging other people posting comments, when I pointed this out I was banned permanently. I’d seen enough by that time, concluding that honest debate with the true believers was impossible. The term is apt because the temper as much as the content of the pro/anti nuke debate has revealed to me that nuclear power has a quasi-religious status in many quarters of the science/tech community, no doubt related to the more widespread worship in “developed countries” of the latest shibboleth, Progress With a Capital(ist) P. Nuke power is at the crux of this belief–it’s a quintessentially capitalist enterprise, and it offers the addictive opium of perceived command and control over both hi-tech wizardry and the most dangerous materials on earth. The import of the fact that those materials have been underground for 100s of millions or billions of years (where a greater wisdom seems to believe they should remain) seems to escape their understanding. Reply ↓ davidgmills June 3, 2017 at 1:33 am People are clueless about radioactivity. You included. Truth is we are probably going to need nuclear power at some point. But I don’t bother engaging on political or financial blogs because it is a religion for people who know absolutely nothing about radioactivity. If you think radioactivity is going to kill us all, then don’t ever consider going to the hospital to have an Xray or CT scan, much less radiation treatment. The people I trust on the issues of radioactivity and health? Radiology oncologists. Get the scoop from them. Reply ↓ JoeK June 3, 2017 at 3:07 am @davidgmills I myself generally only “engage” with thoughtful, logically coherent comments in reference to something I’ve posted, but it’s hard not to respond to yours as it’s such a wholesale misrepresentation of my post, complete with straw-man exaggerations and self-contradiction (beginning with your “engaging” despite not bothering to do so). The only possible way you could draw the conclusion I’m “clueless” about radioactivity from my short set of comments is to have misread them completely, or to have made excessive inferences based on your personal prejudices; though I could do so, I’ve no inclination to elaborate beyond pointing at the coal or banana comments as possible sources for this attempt at insight or analysis on your part. The second paragraph: are X-rays harmless after all, I missed the news, and x-ray foot measuring for shoes is about to make a comeback? Seriously, didn’t you read the part in my comment about “go back to your cave” comments? Exactly what you’re doing here, sounding like a no-sense-of-science guy. Last, having dealt with more than one cancer patient getting radiation treatment, I’ve seen “the scoop” up close and personal, thank you very much. An oncologist’s opinion on radiation, aside from being that yes it kills cells, is going to depend much more on his attitudes and beliefs than hard science. I expect that too will confound you. Reply ↓ UserFriendly June 3, 2017 at 1:53 am The import of the fact that those materials have been underground for 100s of millions or billions of years (where a greater wisdom seems to believe they should remain) seems to escape their understanding. Are you willing to stop using all petrochemicals, plastics, and most metals since you are so averse to digging things up? You must have really admired pirate’s as a child or something for burying their treasure down in the deep scary earth with all those things the flying spaghetti monster hide from us stupid humans. And why is it always assumed that there is some huge profiteer behind nuclear. Just ignor the guy from exxon who loves that you are creeped out from the next to no one who dies from nuclear power compared to every other energy source. More people die installing rooftop solar than from nuclear. Reply ↓ JoeK June 3, 2017 at 3:24 am I guess I should have read this before responding to the comment above. Interesting how my comments get twisted into something I didn’t say, and I think it’s quite clear I didn’t. The tuo quoque argument–if you don’t think technology X is benign than go live in a cave–was referred to, but I guess I should have been more explicit. Same re uranium and other radioactive rocks being underground. It’s only one way to look at it, to be sure, one could also say that since we didn’t evolve with built-in lead shields or the equivalent, which we would have had we evolved in the presence of radioactive rocks, and since they are thus extremely hazardous, lethally so, we should–if we are compelled to make use of them, keep ourselves protected from their lethality. Using this stuff to boil water is, even from this more nuke-friendly framing, reckless. Building a nuclear reactor takes huge amounts of capital. Guess how one describes a capital-intensive process. The centralization of power, both literal and figurative, is another important factor. And the close connection to the military’s use of radioactive materials, both for power production and in weapons. Etc, etc, etc. As to the last, how many people X has killed vs. nuclear, this is one I’m well familiar with, and would consider debating, but your example is so ill-considered I fear my responding would eventually lead down a rabbit hole of misrepresentations and sloppy debate. BTDT, don’t any more. Reply ↓ UserFriendly June 3, 2017 at 7:29 am Yes, meltdowns cause lots of excess radiation. So does the sun. So do nuclear bombs. How many nuclear warheads do you think have been detonated? Just between 1945 and 1990 there were over 2000 ‘tests’. Tell me why I should worry about a comparatively miniscule amount of radiation leaking from one poorly built plant when the world was dropping hundreds of bombs each year for decades with no noticeable (unintended) effects. The problem I have with you anti nuclear people is you have no sense of scale. You are on the same level as the GOP who has been whipped into anti islamic stances by the news making everyone think there are terrorists everywhere when you are more likely to slip and die in your bathtub than get killed by a terrorist. A nuclear plant that was designed in the 70’s (so it didn’t have computers to help with the calculations) ran just fine for years until a Tsunami hit it. Some radiation spilt, yes it was unfortunate. How many people died? 0. How many countries are now going to close down nuclear plants in favor of CO2 emitting ones? WAY TOO MANY. You have no sense of scale. We don’t have any wiggle room with CO2. We are on track to turn bangladesh (with 4x the population of California) into Atlantis by the end of the century and that is the best case scenario. We only get one shot at this and you people that jump whenever the news says BOO are killing lots of innocent people. There is litteraly no way to create enough wind and PV in time because they have such a high EROI. There have been lots of improvements in the design of nuclear plants, they have been made fail safe in some tests. The biggest hurdle is the public ignorantly thinking that all nuclear is the same and it is all very likely to explode and kill them with things they can’t see. This planet and the people on it are not worth saving I am so sick of everyones selfishness, arrogance, and ignorance. Reply ↓ MoiAussie June 3, 2017 at 1:41 pm I understand exactly where you are coming from, but you lose any credibility by arguing that Yes, meltdowns cause lots of excess radiation. So does the sun. The radiation from nuclear meltdowns and the radiation from the sun are completely different in energy. Sure, heatstroke can kill, as can skin cancers, but it ain’t radiation poisoning. Sunscreen is cheap. As for Fukushima, the meltdown caused 300,000 people to be forced to evacuate to avoid deaths from radiation. And that evacuation led directly to about 1600 deaths: Fukushima evacuation has killed more than earthquake and tsunami, survey says Thousands died promptly or prematurely as a result of Chernobyl. Just because deaths due to radiation exposure are statistical rather than deterministic doesn’t diminish the danger of nuclear accidents. Even if we were to accept the risks of nuclear accidents and hope for the best, nuclear energy is not cost-competitive. Nuclear works by an accounting trick that pushes massive costs into the distant future. Only by completely ignoring the fantastic costs of cleanups, waste management, and decommissioning does nuclear make economic sense. Few plants have been decommissioned to greenfield status, and even less waste has been dealt with. Current cleanup cost estimate for Fukushima is $190B USD, double what it was 2 years ago, and it will continue to grow. That figure alone is about 6 times what it would cost to build and run a 2GW plant for 40 years. Reply ↓ UserFriendly June 3, 2017 at 4:28 pm Valid point about the evacuation deaths. As far as nuclear waste goes if there wasn’t so much public paranoia, that makes not only the permitting but the fundraising too, next to impossible we would have molten salt reactors that run on nuclear waste, are fail safe, run at atmospheric pressure, and generate electricity for a fraction of the cost. This older article spells out the hurdles rather well. https://www.technologyreview.com/s/512321/safer-nuclear-power-at-half-the-price/ And here is a more recent update. https://www.fastcompany.com/3043099/this-nuclear-reactor-eats-nuclear-waste And no I have no ties to any nuclear companie and their are several other startups with worse publicists working on the same type of reactor. I would love to get rid of every nuclear plant we have up now because they are so horribly inefficient and comparatively unsafe. But trust me, CO2 is a much, much bigger threat to the entire species than a handful of suboptimal nuclear plants even if we had 1 meltdown a year. Reply ↓ MoiAussie June 2, 2017 at 7:27 am Venezuela’s hunger crisis is for real (Washington Post) WaPo gets in a bit of Venezuela kicking. Venezuela needs serious and sustained humanitarian aid to stem the current deaths and prevent an entire generation of children from being stunted. But a government that consistently refuses to acknowledge this reality has stubbornly resisted declaring a humanitarian emergency and accepting the aid much of the world — including the United States — is offering. Funny that. Yemen and observers have been screaming for a bit of humanitarian aid for the famine there, but there’s no sign of the US offering that or WaPo calling for that. It’s more billions for bombs for the saudis instead. And the pretence that US aid to Venezuela would come with no strings attached. Reply ↓ Darn June 2, 2017 at 8:13 am +1 Reply ↓ petrel June 2, 2017 at 10:44 am Wasn’t the last offer of US aid a coup attempt? Reply ↓ Darn June 2, 2017 at 10:57 am +10 Reply ↓ Darn June 2, 2017 at 10:58 am +10. Reply ↓ Julia Versau June 2, 2017 at 12:55 pm +10 Reply ↓ Jonathan Holland Becnel June 2, 2017 at 11:43 pm = 31 👍S Reply ↓ zapster June 2, 2017 at 11:16 pm Wapo prepping us for a push to get more regime-change NGOs into the country, is my guess. Maybe even a “kill ’em so they don’t starve” action even. Reply ↓ witters June 2, 2017 at 7:32 am “Question: In a perfect world, what would you expect the United States to do to improve relations with Russia? Vladimir Putin: There is no such thing as a perfect world, and there is no subjunctive mood in politics.” Maybe we talk to this guy? Reply ↓ JerseyJeffersonian June 2, 2017 at 10:48 am I forwarded the link to that interview to a friend a couple days ago, and made sure to highlight that very sentence. My comments on the interview from that email: “I find it refreshing that the man has the deep history of his nation at his fingertips, and can produce it – in context – in the middle of an interview. And then he comes out with this line when asked to speculate about something that might happen in “a perfect world”. “There is no such thing as a perfect world, and there is no subjunctive mood in politics.” No subjunctive mood in politics… I could just hug him when I think what manner of fools and charlatans are in charge in the West. Those jackasses wouldn’t even know what the subjunctive mood is, let alone be able to properly display their comprehension of it on the fly like this.” So yeah, maybe we should talk to this guy. Reply ↓ aletheia33 June 2, 2017 at 12:29 pm yes, we should, but what are the chances that we can understand him? Reply ↓ Jonathan Holland Becnel June 2, 2017 at 11:45 pm About as likely as Trump knowing what a “Perfect Passive Participle” is! GET SHOOK, GREEK GRAMMAR Reply ↓ MoiAussie June 2, 2017 at 7:38 am And getting precisely zero coverage in the MSM: Macron Leaks could be ‘isolated individual’, France says France has found no evidence that Russia was behind Macron Leaks… Guillaume Poupard, the head of the French cyber security agency, Anssi, told the AP news agency on Thursday (1 June) that the Macron hack resembled the actions of “an isolated individual”. Some security experts blamed it on a hacker group called APT28, which is said by the US to be a front for Russian intelligence. But Poupard said on Thursday: “To say Macron Leaks was APT28, I’m absolutely incapable today of doing that … I have absolutely no element to say whether it’s true or false”. Zero evidence of a “Russian hack”. Obviously not newsworthy. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 12:26 pm Is it true that under the Napoleonic Code, Russia is guilty under proven innocent, especially after what they did to the Grande Armée? Reply ↓ Carolinian June 2, 2017 at 7:46 am Interesting Tesla article. As for “bikers will die,” bikers die quite a lot due to human drivers and the only true solution may be for bicyclists to have their own physically separated pathways. Motorcyclists also suffer from this “visibility problem.” Reply ↓ bronco June 2, 2017 at 7:54 am Would the Teslas be more dangerous to bikers than idiots that use cellphones while driving? device obsessed drivers are to others on the road what asteroids were to the dinosaurs Reply ↓ jefemt June 2, 2017 at 8:46 am Amen, Bronco. If you need to exercise your sphincter, just have a gander at the car next to you: I seldom see a driver with both hands on the wheel and without a device in hand. (Rural and urban western US). If I somehow can catch their eye, I make a hang up hand signal. Some glares, mostly a guilty ‘oops’ look. Remember Crackberry!? Best bet is to stay home, turn off the devices and news, get in the garden, grab a musical instrument, or have a nice chat with a neighbor. (Says he, lurkin’ in comments… ) Reply ↓ aletheia33 June 2, 2017 at 12:28 pm reading books is also nice. and interacting with one’s pets and/or children, if any. also cooking up something. one can also commune with one’s partner, but i know that is stretching it. Reply ↓ Propertius June 2, 2017 at 8:03 pm However, reading books(or newspapers, for that matter) while driving is definitely contraindicated. So is communing with one’s partner, for some values of “communing”. Reply ↓ Charger01 June 2, 2017 at 9:02 am As a rider, I can attest to the pervasiveness of people in cars using phones…..constantly. Surface street (stop n go) are the worst by far, freeway seems to be less of a problem. Reply ↓ murdoch matthew June 2, 2017 at 7:21 pm In the 1970s I commuted 68 miles a day on an Interstate highway to and from my job. I was amazed to see some fellow drivers with newspapers spread across their steering wheels, reading as they drove. Reply ↓ Propertius June 2, 2017 at 8:05 pm I’ve seen this as well (on I-25 in Denver and Colorado Springs). Reply ↓ habenicht June 2, 2017 at 7:22 pm Crash stats published by NHTSA directionally substantiate this. From about 2011 to 2015 there has been a subtle increase in property damage only crashes per mile driven. Injury crashes have been more level during this same period. My assumption is that property damage only crashes are more likely in local or stop and go kinds of driving situations. The injury and fatality crashes are perhaps more representative of higher speed situations (freeways). The other assumption of course is that the increase in property damage only crashes is due to driver error (distraction). Reply ↓ kurtismayfield June 2, 2017 at 8:31 am As an ex-cyclist who rode in an urban environment to work every day for years, I have very little sympathy for the motorcyclists and cyclists who don’t obey the laws. The amount of people who do not treat their cycles as a moving vehicle infuriates me.If you obey the laws yes it is still dangerous, but it is less so than the red light runners and the weavers through traffic. And I was hit twice on a bicycle because of the visibility problem (one not the drivers fault, one yes the driver was a jerk). Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen June 2, 2017 at 8:32 am Maybe it’s a generational “thing,” but when I read the word “biker” I thought motorcycle rider. Bicyclist or cyclist means bicycle rider to me. I found the rest of the article a similarly confusing word salad, maybe also a generational “thing.” So, I checked the comments to see if my generational bias was preventing my comprehension of this piece. Apparently at least a few other readers felt the same. Hoisted from article comments: “Robotics PhD from Stanford and you write this? It is positively sophomoric. I know high school kids who have more insight and understanding of the subject. My advice: learn a little about something before you broadcast your ignorance about it. The least you could have done is read over the owners handbook about the car and its features, then you could have learn ed a little vocabulary…..” —- “Here is a prime example when you try to get millennials to do a report on something they know absolutely Zero on.. I.e.Control system technology… User programmed, and system learning. The car has a computer. Requires programming.. It is not an intuitive device such as a human. Examples of these individuals ignorance is riddled throughout this article. Do me a favor and keep doing what your best at. and that is taking selfies, wearing yoga pants and believing your knowledge of essential oils will make you a millionaire… F@#K\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\!!! Pretty much what I was thinking. And what in the world is this obsession with locking and unlocking things using “apps?” What’s so scary about a key? It strikes me as the ultimate solution in search of a problem. Now get off my lawn! Reply ↓ Charger01 June 2, 2017 at 9:05 am My mind also equates “biker” with “motorcycle”, and I’m under 35. Reply ↓ Carolinian June 2, 2017 at 9:27 am In our Jetsons future it would be easy enough for city cyclists to carry some sort of transponder that would warn motorists of their presence or even prevent self drive cars from hitting them. So I agree with the person you quote. Articles about technology are too often written by people with insufficient understanding of the topic. Reply ↓ MRLost June 2, 2017 at 10:17 am Isn’t there an ap for that? I mean, your bleeping fone is broadcasting all the time so why doesn’t the Tesla just tune in on all those fones and recognize them as humans and to be avoided? Too simple, I guess. Reply ↓ reslez June 2, 2017 at 4:42 pm Huh? I’m a software engineer and didn’t think the suggestions were out of line. The fact that a computer is involved means you do need to pay close attention to implementing good usability and intuitive controls. This is even more important when you’re dealing with a mass consumer product that consists of a ton+ of plastic, aluminium and steel traveling at 60 MPH. And who wants a car that’s supposedly so smart but still dumb enough to let you lock your keys inside? My 10 year old Prius is smarter than that, and I don’t have to go through 5 menu levels to turn off the engine…. Reply ↓ Propertius June 2, 2017 at 8:10 pm Why doesn’t the app use Bluetooth to unlock the car in the absence of a cell signal? Reply ↓ roadrider June 2, 2017 at 9:00 am the only true solution may be for bicyclists to have their own physically separated pathways. Serious road cyclist here: Physically separated pathways might be a solution in crowded urban/suburban areas but even there I doubt that enough of them could be built to “solve” the problem. In less crowded areas – forget it, They won’t be built at all. In my experience, most localities that commit to providing better bicycling infrastructure roll out a couple of miles of protected pathways that are isolated and unconnected leaving cyclists to figure out how to navigate through the unprotected areas. Yes, human drivers kill and injure many cyclists but I’m 100% sure that they can recognize a hell of a lot more than 1% of them. Color me unimpressed with the “self-driving” car bezzle that is just another misguided tech/utopian fantasy. If you want to understand why just watch the Air Disaster series on the Smithsonian Channel and see how many accidents are caused by pilots misunderstanding/misusing the autopilot systems or being unable to manually fly the plane when the autopilot system quits or malfunctions (Air France 447 is a great example). This kind of problem is going to be much worse with the average human automobile operator in the far more crowded, less controlled and obstacle filled road environment. Reply ↓ Carolinian June 2, 2017 at 11:58 am Copenhagen has an entire network of bicycle only roads. With enough commitment that could be done here although flat as a pancake Denmark is a lot more bicycle friendly than many US cities. And there were far more air crashes in the pre automation era. Much of that was due to pilot error. These days if pilots don’t know how to use the equipment that too is pilot error. And while there have been examples of badly designed automation in Airbus planes that too is-guess what–human error. Computers were added to airliners for a reason–not as some sort of marketing gimmick. Reply ↓ roadrider June 2, 2017 at 2:33 pm With enough commitment And therein lies the problem – this isn’t Denmark and its unlikely that we’ll get that kind of commitment to bicycling infrastructure. Perhaps we would if everyone were not so hell bent on genuflecting before tech giants and their self-serving boondoggles like self-driving cars. Yes, there were more air crashes in the pre-automation era and would still be if there were no autopilots. That’s not the point. The point is that even highly skilled and trained professionals who go through a much more rigorous selection (and re-certification) process than will ever be the case for automobile drivers can still screw up when complex automated systems are involved, especially when the automated system throws up its hands and says “You take it!” because they’re so unused to the manual procedure any more. And, yes, the badly designed autopilot systems are a result of human imperfection but what are you suggesting – that the self-driving car guys are perfect and will never make mistakes or put out shoddy products or updates that bork the system? That never happens with computer hardware or software, – right? And even if experts at places like Google can get it mostly right (doubtful in any reasonable time frame) what’s going to happen when the inevitable less talented competitors enter the marketplace. I’m all for automated safety systems that override potentially bad actions by drivers but the complete self-driving car is something that I don’t think is either feasible or desirable. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 3:34 pm William Holden in a scene in the film, The Counterfeit Traitor, was rescued by a huge group of bicyclists in Copenhagen. Reply ↓ Dead Dog June 2, 2017 at 2:37 pm Australian cities have designated lanes on the left shoulder of the road for cycles and underpowered (50cc or electric) bikes. They are painted green near intersections and the law states, for car drivers, 1m separation when passing at 60kmh or less and 1.5m separation in zones where the speed is equal or above 80kmh. I can’t point to studies in their effectiveness, but it does help in awareness Reply ↓ Tertium Squid June 2, 2017 at 10:07 am Limping along in Bay Area’s dreadful traffic, I’ve often been startled by motorbikes zipping past between lanes. I expect the butcher’s bill is already considerable, robot cars or no. Reply ↓ MRLost June 2, 2017 at 10:27 am Lane splitting is legal in California. http://lanesplittingislegal.com/where-else-is-lane-splitting-legal Get used to it. Reply ↓ EricT June 2, 2017 at 1:09 pm There is a difference between lane splitting and zipping between cars during a traffic jam. Lane splitting is when multiple riders share a lane, like on a highway, zipping between cars in a traffic jam is creating lanes and not lane splitting. It is also highly dangerous, because you never know if someone is going to open a door to take a look at the traffic ahead. Please research what is being said before you go out and put your foot into your mouth. Reply ↓ stand June 2, 2017 at 1:29 pm Here’s quote from one of the research papers on that site: “Lane splitting is the practice of passing slower moving traffic by riding a motorcycle in the gap between two parallel lanes of traffic heading in the same direction.” So, perhaps, you should take some of your own advice. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 2:40 pm To be frank, I was confused too. I think we could use another word for that. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 2:39 pm I thought lane splitting was for one car to occupy two lanes…split between those 2 lanes, until I looked it up. It’s natural to be confused over its meaning. Reply ↓ Dead Dog June 2, 2017 at 2:43 pm I ride a motorbike. We have all seen us ride up the side or between cars to get to the front of the lights (while the cars all patiently queu). It is now legal in Australia and reflects that bikes can accelerate much faster than most cars and enables them to get a buffer between them and the traffic. Still upsets a few car drivers though. Reply ↓ reslez June 2, 2017 at 4:48 pm I read somewhere that part of the reason it’s permitted in California is because of the insane summer heat. If you forced the motorcycles to sit in traffic for hours the engines would overheat. (Along with the riders, I presume.) Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 5:52 pm Now that I know the reason behind it, I feel sorry to have yelled at them as often as I did. But when it’s cold, it should be illegal. Reply ↓ allan June 2, 2017 at 7:55 am AP: By backing off the U.S. commitment to address climate change, President Donald Trump leaves an opening for a chief economic rival, China, to expand its increasing dominance in the renewable energy industry. … China already accounts for more than one-third of global wind energy capacity. It recently surpassed Germany to become number one in solar capacity. Renewables employ more than 3.6 million people in China — more than a third of the industry’s global total. It plans to add another 13 million jobs in the sector by 2020 with investments of $144 billion in new solar projects, $100 billion in wind and $70 billion in hydropower. That also should help China to reach its commitment under the Paris accord to cap greenhouse gas emissions by 2030. … Another solid for American manufacturing. Reply ↓ sleepy June 2, 2017 at 8:47 am How does withdrawal from the Paris Accord negatively affect US companies’ ability to engage in renewable energy manufacturing? I’m ignorant of most details of the agreement, but I am guessing that there were government subsidies involved that now will disappear, correct? I am also speculating that is the reason that Exxon-Mobil and Conoco-Philips opposed the withdrawal. Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen June 2, 2017 at 9:36 am How does withdrawal from the Paris Accord negatively affect US companies’ ability to engage in renewable energy manufacturing? Good question. It seems to me that a fair amount of the criticism is not coming from genuine concern about the climate, but from captains of industry who fear losing control of the “investment” opportunities and profits the “war on climate change” will generate. blankfein’s first evah tweet can hardly be interpreted as a deep and abiding commitment to the health of polar bears. Reply ↓ craazyboy June 2, 2017 at 10:22 am Answer – because neo_climate_change_market! US corps need to put factory in Asia somewhere….I’d go with Bangladesh at this point and beat the Christmas rush. Reply ↓ MoiAussie June 2, 2017 at 10:49 am Great Idea – Invest in Bangladesh! Bangladesh struggles to turn the tide on climate change as sea levels rise Warming Climate to Hit Bangladesh Hard with Sea Level Rise, More Floods and Cyclones, World Bank Report Says Reply ↓ Optimader June 2, 2017 at 10:45 am Business wants clear and stable (not saying sensible) policy codification to justify long term investment Reply ↓ reslez June 2, 2017 at 4:51 pm The idea is that the US will pour more money into fracking and other legacy fuel technologies rather than green tech, since we’re not trying as hard to reduce emissions. Reply ↓ craazyboy June 2, 2017 at 9:47 am Well, under brown Bush and Obama, too, fighting climate change was supposed to be unfriendly to US GDP. Now they reverse? Progress. Reply ↓ Darn June 2, 2017 at 10:56 am They had to put opposition to fracking in the party platform last year otherwise thousands of fracktivists would have shown up at the last minute making for embarrassing TV footage. Reply ↓ reslez June 2, 2017 at 4:58 pm Uh, which party are you talking about? On an episode of Aggressive Progressives a couple weeks ago, Nomiki Konst, who served on the committee, said the Democratic Party’s platform position on fracking was literally written by a fracking lobbyist. And they wonder why they lost: During a 9-hour meeting in St. Louis, Missouri on Friday, members of the DNC’s platform drafting committee voted down a number of measures proposed by Bernie Sanders surrogates that would have come out against the contentious Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), fracking, and the Israeli occupation of Palestine. At the same time, proposals to support a carbon tax, Single Payer healthcare, and a $15 minimum wage tied to inflation were also disregarded…. The panel also rejected amendments suggested by 350.org co-founder Bill McKibben, another Sanders pick, that would have imposed a carbon tax, declared a national moratorium on fracking as well as new fossil fuel drilling leases on federal lands and waters. (source) Reply ↓ Darn June 2, 2017 at 8:07 am On Lib Dems being “smart”: entered coalition with the Tories without agreement on electoral reform, just to hold a referendum on it; signed up to the Fixed Term Parliaments Act which made it harder for them to get out of it because elections couldn’t happen for a full five years; dropped an important promise from the campaign not to raise university tuition; and despite plummeting in the polls, never even discussed leaving the coalition. If they had done that they could have had the Tories by the balls, with a veto over everything. Reply ↓ Pavel June 2, 2017 at 8:11 am I wish some of the liberals expressing OUTRAGE! over Trump’s decision to exit the Paris accord had been as vocal during Obama’s years of expanding mideast wars. The US military is by far the biggest polluter on the planet, and the US spends $700 billion on armaments. Imagine the environmental impact of: * manufacturing battleships, tanks, F35s, tomahawk missiles, etc * all the fuel used by the military, especially the air force and navy * the Agent Orange, napalm, cluster bombs, depleted uranium — not exactly great for the environment * nuclear weapons use and testing and waste. NB Obama approved a new generation of nukes! * the environmental damage from US missiles cf Syria, Libya, Yemen etc * all the US military bases around the world …etc… Evil mastermind election-hacker Putin’s country spends one-tenth of the US on its military (and still apparently manages to control the world!) Hillary voted for the Iraq war and essentially started (along with Cameron & Sarko) the Libya fiasco, with all the resulting environmental damage. For her to criticise anyone re the environment is the height of hypocrisy. Reply ↓ nippersmom June 2, 2017 at 9:25 am +100 Hypocrisy strikes me as being HRC’s one real talent. She has developed it to an art form. Reply ↓ Optimader June 2, 2017 at 10:47 am Thanks for posting this also. The US military remains the single largest hydrocarbon consumer. Solve that first Reply ↓ RUKidding June 2, 2017 at 11:53 am Yeah but try talking to any firmly committed D voter, and they put their hands over their ears and go: La La La La La…. can’t hear you! Obama is my savior. Anything bad is all and solely the fault of the Republicans who are root of all evil. It’s too bad because I’ve attempted to have these conversations for years, and all I get are outright denials, insane “justifications” for Obama’s decisions, and so forth. Unless or until US citizens can get over their tribal identities, it’s next to impossible to have anything approaching a real discussion about these issues. Reply ↓ Bugs Bunny June 2, 2017 at 8:16 am On the Monte Carlo receipt – guillotine worthiness increased exponentially by the fact that it was either discarded or absent mindedly lost while in a fog of champagne buzz and pineapple hookah smoke. Reply ↓ David June 2, 2017 at 8:59 am Yes, although it was a 30 Litre bottle, equivalent to about 40 normal bottles. Still obscenely expensive, but it makes you wonder how many were there were, and what state they were in afterwards. Odd that nothing seems to have been eaten except a few fish and chip dishes for a couple of hundred Euros. Out of curiosity I looked up the menu (http://www.nikkibeach.com/destinations/beach-clubs/monaco/cuisine/#tab-id-1) which is expensive but no worse than many up-market restaurants. I wonder what was going on …. Reply ↓ Charger01 June 2, 2017 at 9:07 am 12 bucks (Euros?) for a coke grabbed my attention. Reply ↓ Bugs Bunny June 2, 2017 at 9:15 am It was during the Monte Carlo Gran Prix. 12 euros for a Coke is pretty typical in a nightclub in France, unfortunately. Rumor on a few French sites is that it was Russians but that could just be the stereotype talking. Reply ↓ David June 2, 2017 at 9:44 am It would have been on the Friday afternoon before the race then. I wonder what happened later in the weekend …. Reply ↓ a different chris June 2, 2017 at 9:34 am haha I have of course no sympathy for the rich, but given that alcohol bill I would think they would have the decency to throw in the rest of the stuff for free. I mean when you have a 130K item itemized next to a 20 euro plate…. Reply ↓ craazyboy June 2, 2017 at 9:49 am I don’t care what anybody says – I’ve been tracking pineapple prices at $1.98. Just saw a coupon for $1.46. Getting ready to pull the trigger. Reply ↓ Optimader June 2, 2017 at 10:50 am I buy 52 a year at costco. I am amazed they are so cheap Reply ↓ HBE June 2, 2017 at 8:19 am Full Noonan article off WSJ. http://investordiscussionboard.com/boards/jstone/no-apparent-remorse-concscience And wow as someone mentioned she (Hillary) is turning into the delusional, angry relative no one wants to invite to thanksgiving. Reply ↓ Pat June 2, 2017 at 8:27 am Thank you. Lord that is devastating. And will be immediately rejected by a whole lot of people who should hear it because it is “Nooners”. Reply ↓ ChiGal in Carolina June 2, 2017 at 9:03 am Agree fully. Just one thing: Noting GB and Germany (a more salient example for her purposes might be India back in the day) have female heads of state, Noonan asks, “Is America really more backward, narrow and hate-filled toward women than those countries?” Dunno, maybe. Reply ↓ Pat June 2, 2017 at 10:43 am Hey, I can’t say that we aren’t behind Germany, Great Britain and a goodly number of other countries in this. Nor can any thinking aware egalitarian American deny that we are still battling not just racism but sexism in large areas of our lives. But Clinton playing victim to misogyny is insulting and misleading in a similar way to the attempt to shame Sanders supporters with the “there is a special place in hell for women who don’t support women candidates’ hypocrisy. I hate to say it but people who ignored disagreement with her policies, chose not to examine her ethics failures and in some cases her history of destructive incompetence in order to vote for the candidate with a vagina are also sexist. Then there is the fact that many of those supposedly misogynist Americans who failed to anoint her have female representation locally, at the state level and sometimes even at the federal level, Can it be misogyny if you are willing to be governed or represented by (shudder) a Mia Love or a Nikki Haley and reject Hillary Clinton? Clinton was not the canary in the coal mine for this, and her playing victim doesn’t make it true. Reply ↓ Darn June 2, 2017 at 10:49 am Trump won a majority of white women and a large majority of women w/o college degrees. “Internalised misogyny!” Reply ↓ funemployed June 2, 2017 at 11:02 am Well, we’re certainly not more sexist than pakistan, and bhutto became PM 25 years ago. Reply ↓ TK421 June 2, 2017 at 11:40 am 53% of people who cast a vote in the last presidential election were women. So no, our country doesn’t hate women or want to keep them powerless. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles June 2, 2017 at 11:14 pm You mean Trump is their fault? Talk about misogyny! Reply ↓ jrs June 2, 2017 at 12:41 pm yes the U.S. hates women, you can’t conclude that from Hillary losing, but you can conclude it from U.S. policies. It doesn’t want women to choose to prevent pregnancy. What other country is so obsessed that women might be getting free birth control? Certainly not many 1st world countries. At the same time it doesn’t like it when nature takes it’s course and women actually get pregnant. What other country has zero paid maternity leave? Reply ↓ MoiAussie June 2, 2017 at 12:53 pm What other country has zero paid maternity leave? Countries without paid maternity leave: Swaziland, Lesotho, Papua New Guinea and the United States of America Reply ↓ Massinissa June 2, 2017 at 5:55 pm Oh my gosh. Even Saudi Arabia has employer liability. I have no words. By the way you forgot a country. According to that map, Australia doesn’t have anything either, apparently. Reply ↓ MoiAussie June 2, 2017 at 11:37 pm I forgot nothing, just quoted the headline. And from the article: (Note that Australia is pink because the Aussies added paid parental leave in 2011; the data are from 2009.) Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner June 2, 2017 at 10:27 am Hillary does portray herself as a victim and in many ways she is, but part of me thinks she is attached to the circle of Clintonistas who have demonstrated loyalty, the used the Clintons like parasites use hosts. Given the acrimony over the state of the Democratic Party, I suspect there are Clinton “loyalists” who are begging Hillary to come out and save them from those mean Bernie Bros. I know she likes the spotlight, but I feel she is being used to gin up support for otherwise unemployable people. Take Robbie Mook. He blew a billion dollars on the last election. Reply ↓ Darn June 2, 2017 at 10:51 am You bet. But being more liberal than Clinton leaves them exposed as an isolated individual to the anger of big biz and the rich. The Clinton machine’s been I operation for decades so they cling to her apron strings. And now they would have a credibility problem if they tried to save their careers by becoming Sandernistas. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner June 2, 2017 at 11:25 am The values of a Clintonista aren’t as relevant as they are attached to a power couple who came to power 25 years ago and faced a strong challenge from a 73 year old Senator from a small out of the way state with no media presence (take that Brattleboro Reformer!) where the paper of record is the Boston Globe. If you weren’t old enough to vote for Bill in 1996, you didn’t vote for Hillary in the primary in 2016. If you were 17 and under last year during the primaries, you weren’t voting for a candidate of 25 years ago. Given the divisive nature of the primaries, all these people who threw their lot in with Clinton Inc separated themselves from the future for immediate rewards of the certainty Hillary would be President. Now they live in a world where the great liberal paper of record hired a bunch of climate change denialists and NBCNews is giving Megan Kelly a major platform to make sure black children understand Santa Claus is white. I see “OMG Russia” as the Clintonistas trying to hold on and deflect blame for their own failures because they don’t have good options as they have lost credibility. Reply ↓ Darn June 2, 2017 at 4:09 pm Well, zOMG Russia!! is partly cos they wanna suck up to powerful neocons in the foreign policy establishment cos they think they wield enough power to crown Clinton or another centrist President in 2020, with the help of fired-up patriotic voters. Because they were already using “Russian hacking” and a demented Syrian-no-fly-zone policy to try and get into power in 2016. It’s not just a post-election excuse for defeat. Dumb to use it again when it failed in November, but the alternative is to move left and take on those interests instead, and they’re too scared. And it’s been in the nature of the Clintons just to brazen things out. Reply ↓ Pat June 2, 2017 at 11:00 am Parasite/host or symbiotic relationship? How many hosts invite their parasites to make a home? They aren’t feeding off the host supplying nothing, this is mutual support. The Clintons worked hard to create this twisted political world. But I am sure you are right there are sure to be a whole lot of people telling her ‘America needs her.’ And they are stuck with HER. She was supposed to acquire her desire and consolidate their power. Now they are scrambling. They spent years clearing the runways for her, and now that she has failed to lift off there is really no one in the wings. Oops. Meanwhile Clinton is entitled and arrogant and that Presidency is still HERS. Symbiotic. Malignant for everyone outside the circle but symbiotic for those in it. Reply ↓ sid_finster June 2, 2017 at 11:07 am How is HRC in any way a victim? Reply ↓ TK421 June 2, 2017 at 11:42 am She’s a victim of herself. She would have won in 2008 had she not voted for the invasion of Iraq. Of course, she is far from the only victim of that decision. Reply ↓ reslez June 2, 2017 at 5:09 pm I’d also argue that Kerry would probably have won in 2004 if not for his Iraq vote. (And possibly Ohio.) Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner June 2, 2017 at 1:14 pm She’s the most prominent cuckold in the world. This has been bound to have had an affect on her and who she trusts. Given some of the leeches around her, Hillary has been used as a money spigot by people who produce less than stellar results. Reply ↓ Darn June 2, 2017 at 4:12 pm This is a point not often made. But yeah I expect Mook, Brock etc just wanna get paid. Reply ↓ Craig H. June 2, 2017 at 2:55 pm At least she didn’t say it was Pepe, 4chan, and black magic! :) Reply ↓ DJG June 2, 2017 at 9:19 am Thanks. Neither Bill nor Hillary takes much time for reflection. They have been too busy wrecking the Democratic Party. And the Bush family isn’t known for meditation. And then there is Obama, who has made seeming reflection into an art form. And then you have the distillation of these tendencies in Trump. But as Noonan points out, a grown-up should expect the pricks of conscience, if the person has a conscience. Noonan’s good classical education pays off: The agenbite of inwit. The last sentence of the Wikipedia entry sheds intriguing light and shadow: “In the 20th century, the work gained some recognition when its title was adopted by James Joyce, who used it numerous times in his novel Ulysses as a trope for self-conscience, especially in referencing Hamlet and Walt Whitman. In Joyce’s spelling, agenbite of inwit, the title has gained a limited foothold in the English language.” Reply ↓ TK421 June 2, 2017 at 11:37 am Thanks! You are a scholar and a gentleman. Reply ↓ Rage on June 2, 2017 at 1:43 pm After being fired, some bounce right back and look for a new job, some go through depression, some anxiety and some rage for years. Reply ↓ reslez June 2, 2017 at 5:27 pm The catalogue of excuses HRC recited in that interview was astounding. To me it came across as total shark-jumpery. Imagine if they’d asked how the campaign had gone wrong and she’d acted like, you know, an adult, and cracked a self-deprecating joke about Wisconsin. Instead we get self-serving denial and elaborate conspiracy theories like some sort of mental paranoia. Thank God that lady’s fingers are nowhere near the nuclear launch codes. Can she please just take her millions and go away? It seems like all Hillary knows how to do is punch down. Complaining about her data analyst staff. Whining about Trump’s fake Twitter followers when she had more fake ones than he did throughout the campaign, when she literally spent millions bankrolling a sock puppet operation — which is still ongoing, now rebranded as Share Blue. Seeing her repeatedly call WikiLeaks “Russian”, saying there’s “no difference”, this from the woman who reportedly asked why we couldn’t just “drone” Assange. Stomach-turning evil lunacy. To me it looks like she’s very closely involved in pumping the anti-Trump campaign. She recites the cant too well to not be dictating the talking points. If someone subpoena’d her cell phone they’d probably find a mountain of evidence. Meanwhile the corporate media regard themselves as her protectors and attack dogs, as they did throughout the campaign. Reply ↓ jan June 2, 2017 at 8:23 am Naomi Kleint and the Paris accord: The fact that the agreement only commits governments to keeping warming below an increase of 2 degrees, rather than a much safer firm target of 1.5 degrees, was lobbied for and won by the United States. The fact that the agreement left it to individual nations to determine how much they were willing to do to reach that temperature target, allowing them to come to Paris with commitments that collectively put us on a disastrous course towards more than 3 degrees of warming, was lobbied for and won by the United States. The fact that the agreement treats even these inadequate commitments as non-binding, which means governments apparently do not have anything to fear if they ignore their commitments, is something else that was lobbied for and won by the United States. The fact that the agreement specifically prohibits poor countries from seeking damages for the costs of climate disasters was lobbied for and won by the United States. The fact that it is an “agreement” or an “accord” and not a treaty — the very thing that makes it possible for Trump to stage his action-movie slow-mo walk away, world in flames behind him — was lobbied for and won by the United States. Reply ↓ ChiGal in Carolina June 2, 2017 at 8:49 am So can damages be sought against the US if it’s no longer a party to the Accord? Reply ↓ jrs June 2, 2017 at 10:19 am I tend to think the rest of the world should boycott the U.S., or goods made here etc.. We are South Africa. Although I’m not so sure that makes sense for an American as there is some benefit in buying local. We could just boycott our large corporations I guess. Reply ↓ RabidGandhi June 2, 2017 at 12:50 pm What do y’all even make for me to boycott? I already don’t buy MOABs and teargas cannisters. Reply ↓ MoiAussie June 2, 2017 at 12:59 pm I wish my country would boycott US media, especially Hollywood and TV shows. The local media just uncritically regurgitate the blob line-of-the-day (mostly murdoch). The TV shows are endless, mindless, pointless, and worthless. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles June 2, 2017 at 11:23 pm Off-season fruit? I’m buying Argentine and Chilean pears right now – reluctantly, given the fossil fuel involved, but occasionally. It’s a good example of taking advantage of the geography. Reply ↓ reslez June 2, 2017 at 5:34 pm A boycott might not turn out very well considering the size of the US trade deficit. The indebted US consumer is a massive job creator, of jobs overseas that is. But Wal-Mart would go bankrupt which is a plus. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner June 2, 2017 at 10:22 am Not tolerating the movement of U.S. military operations through local air space would be a good option and would be good for the environment. Reply ↓ Eustache de Saint Pierre June 2, 2017 at 8:59 am jan – Thank you for that summation – it really is handy to have Trump as the blame it all on big bad wolf. Reply ↓ DJG June 2, 2017 at 9:30 am Link to the article that jan is citing: https://theintercept.com/2017/06/01/will-trumps-slow-mo-walkaway-world-in-flames-behind-him-finally-provoke-consequences-for-planetary-arson/ Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen June 2, 2017 at 10:16 am obama signed the Paris Accord / Agreement on Earth Day, April 22, 2016. He did not have senate support to ratify it as a binding treaty, so he chose to make it an “executive agreement” with his administration, with full knowledge that it was valid only for the remaining nine months of his final term. The President’s counterparties in Paris realized that he lacked the support to bind the country. In fact, they watered down the wording of the Agreement to facilitate the Administration’s argument that it does not require ratification. For example, they changed the word “shall” to “should” in many places, and they avoided calling it a “treaty.” The negotiators had a choice between a treaty that might bind the United States and nine-month promise from an outgoing president. They chose the promise from an outgoing president. Any claims that the next administration or the country is “going back on its word” will be disingenuous. Only the Obama administration gave its word, and the other parties in Paris helped design the agreement to make that result possible. http://thehill.com/blogs/congress-blog/energy-environment/276668-president-obamas-signing-of-the-paris-agreement-is Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 5:58 pm D’accord, on the nine-month promise-accord. Reply ↓ mpalomar June 2, 2017 at 10:38 am Also from the article. When aggressively lobbying to weaken the Paris accord, U.S. negotiators usually argued that anything stronger would be blocked by the Republican-controlled House and Senate. And that was probably true… But weak is not the same as useless. The power of the Paris Agreement was always in what social movements resolved to do with it…even without legal enforcement behind it, has been a potent tool in the hands of movements against new oil pipelines, fracking fields, and coal mines… Reply ↓ RenoDino June 2, 2017 at 8:24 am THE best part about about HRC’s reaction to her defeat is the news that she thinks she’s the President in waiting, attends daily briefings and keeps a staff at the ready in case she’s called on to serve. Unpacking this explains everything you need to know about her failure to come to terms with her defeat. In other words, “What Defeat, I Won.” It’s simply a matter of correcting the record. I would like to know if her staff must address her as “Madam President” or if they have given her the nuclear codes to her dummy “football” or if she calls retired generals to discuss military strategy. Of course, her reaction is easy to explain. Her supporters and the MSM have also failed to accept the results. She is their leader and she is faithfully executing her role as their Commander and Chief in absentia. Trump is the imposter. His eviction will come any day. The Revolution will be Glorious. Reply ↓ TK421 June 2, 2017 at 11:49 am Some of her supporters truly believe (they’ve told me so) that if President Trump is convicted of conspiring with Russia then the election will be overturned and Hillary installed. Reply ↓ Pat June 2, 2017 at 2:19 pm I’d be really curious what legal mechanism they believe exists which would do this. Reply ↓ yan June 2, 2017 at 3:06 pm This reminds me of the french movie Marguerite. Where the protagonist -a wealthy older female married to a nobleman- thinks she is a soprano and stages soirees in her house and collects opera parafernalia. Her butler enables the illusion and a group of artists prod her on for the laughs. In reality she can´t sing for her life. Reply ↓ RenoDino June 2, 2017 at 5:57 pm The American version of Marguerite: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TMUJpec6Bdc Could there be a more perfect representation of HRC than Norma “I’m big, it’s the pictures that got small” Desmond? Reply ↓ zapster June 3, 2017 at 12:43 am What really puzzles me is that if she was so determined to win, why did she not support the recount? With her backing, it might have been done properly and she very likely did win. It’s almost like neither she or Trump wanted to know what was going on with the elections. Reply ↓ ChiGal in Carolina June 2, 2017 at 8:42 am Midas Armand de Brignac brut @130,000 a bottle – golden showers part of the night’s entertainment? Reply ↓ charles leseau June 2, 2017 at 9:17 am My mother died last year and left my brother and me her house plus her 401K, life insurance policy, and IRA, which we split evenly. I’m looking to buy a house this year with my half of her liquid assets, and my intention is to buy it outright so I have no debt/mortgage. While half her IRA was rolled into a beneficiary IRA for me and I’ll have that to help with my eventual retirement, the amount I have to spend without dipping into it is going to be $40,000 less than that stupid bottle of wine. Her entire life savings and saleable assets, and she was as frugal and hard working as they come. This world we live in is certainly strange. ———————- I always think of Roald Dahl’s great short story, The Butler, when I see people buying wines like these. In that story, a nouveau riche couple tries to develop a taste for top end wines and meals to accompany their newfound millions and lavish lifestyle. They hire a butler and a French chef, then hold dinner parties with wildly expensive clarets of the very finest vintage. The husband develops a concordant ostentatious manner of waxing rhapsodic about the pricey wines they serve as if he’s an expert and as if the wines are the ultimate nectar from heaven. At the end of the story the butler ends up handing in his resignation and informs the man that he has been substituting the cheapest Spanish reds the whole time and drinking the top stuff with the chef! Reply ↓ a different chris June 2, 2017 at 9:45 am Evidence is growing that the butler and chef also may not have been drinking anything better. Reply ↓ charles leseau June 2, 2017 at 12:46 pm The operative word there being “may.” I believe the point of the story is that they were serving up something that was demonstrably inferior to the couple, but then one would have to question whether there is any cheap Spanish red that could be called bad, or even worse than the most lauded of French wines in the most lauded years. Evidence about taste is in any case always going to lead to that dreaded word “subjective.” Certainly, one could compile enough people who think McDonalds is superior or equal to whatever the chef in the story (or any chef) could cook up too. And I’ve seen enough people in Guardian comments section arguing vehemently that Kanye West is a musical genius. Whether this puts him on the level of a Beethoven, Chopin, or Ellington? I know what I think of that, but no, I’m not going to argue about it no matter how much someone tries to spur me into it. To argue that all cheap Spanish reds are the equal to a top Bordeaux of one of the supposedly great years is thus fine, I guess. Anyone can argue anything along those lines with food or drink. Certainly, ever since the “Judgment of Paris” back in the 1970s people have been looking to knock French wine down a peg or 20. In any case, both the story and the idea that people have for centuries not been able to distinguish value or superiority in wine until apparently now does bring the purchase of a $140,000 bottle into question. Reply ↓ aletheia33 June 2, 2017 at 5:56 pm two possibilities money laundering tax writeoff Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 6:02 pm “A typo lead to a revolution.” That’s what someone like Terry Gilliam could use to make a movie sequel: Brazil II. Reply ↓ OpenThePodBayDoorsHAL June 2, 2017 at 6:28 pm Possibility #3: there’s so much money printing the stuff’s become worthless Reply ↓ David Carl Grimes June 2, 2017 at 9:31 am Reminds me very much of this atm receipt found in the Hamptons showing a balance of a $100m. http://nypost.com/2011/06/30/atm-receipt-showing-astounding-100m-balance-left-at-hamptons-bank/ Reply ↓ cyclist June 2, 2017 at 3:56 pm From my research at wine-searcher.com the restaurant price is only about 2.6 times retail. That is less of a markup than one sees in many NYC restaurants! Reply ↓ Optimader June 2, 2017 at 5:42 pm A serious depreciation curve through the GI tract curve Reply ↓ justanotherprogressive June 2, 2017 at 9:02 am Yikes! Walmart isn’t satisfied just using the employee? Now they want to use their employee’s cars too? Next thing you know, they’ll be wanting employees to use their houses to warehouse Walmart goods…… One thing is for sure – Walmart never does anything to benefit their employees – so I wonder how much this will again be subsidized by taxpayers….. Reply ↓ David Carl Grimes June 2, 2017 at 9:48 am I’m sure some of these Walmart employees already live in a car. Reply ↓ craazyboy June 2, 2017 at 1:43 pm I think they lease those Wallie World Scooters at the store to make the jaunt to and fro the workplace. Reply ↓ Ivy June 2, 2017 at 10:19 am Will that cut into the time needed by Walmart employees on their second jobs as Uber or Lyft drivers? Maybe Walmart can work out some arrangement with all those Chinese factories to have the offshore folks deliver finished goods to the ships on their way home, too. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 12:10 pm “It’s not just a job. It’s an excellent adventure in serfdom.” Reply ↓ cnchal June 2, 2017 at 5:08 pm Walmart workers taking their oil dripping beaters with dirty windows looking for addresses will no doubt lead to road mayhem, from kids getting run over to crunched fenders. It’s a sign of management desperation. Wally makes money and churns a lot of product and Amazon churns a lot of product but makes no money. Wally sees Amazon stawk bid to infinity and just can’t take it anymore, hence idiotic schemes. Whoever thought that up should be fired. Reply ↓ reslez June 2, 2017 at 5:42 pm The fundamental problem is that Wal-Mart doesn’t pay its employees enough to afford a car. The money for the car, its upkeep and gasoline have to come from somewhere else. So this is yet more subsidy-snatching in disguise. Reply ↓ wilroncanada June 2, 2017 at 6:37 pm Re jup: using the employee! Walmart closing time Manager: we’d like you to deliver this couch on your way home. Staff: but I take the bus. Manager: that’s OK, it’s a sectional. Walmart closing time Manager: we’d like you to deliver this bedroom suite on your way home. Staff: but I ride my bicycle to work. Manager: that’s OK, it’s disassembled in boxes, so when you’re finished delivering, you can assemble it for the customer. We’ll pay overtime for the delivery. Staff: you mean you’ll pay me time and a half? Manager: no, we’ll pay you half; you’re doing it for the customer, not us. And, by the way, if there is any damage, you’ll have to pay the insurance claim. Reply ↓ Alex June 2, 2017 at 9:02 am against white nationalism: full employment & the politics of radical inclusion Essentially what is proposed is to do away with the immigration controls altogether, and the consequences of such policy are not examined well enough. Their argument runs as follows 1) with more people we can build more things 2) even if their culture is different we’re gonna take care of it somehow and 3) it’s gonna be alright It’s hard to believe that there’s not enough people to build or restore all the needed infrastructure in the US or in any other western country. And regarding the culture, if the “newcomers” with different culture outnumber the “natives” (realistically at a municipal or regional level – remember we’re talking about a free entrance to the US) why wouldn’t *their* culture dominate there? Historically the shortage of workers has always worked to their advantage to it’s hard to see how it can be different this time. So the article looks like an attempt to evade the less-than-pleasant-for-certain-people conclusions from both history and MMT Reply ↓ justanotherprogressive June 2, 2017 at 9:27 am “why wouldn’t *their* culture dominate there?” And that would be bad because?????? How much of our culture is because of the Irish, the Asians, the Latinos, the Germans, etc. that have come here as immigrants? I hesitate to include Africans because most of them were not immigrants, but yes they too have added immeasurably to our culture. And yes there were regions (and still are) where the Irish controlled politics, where Asians controlled politics, where the Germans controlled the politics, where the Latinos controlled politics, etc…. I’m wondering what is so “exceptional” about the US that so many people think “everyone” will want to come here? It seems to me that they come here not because the US is “exceptional” but because the US and other countries have destroyed their countries……and there is no where else to go….. Reply ↓ Darn June 2, 2017 at 10:39 am Ppl are concerned that economic growth may be helped by a growing population from immigrants, but per capita incomes would not. And ppl are loss-averse. I assume it has little effect either way, positive or negative. But since a “more mouths to feed, competing for our jobs” argument is simple and plausible, there will always be a big fraction of the public who oppose mass immigration. Enough to swing an election or two. As for cultural dominance, Alex was talking about completely free migration. That means a hell of a lot more cultural dominance than the Irish dominating politics in an American city of yesteryear. There is a language barrier: historically limits of immigration meant English has always been the national language. Completely open migration would change that, and it would be economically inconvenient. Then there is whether greater numbers would help or hinder public services and infrastructure. Even if you think so, you must admit voters’ fears over this would be a political problem, preventing other things getting done. Reply ↓ Alex June 2, 2017 at 12:34 pm Darn, thank you, that was indeed my point. I don’t think immigration is bad per se and certainly every country has been affected by it In addition to that I’d suggest the author to start not from the whole country but think about his town or neighbourhood and conduct a thought experiment – what kind of difficulties can arise and what kind of consequences follow from adding to the current population as many economic migrants that look different and have different culture. Like where would they live, where would they work (especially while they still don’t know the language), who would gain from such an influx etc Reply ↓ Darn June 2, 2017 at 4:22 pm Yes. And at a time of economic stress (after 9 yrs since the Great Recession without full recovery for a large part of the population) ppl are gonna be more desperate for solutions and stopping immigration is an easy idea to grasp. The Brexit vote would never have got to 52% without this. Only partly about immigration, but it got them over the finish line. I don’t think MMT is necessary, but try getting a party for Keynesian stimulus into power when the first question you get asked on the doorstep is, “why don’t you just cut immigration?”. Personally I don’t think we have to sacrifice any votes or other policies just to keep immigration at the current level. Reply ↓ LT June 2, 2017 at 10:49 am There is no shortage of workers. There is a shortage of willingness for those who want work done to bear costs for training workers. Work to be done is all around us, all over the world. The root of the controversy, debate, and employment problem is over who is going to pay for the work and workers and pay for the training. Reply ↓ Alex June 2, 2017 at 12:37 pm I was referring to the historical examples of shortage – like after the Great Plague in Europe, the peasants’ lot improved quite a lot (of those who survived, that is) Reply ↓ LT June 2, 2017 at 2:47 pm Oh, I can imagine they did economically, but it was still traumatic. Remember the posts about a few weeks ago about traumatic memory surviving in cultures? Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen June 2, 2017 at 12:06 pm There are currently 7.5 billion humans on earth. All of them cannot live in the u.s. At some point, the doors to this country will necessarily close. The argument seems to be over who gets to decide when the inevitable will happen, and how much chaos will reign on the inside when it finally does. Reply ↓ craazyboy June 2, 2017 at 1:53 pm It’s always been who has the mostest bucks wins. However, we still have a lot of unpopulated land, and could build multilevel marketed, multilevel, materials free, life space. Or perhaps a pyramid scheme, now that Ben Carson runs HUD. Free stowage on an oil tanker if you contract for 7 years carrying a millennial on your shoulders. That would be a popular financial product hawked by Wall Street. The Pharaoh Street Vertically Leveraged Buy Up Fund? Haygood could synth a perfectly redundant tracking index on it and State Street could market futures against it? GDP positive! Reply ↓ clinical wasteman June 2, 2017 at 5:08 pm I’ve asked versions of this question before, and I can’t emphasise enough that — at least when commenting here — I NEVER mean it sarcastically or derisively*. Anyway, here’s one more iteration: “Why stop at ‘this country’ in that case? A hugely disproportionate amount of wealth (and with it, the chances for the non-wealthy to earn an income) circulates inside a few states and cities of the US (just as in Europe, India, China, etc.), but available space and physical resources in those places are limited. Is it also inevitable that New York, California, Bavaria, Guangdong and, say, the Federal District of Mexico must “close the doors” on “deplorables” from elsewhere in the larger federal/national territory? And isn’t that what eg. San Franscisco, Manhattan/Brooklyn, “petit Paris” and parts of London are already doing by way of a de facto “property qualification” for residence?** (*The impolite version — quoted here for information purposes only, because it’s only for use against those “closed doors” advocates who don’t sincerely detest exploitation and economic injustice, i.e. no-one I recall seeing on NC ever: “which do like better, the Chinese Hukou or the South African Pass Laws? Because the only difference between those ‘closed doors’ and ‘national’ ones is the size of the administrative entity.” (**Yes, the property qualification is technically non-discriminatory as well as conveniently deniable, but class cleansing, which is exactly what’s going on in those cities, is always also ethnic to one degree or another.) Reply ↓ Jeremy Grimm June 2, 2017 at 7:01 pm An answer to your question — “class cleansing, which is exactly what’s going on in those cities, is always also ethnic to one degree or another” … Yes — I believe that is true. However I don’t believe ethnic cleansing is a root intent — it’s merely a by-product — not a goal per se. Money distribution in the U.S. is strongly tied to “ethnic” — dare I say race — backgrounds. Elsewhere. that is not so much the case — or at any rate the dominant “ethnic” background isn’t always the same as in the U.S. I believe — admittedly without evidence to point to — that the only “color” which matters for purchasing the astronomically priced real estate in too many cities of the U.S. is the color “Green”. [Some ethnic groups have to fight harder to get in than others but “Green” seems to overcome all but the most idiosyncratic obstacles.] Reply ↓ clinical wasteman June 3, 2017 at 7:38 pm Thanks Jeremy for the thoughtful observations. I agree that the ‘ethnic’ part may very well not be a a conscious aim of the cleansing, but that doesn’t seem to stop it happening, and it probably doesn’t matter much mid-eviction or when you know your kids will either have to live with you forever or leave town. Pursuit of “Green” is, as you say, the decisive intention, but the second-third-fourth-degree effects are almost always ‘ethnically’ skewed — or in practice, for those on the receiving end, racist — even if their landlords, bailiffs and bosses are untainted by prejudice deep in their hearts. With the many exceptions duly noticed (i.e. a few rich ‘minority’ brackets and many many ‘non-ethnic'(?!) poor), the ‘race’/power/class breakdown does broadly work that way here in London and elsewhere in the UK too, which is why the recent attempts to set (implicitly ‘white’) ‘working class’ and ‘ethnic/metropolitan’ pseudo-identities against each other — rhetorically expelling ‘minority’ and ‘metropolitan’ workers from our own class — trouble me so much. Reply ↓ Optimader June 2, 2017 at 5:44 pm Who will mow my neighbors yards?? Reply ↓ Jeremy Grimm June 2, 2017 at 9:54 pm Your question triggered many pet peeves clawing about in my twisted mind! Is there any way to put a stop to — or at least stifle the noise and air pollution from the endless mowings of lawns, blowings of leaves, trimmings of hedges and other mechanized noise of lawn maintenance? And — with all the yard maintenance companies hiring people of dubious citizenship and paying them dubiously and little while charging nice prices — how are teenage boys [and enterprising teenage girls] supposed to start small businesses mowing their neighbor’s lawns and/or shoveling their neighbor’s snow? I’d far rather exploit the cheap labor of my neighbors children than be exploited by the many yard services around — exploited along with their foreign laborers. Reply ↓ craazyboy June 2, 2017 at 10:07 pm Specially trained and bonded Asian Karma Armpit Whisperers use Yoga Technique to rotate arms slowly in Big Harmonious Circle causing Green Grass to slowly return GDP Conserving Energy back into the soil. (Does not work indoors with houseplants.) That’s how it’s done now in Asia. You never here them complaining about too much green grass? Bill Mitchell captured one in Australia, without papers, and is studying the young boy now. The kid was hiding in a Kangaroo pouch. Bill thinks some of the Green Energy is split and is stored in the young boy’s body, probably in blood and spleen. Steve Keen is quite excited about the prospects and is working on updating his Javascript model of his General Relativity Economic Model. Peter Theil has expressed interest in Jump Start funding. Bill signed an agent contract with the kangaroo. The kangaroo goes by “Skippy”, and knows about MMT. Reply ↓ clinical wasteman June 3, 2017 at 7:43 pm who will stop mowing (sometimes only figuratively) my neighbors down? Reply ↓ Detroit Dan June 2, 2017 at 9:10 am I’m catching Corbyn fever. The rise of Corbyn is a great story. Wishing him and Labor the best on Thursday! Reply ↓ Darn June 2, 2017 at 10:33 am Thanks. (Labour member here.) Now share the Metro article where he explicitly condemns the IRA, posted 6 hrs before the Manchester bomb. It got buried, but the IRA charge is his single biggest handicap. If you’d spam social media with it I’d be grateful, nobody is taking an interest. Reply ↓ begob June 2, 2017 at 11:52 am Lots of online speculation that Theresa May is ill. She has type 1 diabetes, but my impression is she’s suffering severe anxiety. All guesswork, but curious parallel to Clinton – campaigns in safe spaces and a certain oddness in public appearances. Reply ↓ Darn June 2, 2017 at 4:30 pm Because like Clinton and Cameron she is so right-wing that everything is decided with powerful interests behind the scenes. Then she tries to sell it to voters while avoiding the issues as much as possible in case hard questions are raised. So, vilify her opponent (like Trump, Miliband). Her idea of dealing with the weakness Brexit exposed is to say “meritocracy” and say she’ll build more grammar schools so that middle class kids (it will mostly be them) get a more academic education than working class ones. And cut benefits to disabled people by £30 a week. Then let scaremongering right-wing newspapers do the heavy lifting. Another parallel is her speeches and literature have all said I I I, me me me. Strong and stable. Basically Jezza will ruin everything and is dangerous, Tezza is the safe choice — #imwithher. Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob June 2, 2017 at 2:12 pm Ditto. Would love to see the media aligned against him eat it. Even articles ostensibly supporting him or at least not outright hostile can’t conceal their bias. From the 8 ways Jeremy Corbyn is winning link above: The Labour Party has run a traditional left-wing “giveaway” campaign. Is it really a giveaway campaign Politico?!?!?!? Because the free education that Corbyn is promising will be paid for through the taxes which everybody in the working class has to pay so there’s no “giveaway” involved. Yet somehow when politicians create tax codes riddled with loopholes that let the rich and big corporations get away with paying no taxes whatsoever, that’s not ever construed as a giveaway but as sound fiscal policy that will trickle down to the rest of us. Go get ’em Corbyn. Eat the Rich. Reply ↓ Dead Dog June 2, 2017 at 2:59 pm How any Brit (except the privileged class) could vote for the Tories given their track record I will never know. Corbyn is a once-only chance for the working class. If they don’t choose him now, he will disappear forever. If he gets in, the political landscape will change globally and Australians might, just might, get a Labor party that works for the working person, instead of the opposite. Reply ↓ Darn June 2, 2017 at 4:34 pm Oh it’s easy. Get wealthy middle class ppl by telling them Labour will tax them and saying immigrants are using up their taxes. Get working class ppl by telling them Labour are unpatriotic and immigrants are stealing their jobs and lowering their pay and benefit cheats are living it up at the expense of struggling workers. Then say they’ll die in a terrorist attack if Labour get in. Oh, and having a government deficit will make you poorer somehow. Reply ↓ reslez June 2, 2017 at 5:53 pm I thought I was hallucinating yesterday when I saw Lord Monckton being interviewed by Alex Jones. He was complaining in the most Hoorah Henry tones imaginable about the many elderly Britons who die because they can’t afford their heating bills and how global warming is a conspiracy to keep the rest of us poor. Lordie… Reply ↓ Mel June 2, 2017 at 3:59 pm Now that the press isn’t trashing him, it turns out he looks kind of like Michael Caine. Reply ↓ Mikerw June 2, 2017 at 9:19 am On Infrastructure I was speaking to a friend who is a professor of engineering along these lines just recently. We concluded that the explanation is actually pretty simple. Everything is run by the MBAs, not by the engineers. They are designed to maximize profit extraction and executive compensation, not get anything done. Like so much else. Reply ↓ Mike Mc June 2, 2017 at 5:04 pm For “infrastructure”, insert “Higher Ed”, “public schools”, “health care”, “environmental issues” etc. etc. etc. MBAs are the useless 2nd Lts./Lt. Colonels that got fragged in ‘Nam for getting troops killed due to their incompetence and obeisance to higher echelon brass. Sadly, until the US becomes an active combat zone, fragging the corner office will be difficult to explain. Reply ↓ Left in Wisconsin June 2, 2017 at 5:43 pm One thing that is of course ignored by Vox is the decline in unionized construction. Not only did the unions insist on apprenticeship programs but the law was flexible enough to allow union workers to fill most of the lower level supervisory positions – so the front-line management actually knew the work. Not all that long ago, most of the big construction projects were still union – non-union was big in residential construction but barely present in big commercial projects. No longer. Reply ↓ Jeremy Grimm June 2, 2017 at 9:38 pm I believe the Federal Government is captured and manifestly corrupt. But what little I’ve seen of state and local government leads me to believe the Federal Government is saintly by comparison. Every time I pass a state construction site with one or two “workers” present — trading a shovel back-and-forth — and surrounded by expensive heavy equipment parked around the worksite I can’t help but wonder how much my state pays to rent that sitting equipment [exclusive of the costs to commuters and transport companies — more often to individual truckers] for the delays the “construction” adds to the already horrible transit costs for traveling in my state. I believe even the most cursory investigation of our state transportation department, the governor’s office and/or the contracting my state does would considerably bolster the pockets of myriad defense attorneys while providing countless long-term tenants for our growing Prison Industrial Complex. We can’t repair infrastructure — without breaking the bank? Who are they trying to kid? Reply ↓ KFritz June 3, 2017 at 1:48 am Something not mentioned in the article: worker training. There may be a way to verify this as a culprit/contributory factor to US underperformance. The gold standard of American construction unions is the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW). The union and its client employers work well together to ‘produce’ workers who can perform at a high level. It would be interesting to find out whether the IBEW outperforms US construction workers, and/or performs as well as electrician counterparts in comparable nations. If the IBEW does outperform other American workers and compares well to other countries’ electricians, training is certainly one culprit. I’ve also heard, anecdotally, that the American system of contractors and subcontractors is much less efficient than vertically integrated ‘full service’ construction firms , which are the most common form in many other comparable countries. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 9:41 am Google’s Map of the Most Misspelled Word in Every State Should Make America Feel Ashamed GQ (Micael) I believe if more Americans misspelled the word, or any word, it would become the new accepted way and new standard of spelling. That’s how the American English language, like others, evolves…one huge mistake at a time. “A sporadic misspelling is a shameful thing. Spread it deep and wide or spring not to the next progress phase.” Reply ↓ Darn June 2, 2017 at 10:32 am Irregardless of youre opinion its literally a million miles away from the truth! I could care less! Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 11:52 am I just think they should busy themselves shaming those overly educated, but not wise (sad state of our education, free or not free), bankers, instead of shaming these creative spelling pioneers. Reply ↓ witters June 2, 2017 at 8:55 pm We used to call it Elizabethan Spelling. And if was good enough for Shakespeare, its gude enuff fure mee. And from just a bit earlier (Henry VIII) the incomparable Sir Thomas Wyatt on Anne Boylen: ‘Whoso List to Hunt, I Know Where Is An Hind’ Whoso list to hunt, I know where is an hind, But as for me, hélas, I may no more. The vain travail hath wearied me so sore, I am of them that farthest cometh behind. Yet may I by no means my wearied mind Draw from the deer, but as she fleeth afore Fainting I follow. I leave off therefore, Sithens in a net I seek to hold the wind. Who list her hunt, I put him out of doubt, As well as I may spend his time in vain. And graven with diamonds in letters plain There is written, her fair neck round about: Noli me tangere, for Caesar’s I am, And wild for to hold, though I seem tame. Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob June 2, 2017 at 2:02 pm Har har! +1 Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 6:17 pm In the good auld days, people who spelt the word awld old or olde were shamed mercilessly. And they should be, for old or olde meant neither ole nor alde. But with progress, people who spell old old today can shame those who misspell it, for example, alde. Reply ↓ cm June 2, 2017 at 11:03 am I’m reading Ambrose’s book about the Lewis & Clark expedition. Lewis spelled mosquito more than 20 different ways. Reading their letters one sees how “flexible” English spelling was. Reply ↓ TK421 June 2, 2017 at 11:52 am Evolution is not always for the better. It took flight away from the dodo, legs away from the snake Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 11:56 am I am trying to think of an example where the olde way of spelling is better. Is ‘labour’ better than ‘labor?’ Reply ↓ Darn June 2, 2017 at 4:36 pm I’ve seen some Americans spell grey instead of gray. And in Australia it’s labour usually except for the name of the Labor Party. Reply ↓ wilroncanada June 2, 2017 at 6:49 pm In Canada too. Maybe those grey Americans are Canadian USites, just labouring there before returning to their birthplace. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorJune 2, 2017 at 6:51 pm I often use “grey” in large part because one of the too-many places I lived during my childhood was on a Grey Cliffs Drive. Reply ↓ witters June 2, 2017 at 9:01 pm “And in Australia it’s labour usually except for the name of the Labor Party.” It is hard to believe, but the Australian Labor Party was called that (1912) in an attempt to reassure voters that it had little or nothing to do with representing the labouring classes. And to signal its closeness to the USA. Since then nothing much has changed. Reply ↓ zapster June 3, 2017 at 1:01 am Grey, to me, is wetter and darker than gray. I have no idea why this is, tho. Reply ↓ Propertius June 2, 2017 at 8:33 pm Is an English copy of a Norman misspelling of a Latin root better than the original spelling of the Latin root? Just asking… Reply ↓ Massinissa June 2, 2017 at 5:45 pm Snakes are doing just fine without legs, thank you very much. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 9:45 am Coal Ash Is More Radioactive Than Nuclear Waste Scientific American (Chuck L) The first question is more radioactive per gram or more radioactive as a whole (and probably more coal ash around than nuclear waste, weight-wise). And that would be a great lesson – small things add up. Like billions of smartphones and the toxic substances inside, for example. We need to end smartphone production worldwide. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 9:55 am If not (per gram), it would still make a great point, as the example shows. “Those smartphone jobs are not coming back.” But we’re not reading about cumulatively toxic phones at this moment, perhaps not politically timely for Scientific American…or not…just something to ponder. Reply ↓ nippersmom June 2, 2017 at 9:47 am Love today’s antidote! Reply ↓ craazyboy June 2, 2017 at 9:59 am The “One Legged Stalking Crane” doesn’t work on Pit Bulls. Reply ↓ funemployed June 2, 2017 at 9:49 am I know how to spell better than most, but a pretty high percentage of my google searches contain spelling errors because it’s a waste of time to correct typos. Why should I feel ashamed? Google knows what I mean. Also, that map can’t be correct. Maybe those words have the highest rate of being misspelled, but I doubt it, because if it was pure frequency relative to attempts that they were looking at it is more likely that very uncommon and difficult words would be the most frequent (i.e. the sort people look up specifically because they’re so uncommon that educated people who might want to use, for example, “autochthonous,” need to look it up because it isn’t in autocorrect dictionaries). So they must have a reasonably high threshold of attempts to make the cut. Also, many of the most common spelling errors are those that google wouldn’t likely catch, because they’re grammatical in nature: affect and effect, they’re their and there, to and too, etc. Also, if it was just aggregate totals of misspellings, I’d bet double or nothing on my student loan debt that in each state the most often misspelled word is “the.” Also, supercalifragilisticexpialidocious is a made-up silly word, and the only people who should be ashamed are those who actually think they know the “correct” spelling, and that that somehow matters. The authors of that article are the ones who should be ashamed for generating clickbait for pretentious twits who get warm fuzzies from talking about how stupid and uneducated americans are because of something as superficial as “correct” spelling in google searches. Reply ↓ funemployed June 2, 2017 at 10:01 am Also, most of my misspellings in google searches are keystroke errors in words I know how to spell, so they might be saying more about the layout of the designed-to-be-as-inefficient-as-possible QWERTY keyboard than people’s actual knowledge of spelling. Also, knowing how to spell from memory is mostly superfluous in the digital age, and has always been superfluous for those of us with good dictionaries and a willingness to use them. Ok, rant over. Wife made strong coffee this morning. Reply ↓ a different chris June 2, 2017 at 11:43 am It was an awesome (awsum?) rant. Reply ↓ Darn June 2, 2017 at 10:30 am Maps like this are gamed. https://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/state_word_map.png Reply ↓ Vatch June 2, 2017 at 10:37 am Good points. I don’t think that the most misspelled words can be deduced from a list of the most looked up words. It’s some of the words that aren’t looked up often that are frequently misspelled. Two examples: “recieve” “seperate” Reply ↓ MoiAussie June 2, 2017 at 10:53 am They’re Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen June 2, 2017 at 10:39 am The data comes from Google searches that begin with “how to spell…” Dunno. Does counting the number of “how to spell” searches really indicate the number of “most misspelled words?” What’s happening here–is the google giving them the wrong answer? Reply ↓ funemployed June 2, 2017 at 11:06 am overlooked that. thanks. and I doubt it. I’m guessing that most people who search “how to spell” subsequently then spell the word correctly. just a hunch Reply ↓ craazyboy June 2, 2017 at 9:58 am To kill net neutrality rules, FCC says broadband isn’t “telecommunications” ars technica (martha r) ======= oh nos. not this again. The FCC needs to firm up their rules. If they define wifi as landline, then we can rap our heads against it and be convinced broadband is telecommunications – like “tele”. The Dumkopfs ! It’s not like Putin invented the stuff yesterday. That was old Russia, before the turn of the century. Reply ↓ Vatch June 2, 2017 at 10:21 am Unfortunately, we’re stuck with Ajit Pai until the end of the current session of Congress or the appointment of his replacement. Or even worse, he might be reappointed. He’s already been renominated: https://www.congress.gov/nomination/115th-congress/89 As for commissioners serving past the expiration of their terms, see: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_Communications_Commission#Commissioners Please tell your Senators to vote against Ajit Pai’s reappointment, even though he’s like a piece of chewing gum stuck to the bottom of our shoe through the end of the year: https://www.senate.gov/senators/contact/ Reply ↓ Synoia June 2, 2017 at 11:00 am I believe a phone call could be defined as an information service under Pai’s changes. Especially a cell phone call, which is nothing more that a data connection between two computers. Reply ↓ craazyboy June 2, 2017 at 2:05 pm Unless you talking to an idiot, or downloading news faster than you can read it in real time. Udder sillyness. (sp^2) Like splitting hardware and software? An ancient, black, Bell telephone is telecom, the analog signal is broadband? [Broadcom stock just crashed] An airplane is 1G (hahaha. That’s really good! I can really crack myself up! oh-nos. again!] The passenger and flight controller must be physically rubbed together before flight to make them quantum entangled pairs, otherwise neither will know what state they are in – evah! Laptop, or no laptop. This could go on forever. Reply ↓ reslez June 2, 2017 at 5:59 pm Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes hurtling down the highway. – Andrew Tanenbaum, 1981 Reply ↓ JerseyJeffersonian June 2, 2017 at 11:00 am Ja, and since so many of us, at least when out in the world access the internet through 4G or such, I just have to ask, doesn’t that qualify as telecommunications? So why the artificial distinction, as if I had to ask. Reply ↓ jawbone June 2, 2017 at 12:41 pm Does this mean that Verizon, for example, will no longer have to charge its users some of the fees which are applied to “telecommunications”? Reply ↓ craazyboy June 2, 2017 at 2:06 pm They could just call them fees, until this is resolved. Reply ↓ nothing but the truth June 2, 2017 at 7:22 pm if its not telecom then its not under FCC. Reply ↓ craazyboy June 2, 2017 at 10:14 pm party pooper. Reply ↓ allan June 2, 2017 at 9:58 am C.I.A. Names New Iran Chief in a Sign of Trump’s Hard Line [NYT] … the official, Michael D’Andrea, has a new job. He is running the C.I.A.’s Iran operations, according to current and former intelligence officials, an appointment that is the first major sign that the Trump administration is invoking the hard line the president took against Iran during his campaign. Mr. D’Andrea’s new role is one of a number of moves inside the spy agency that signal a more muscular approach to espionage and covert operations under the leadership of Mike Pompeo, the conservative Republican and former congressman, the officials said. … Siding, in a religion-based regional dispute, with the people who attacked us on 9/11, supported al-Nusra and are currently engaged in genocidal agression in Yemen. Another solid for his non-interventionist supporters. Reply ↓ wilroncanada June 2, 2017 at 6:54 pm Is muscular a synonym for steroid-addled? Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 10:09 am Morality is defined by technology. Bomb-Sniffing Dogs, Scanners Pushed to Avoid Airline Laptop Ban Bloomberg If we could survive on rocks today, with the right technology, it would be immoral, for spiritual people, to kill and consume (or consume by killing, that is, eating them alive) living vegetables (though rocks are living, too, as like vegetables are living beings for vegans who eat them…just lower forms than meat..so morally ok). So, if we don’t have the right technology to combat the laptop threat, by the same logic, a ban is the way to go….by the same logic. Of course, I think we should be queasy about chewing living vegetables to death, as such when having a salad. Reply ↓ RWood June 2, 2017 at 10:10 am When were such practicalities (looks like the Panamanian bankers had to act) established as US justice? And that long ago, so what are comparable scales of justice? “Big-time drug bosses enjoyed great rewards for telling the jury what the government wanted. Observed reporter Glenn Garvin, “To convict Noriega, the strike force had to make a flurry of deals with other accused narcotraffickers, bargaining a collective 1,435 years in prison down to 81.” https://consortiumnews.com/2017/06/01/missing-the-real-noriega-story/ Reply ↓ Vatch June 2, 2017 at 10:11 am Leading Right-Wing Christian Figure Calls for a ‘More Violent Christianity’ Alternet Oh, goody. Maybe we too can experience the death toll and destruction of the religiously motivated Thirty Years War. Reply ↓ wilroncanada June 2, 2017 at 6:57 pm Some call themselves Fundamentalists, and they are full of fundament. Reply ↓ David Carl Grimes June 2, 2017 at 10:13 am I wonder if the Fed is trying to engineer a recession to make Trump a one-term President. Why are they still intent on raising rates when job growth is slowing? http://www.businessinsider.com/fed-rate-hikes-could-do-more-harm-than-good-2017-5 Reply ↓ Darn June 2, 2017 at 10:27 am Could be legit to do this if they need the ability to lower rates enough to cope with the next recession esp when fiscal stimulus is unlikely with GOP in Congress Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 12:08 pm Anticipating fewer cheap(er) H1B visa workers, and fewer undocumented immigrants, those native deplorables might just get too uppity. Time to mobilize for the second phase of War on Wage Inflation (WWI). Reply ↓ craazyboy June 2, 2017 at 10:14 am HA! From the FBI Blotter File: Appears our Dear Leaders are still grappling with this confusing telecom security tech. Tho Deb does seem to have mastered her Super Hero voice mystifier. http://ibankcoin.com/zeropointnow/2017/06/01/debbie-wasserman-schultz-uses-voice-changer-to-call-law-firm-suing-dnc-forgets-to-disable-caller-id/ Reply ↓ crittermom June 2, 2017 at 2:21 pm LMAO! Yet another reason the Dems lost. Ya can’t fix stupid. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 3:30 pm You’re right, though, I think greed is even harder to fix. Reply ↓ craazyboy June 2, 2017 at 4:23 pm I think Deb is still using old voice mystifier tech. It’s just a common, very large, conch shell anyone can find on the Gulf Area beaches. Inside is a large, hollow area which has a nice ambient echo to it. Ya stick yer bandwidth device in there, then shout at it, but not too loudly. Then it sounds like you are a Fallen Angle calling from Tara, Clayton County, GA. You can switch on choir and clapping background sounds too! They make electronic guitar effect boxes that make noises like that too. Clapper has one wired to his Captain Kirk microphone. Reply ↓ Jeremy Grimm June 2, 2017 at 9:06 pm Are these devices available on Amazon? They sound [and sound like they sound] way cool! I could use one for when I talk with telemarketers and put a little fear into their lives. It might also work to scare my daughter into not exceeding the 6 GB data limit on her Verizon phone — [Otherwise I may have to send her one of the bills.] Reply ↓ craazyboy June 2, 2017 at 10:19 pm We’ve been killing off the conchs, and they’ve become quite rare. They are collectors items, and occasionally auctioned off at Sotheby’s. Prices vary wildly depending on “market” – sorta tracks the Old Masters market. But not to worry. Electronic tech to the rescue. Large choice, and cheap. See Amazon. Reply ↓ bronco June 2, 2017 at 10:28 am Can we ban cell phones on flights instead of laptops? It’s all security theater anyway why not have a little fun with it. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 11:59 am If that would make fewer passengers, so much the better. Air travel is not quite green. Mind travel is better. Why must one be able to brag about flying to Monaco for an expensive romantic dinner? Reply ↓ Ranger Rick June 2, 2017 at 10:29 am “Forgot how to do infrastructure” indeed. They should instead be wondering how the government does contracting, because they are so far beyond catastrophically bad it qualifies as biblical in scope. Everyone charges the government more. Reply ↓ Vatch June 2, 2017 at 10:32 am Hurricane season starts with nobody in charge at FEMA or NOAA Tampa Bay Times When the Katrina catastrophe occurred during the Bush administration, President Bush was able to say: “Brownie, you’re doing a heck of a job” When there’s a catastrophe during the Trump administration, the President will have to say: “Nobody, you’re doing a heck of a job” Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 12:05 pm I thought Trump nominated someone called Knowbodie to the post? Reply ↓ funemployed June 2, 2017 at 10:37 am Don’t want to post a link here, lest NC be accused of supporting copyright violation, but if you google the title to the noonan piece and “investor discussion board,” somebody copied and pasted the whole thing there. Reply ↓ funemployed June 2, 2017 at 11:00 am oops. repost. sorry. link above. should have checked. Reply ↓ LT June 2, 2017 at 10:43 am Re: Paris Climate Agreement… Really! All these world “leaders” love the planet, but not enough to stand up to or de-escalate what scientific studies studies show as the greatest single industry for oil consumption, a rampant purveyor of environmental and health disaster, and has products that could wipe out life as we know it tomorrow (and not some hypothetical future date). It’s nothing more than an over-glorified international trade treaty that features alot of privatizing the profits and socializing the losses. Oppositon to it just favors other ways to privatize the profits and socialize the losses. Reply ↓ dcblogger June 2, 2017 at 11:05 am In an Unprecedented Court Escalation, Trump Protesters Could Be Facing Decades in Prison for Inauguration Demonstrations A frightening crackdown on free speech is underway across the country. http://www.alternet.org/activism/unprecedented-court-escalation-trump-protesters-could-be-facing-decades-prison-their Reply ↓ begob June 2, 2017 at 12:22 pm Ouch! How has it come to this? Reply ↓ Jim Haygood June 2, 2017 at 1:19 pm It started in 1984 under Ronald Reagan and Atty Genl William French Smith. Their diabolical plan was to crank federal sentences so absurdly high (multiple lifetimes in some instances) that most cases would be settled by plea bargains without trials. This vastly increased judicial processing capacity to feed an enlarged federal Gulag. Today about 95 percent of federal criminal cases produce guilty pleas which lead directly to sentencing. “Criminal justice today is for the most part a system of pleas, not a system of trials,” “Justice” Anthony M. Kennedy wrote in 2012. What passes for criminal justice today bears no resemblance to the pre-1984 system. They substituted a completely different regime, in which going to trial amounts to gambling with the rest of your life, and no one noticed. Current attorney general Ku Klux Jeff Sessions just ordered drug defendants to be whacked with maximum charges. You can see why “we” love Saudi Arabia — a medieval regime with savage punishments and zero rights for defendants. Washington DC is a showcase for hard-core federal “justice.” Reply ↓ craazyboy June 2, 2017 at 2:12 pm Gag orders, Clean Speech Initiative, Green Speech, Globally Cool Speech (Double Talk). It’s all a result of folks like Weiner, Pizza Gate and Assange screwing things up for the rest of us. This is why we can’t have good hotdogs, anymore. Or pizza with toppings! Reply ↓ Jeremy Grimm June 2, 2017 at 9:01 pm My state, New Jersey, handles state criminal cases much as you describe for Federal cases — absurdly high sentences, with most cases settled by plea bargains not trials. And in my opinion, most of the state judges I’ve observed (admittedly not all that many) seem afraid to do anything that steps outside Draconian sentencing guidelines established by the state legislature [both Republican AND Democratic legislators]. And, in my humble opinion, prosecutors have little interest in “Justice” — only in improving their chances for promotion within the “system” while minimizing any “risks” they might face for being “too lenient”. This harsh way of things may have started with post-1984 “justice” but they continue — live and well — to this moment. Reply ↓ JerseyJeffersonian June 2, 2017 at 11:09 am Regarding the three governors looking to go around the federal government on the Paris Agreement, perhaps they should be mindful of the Logan Act and consequences of its violation. Reply ↓ Altandmain June 2, 2017 at 11:10 am The fight over superdelegates in the Democratic Party continues: http://www.clickorlando.com/news/politics/democrats-fighting-over-superdelegates-again These quotes from the DNC are interesting (more from the same Andrew Therriault): https://twitter.com/JimmyPrinceton/status/870139254550151170/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc^tfw&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.washingtonpost.com%2Fnews%2Fthe-fix%2Fwp%2F2017%2F06%2F01%2Fex-dnc-aide-hits-back-hard-at-clinton-says-her-campaign-ignored-its-data-on-michigan-pennsylvania-wisconsin%2F The Tweets have since been deleted. Reply ↓ Sandler June 2, 2017 at 11:14 am Just watched Keith Ellison (DNC chair) on Morning Joe. Holy cow. I’ve never seen him before. He seems incredibly incompetent and frankly, quite dumb. He started everything answer with “Lemme tell ya, man,” even when answering a woman! Who is this guy? Where do they find these people? It’s obvious to me he was installed as a total puppet for Obama to control. It’s clear to me that Democrats are completely screwed, and the left will only make a comeback after hitting rock bottom (probably after getting killed in 2018 and Trump reelection in 2020) and imploding into a new party. Wow. Reply ↓ Sandler June 2, 2017 at 11:25 am Correction, he lost the DNC chair, was backed by Bernie. I would say that was a folly by Bernie, I don’t know much about Tom Perez. Reply ↓ nippersmom June 2, 2017 at 12:12 pm Perez was hand-picked by the establishment dems to run against Ellison. Sanders supported Ellison because Ellison endorsed Sanders for President, at a certain amount of political risk to himself. Reply ↓ Vatch June 2, 2017 at 11:27 am Yikes! Keith Ellison does come off as a total BS artist in this clip: http://freebeacon.com/politics/morning-joe-baffled-keith-ellisons-spin-hillary-dnc-criticism/ Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner June 2, 2017 at 1:01 pm The problem is Ellison is trying to polish a turd. The DNC has been a disaster since Kaine started and was a disaster from 1993 through 2004. Gee. I wonder what happened. Im sure Perez, Kaine, and Obama are super nice in person. Kaine is so damn friendly. There are still enough Hillary supporters who will react to the first Democrat who hits the Clinton wing hard. What is Ellison going to say? “I tried to reform the DNC but its owned by corporate lobbyists and Obama is a tool”? Where is OFA? A rhetorical question. Reply ↓ justanotherprogressive June 2, 2017 at 1:23 pm If you want to get a nice gloss on a turd, you have to let it harden for a few years. There are some nice polished turds out there – like what a great President Carter was, or like the attempt to resurrect Bush during the last election (I don’t think that turd was old enough….). Ellison needs to wait longer before he starts his polish job, because now it sounds like he is just rubbing sh*t around……. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 1:58 pm Ellison and his allies, with the reform project, do take away people’s minds off the Green Party, or another 3rd party. Reply ↓ UserFriendly June 3, 2017 at 4:41 am It drives me so fucking nuts that everyone still tiptoes around Clinton and her supporters. She lost and bad and her flunkies need to wake up and be told how much of a failure she was by everyone because the longer they live in this fantasy land where she ran a perfect campaign the more they pretend the party doesn’t need to change. Reply ↓ UserFriendly June 3, 2017 at 5:10 am Ellison is my rep. I just emailed him this: Subject: Your Morning Joe Interview about Clinton. It drives me crazy that everyone still tiptoes around Clinton and her supporters. She lost and bad and her flunkies need to wake up and be told how much of a failure she was by everyone because the longer they live in this fantasy land where she ran a perfect campaign the more they pretend the party doesn’t need to change. Why are you holding water for her? The party establishment has done NOTHING but say sit down and shut up with your stupid ideas about healthcare and college we don’t want to scare off our billionaires. To the extent you don’t rhetorically smack her down when she lies and comes up with excuses for losing you are keeping her as the figurehead of the party; you don’t want her to be the figurehead of the party. America hates her. There is a reason 43% of the country is independant. A majority of Democrats may like her but a majority of 30% of the country isn’t going to win you any elections. Why is the party completely incapable of producing an autopsy that doesn’t sound like McCarthy wrote it. At this point if Putin was on the ballot I’d vote for him over a democrat because at least he is trying to avoid nuclear war. And I’m gay so that would have significant downsides for me. The party can’t run fast enough from her smug insider loyalist toxic politics; stop defending her. Reply ↓ mk June 3, 2017 at 12:20 pm Thanks for sending. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 1:48 pm He had plenty of precedents about anyone else trying to reform the DNC. Perhaps the decision itself can be questioned. Reply ↓ LT June 2, 2017 at 11:22 am Re: Bleecker Street’s Swerve From Luxe Shops to Vacant Stores New York Times… Reminds me of the area I live in with its increasingly gentrifying rents. A few months ago, I went there for the first time in a few years and saw that it had a new owner. I asked how it was going and he solemnly commented something that equated a weak “ok” and that he thought it was supposed to be up an “up and coming neighborhood.” Thought. The prices for the restaurant had always been higher than some big chain restaurant, but not elite prices. And more of the Chipotile type of chain restaurants had opened in the area. The higher rents are what is making it slow for him. Reply ↓ LT June 2, 2017 at 11:33 am Re: The Middle Has Fallen Out of British Politics…The Economist I couldn’t read any more after the part about Corbyn supporting Chavez “the human rights violator” …when he’s running against a Saudi suck-up. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 11:47 am Is it or is it not? It’s pious and inaccurate to say Manchester attack had ‘nothing to do with Islam’. It was rooted in Saudi Arabian Wahhabism Independent (Sid S) It’s not Islam that drives young Europeans to jihad, France’s top terrorism expert explains Haaretz (furzy) Jihad, though, seems to be uniquely Islamic, as a crusade is uniquely Christian. Without a doubt, it was not Islam that drove young Europeans to crusade. Saladin and his soldiers were just minding their business in their sphere of influence. Reply ↓ Plenue June 2, 2017 at 2:54 pm Both of those views can be simultaneously accurate. There are a whole lot of people, particularly Muslims, who consider Wahhabism in general, and ISIS in particular, to be takfiri apostates, not real Muslims. Certainly the vast majority of the Syrians, Iraqis, and Kurds fighting and dying everyday to stop ISIS and AQ are also Muslim. Wahhabism is so disdained by the majority of Muslims that there’s apparently a widespread conspiracy theory in the middle-east that it was created by the British and/or the CIA as a Trojan horse to undermine Islamic and Arab unity. Personally I find it all a bit No True Scotsman-y. The fact is that in the end the head-choppers consider themselves Muslims who are doing what they believe Allah wants them to do. But it’s also true that a whole lot of the people, particularly Europeans, who sign up for ISIS are apparently so grossly ignorant of the basics of Islam that they had to buy ‘Islam for Dummies’ type books. https://apnews.com/9f94ff7f1e294118956b049a51548b33/islamic-state-gets-know-nothing-recruits-and-rejoices So while Wahhabism is undeniably a branch of Islam, and is the driving ideology of jihadist movements, that doesn’t necessarily mean any kind of piety is what is driving a large number of people to sign up with jihadist groups. Also, Jihad in the sense of a military expedition doesn’t strike me as demonstrably different from a Crusade. And I’ve seen the argument that the Crusades were fundamentally a belated response to the initial Islamic incursions into Europe; they didn’t just happen completely without provocation. But regardless, it’s also clear that the Levant was basically the Wild West for Europeans, and many people signed up in the hope of getting land and riches. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 3:25 pm Thanks. I haven’t heard of the CIA/British Trojan Horse theory. Reply ↓ Massinissa June 2, 2017 at 5:37 pm Well, to be fair, some jihadi groups like the Mujahideen were in fact sponsored by the CIA. But Wahhabism as an ideology is almost 200 years old, so it definitely predates the CIA. Reply ↓ Massinissa June 2, 2017 at 5:35 pm “And I’ve seen the argument that the Crusades were fundamentally a belated response to the initial Islamic incursions into Europe;” Belated response? You mean the crusades were a response to the Muslims taking over Spain and failing to invade France…. THREE centuries before? The Muslims invaded western Europe in the 700s. The first crusade was in 1096. The Muslims hadnt taken jack since then. And the crusade wasn’t even focused on Spain, which was indeed actually taken from Christendom, but on the Muslim heartland. Forgive me if I’m skeptical of this hypothesis. Oh yeah, and it also doesn’t explain the fourth crusade, which was aimed at…. Orthodox Greece. I’m pretty sure that explanation is just too facile. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 6:08 pm And that brings us to the Children’s Crusade. Using boy-soldiers seems to go way back. Reply ↓ reslez June 2, 2017 at 6:15 pm > The first crusade was in 1096. The Muslims hadnt taken jack since then. Aside from when they invaded Sicily and southern Italy 800-1000, sacked Pisa and Rome (which I’m sure had nothing to do with anything), then there were the Islamicized Huns and Tatars who invaded Russia, Bulgaria, and Ukraine from 1200 onward. I mean, I’m not a fan of the Crusades or whatever but let’s be honest about how expansionary Islamic forces were. Eastern Europe fought them in waves for centuries. Reply ↓ Massinissa June 3, 2017 at 3:29 am By the time of the crusade they took south Italy back so its sort of moot. And as for the invasion of Russia, Bulgaria and Ukraine by nomads… They were not Catholic. The Crusades were by West European Catholics only, and bringing up Orthodox Christians other than the Byzantines is completely irrelevant. If anything the crusades made Eastern Europe less safe when the Catholics decided it would be way easier to get loot and plunder by ransacking the Byzantine Empire instead of trying to take Jerusalem back the second time. Reply ↓ Anonymous2 June 3, 2017 at 6:25 am Read up on the Battle of Manzikert. Crucial background to the First Crusade. Reply ↓ allan June 2, 2017 at 11:47 am Special counsel Mueller to probe ex-Trump aide Flynn’s Turkey ties [Reuters] Our frenemies in Ankara have a lot of juice on the Hill. How long before GOPers start calling this a fishing expedition and demand that Mueller be fired? Reply ↓ OpenThePodBayDoorsHAL June 2, 2017 at 10:07 pm Mueller can then move on to the massive influence and collusion with Israel on American policy LOLOLOLOLOLOL Reply ↓ a different chris June 2, 2017 at 11:56 am If we can pull away from “all that politics slop” for a moment…. can anybody clue me in on a question I have about the Hot Chili article? It talks about (and I also followed the link given) about somebody getting hospitalized after a pepper-eating contest. Peppers are “hot”, not hot. A billion Scovilles, as I understand it, wouldn’t put the slightest singe on the most delicate paper. So what exactly happened here? Reply ↓ Fried June 2, 2017 at 5:25 pm As far as I can tell in my tired state of mind, the linked article doesn’t really say the injury is because of the peppers. Anyway, I looked it up on ducky and found this bit of information: https://www.zocdoc.com/answers/6658/can-hot-peppers-cause-a-burn-injury I particularly liked the bit where the answer seamlessly moves on to “In the future, if you don’t have access to a question answering service like this one, and you have questions like this, it’s never a bad idea to schedule an appointment with your primary care physician.” I’m sure she’d be delighted. In any case, I found the link funny because earlier today, for the first time in my life, I was wondering why and how pepper feels hot. Reply ↓ Indrid Cold June 2, 2017 at 12:36 pm re: single payer in California I don’t see it often discussed that the real reason we don’t have single payer is the debased Calvinism that is the bedrock ideology of Anglo-America. If you are rich, it’s because you have Grace. Being rich means you have ‘worked hard’ because we live in a meritocracy. Some of the poorest people you will meet buy into this idea that Bill Gates ‘worked really hard’ for all his money. His daddy being a fancy patent lawyer had nothing at all to do with it. Same thing with Trump. If you’re poor, you are morally defective. Hard work = success. Notice how you can plug “God” or “Markets” into it and the ideology is exactly the same. These same people will laugh and shake their atheistic or christian heads when they read about some fellaheen in Egypt shrugging off their poverty and oppression by saying ‘God wills it’. Why if they just believed in (free markets) or (Jesus) everything would be jake! Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 1:54 pm Not just Calvinism. In India, under the caste system, you’re born to respect those ranked above you. I think they got rid of it (or are trying). And in China’s no-longer-persecuted Confucian society, one must uphold one’s place in the hierarchy (and natural for those are poor to uphold the positions of those who are higher up the wealth ladder…subconsciously perhaps, as one is encouraged to make money…how, that’s another story). Reply ↓ Vatch June 2, 2017 at 2:20 pm His daddy being a fancy patent lawyer had nothing at all to do with it. Let’s not forget that his mother was personally acquainted with the CEO of IBM, which helped Microsoft win the contract for PC-DOS, which became MS-DOS on non-IBM computers: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mary_Maxwell_Gates#Career Beyond the Seattle area, [Mary Maxwell] Gates was appointed to the board of directors of the national United Way in 1980, becoming the first woman to lead it in 1983. Her tenure on the national board’s executive committee is believed to have helped Microsoft, based in Seattle, at a crucial time. In 1980, she discussed her son’s company with John Opel, a fellow committee member and the chairman of International Business Machines Corporation (IBM). Opel, by some accounts, mentioned Mrs. Gates to other IBM executives. A few weeks later, IBM took a chance by hiring Microsoft, then a small software firm, to develop an operating system for its first personal computer. Reply ↓ Jeremy Grimm June 2, 2017 at 9:21 pm I can’t get past believing there was more to it than that. IBM was notorious for “protecting” its intellectual property and famous for exploiting that property. Letting Mr. Bill “own” the operating system for PC computers just doesn’t compute without a LOT more to it than that. [No I don’t know what. The story as told just won’t hold water for me.] Reply ↓ Vatch June 2, 2017 at 9:48 pm It is strange that IBM let Microsoft get so much out of the deal. At the time, IBM’s mainframe division was king of the company, and they had only released their first midrange computers in 1979. In 1981 personal computers were so under powered compared to what exists today, it’s possible that the IBM executives simply did not believe that the PC would become a major product line. In consequence, maybe they didn’t pay as much attention to the negotiations with Microsoft as they should have. Does anyone have any other information about why IBM let Microsoft get so much from the deal? Reply ↓ craazyboy June 2, 2017 at 10:49 pm Dunno what happened. Buts looks funny here! Belongs here: reslez June 2, 2017 at 6:15 pm I wonder how the Genghis Kahn invasion of the 1300s fit in. The kings of Western Europe were pretty tapped out by that time and only a modest number of troops were raised at noblemen level to defend Western Europe, and they barely pushed into Eastern territory. Plus they had to split and go north to Poland and south east. The Crusaders were still around but not a huge force and they had begun to be under attack from the Church and supportive kings at that time. The only reason the Kahn boys won was Genghis killed his liver, and law recalled the troops back to the homeland to settle the succession. They never did return west, and I haven’t seen any good reason why, other than they just lost interest. Reply ↓ craazyboy June 2, 2017 at 10:58 pm Back to the subject. I’m pretty sure that’s it. I think Gates has confirmed as much, also. IBM was really that dumb. Or had their heads in the Mainframe cloud. PCs were toys, to be made for hobbyists, maybe in garages, with silly names like “Apple”. Or, Altair – Bill’s first employer – and was a hobbyist machine. Basic was the language – not so impressive to a mainframer either. Then Paul Allen was known as the grownup in the room. Along with Bill’s Dad and Mom, I’m sure Bill had lots of really good negotiating advice. They really underestimated Intel and Andy Grove. So you can take a corporation for a ride, once in a great while. Reply ↓ JustAnObserver June 2, 2017 at 2:30 pm ++. Hasn’t all this been codified into some pseudo-theological drivel called the “prosperity gospel”. I think its even worse than you state since IIRC by Calvinist doctrine of predestination the seats on the private jet to paradise have been pre-allocated (*). So however much you screw over the rest of the world to get your $$$ it makes no difference. Your boarding pass for the Pearly Gates is secure; faith alone is sufficient, good works in this life are not required. (*) 144K of them I seem to remember although I’m sure some cunning Calvinist Vroomfondle has managed to increase this. Reply ↓ Vatch June 3, 2017 at 4:43 pm The robber baron Andrew Carnegie wrote The Gospel of Wealth. Reply ↓ Massinissa June 2, 2017 at 5:25 pm Ol’ Ben Carson recently made headlines stating that ‘poverty is a state of mind’. So clearly, theres nothing to see here. Lets starve the poor because theyre mentally defective and not optimistic enough. /s Reply ↓ witters June 2, 2017 at 9:17 pm I know it is a long, long shot, but is Carson perhaps a Berkeleyan? You know, an esse est percipi man? Reply ↓ Massinissa June 3, 2017 at 3:23 am BA from Yale, MD from University of Michigan, so no. Reply ↓ Left in Wisconsin June 2, 2017 at 5:52 pm the real reason we don’t have single payer is the debased Calvinism that is the bedrock ideology of Anglo-America. This suggests the problem is that Americans don’t want single payer. That is demonstrably untrue. I would argue instead that we don’t have single payer because when the UAW and Steelworkers pushed for it in 1946-48, they were ultimately bought off by employers who agreed to provide comprehensive health care insurance to their employees. Or, taking the big picture view, we don’t have single payer because we don’t have working class organizations with nationwide agency. Reply ↓ financial matters June 3, 2017 at 5:21 am Good point. It would also be useful if the US was a true democracy so that it could get what the people want which is single payer. “”Economic elites and organized groups representing business interests have substantial impacts on government policy, while average citizens and mass-based interest groups have little or no independent influence. The scholars’ (Gilens and Page) findings seriously challenge the idea that, as a type of society, the United States is democratic. If a semblance of democracy is reached, it is usually because the rabble has exerted pressure on decision-makers through extra-electoral means – strikes, riots, demonstrations, civil disobedience, even insurgencies; in other words, because they’ve rejected the constraints of the electoral arena and moved the competition to the streets, where the constraints of procedural democracy no longer obtain.”” (Washington’s Long War on Syria) Reply ↓ financial matters June 3, 2017 at 5:45 am This discussion was in light of contrasting the ‘democracies’ of the US and Syria. As an underdeveloped nation struggling against powerful opponents, Syria gives priority to the Ba’ath party as being in favor of Arab secular nationalism. “”In effect ,then, the difference between presidential elections in Syria, under its 1973 constitution, and the United States today, is that presidential candidates in the former were chosen by Arab nationalists to carry out the country’s Arab nationalist mission, while in the latter, the candidates are chosen by the U.S. capitalist class to carry out the country’s capitalist-based imperialist mission. The Syrian system at least had the advantage of representing Syrians en masse as part of an oppressed Arab nation. By contrast, the U.S system almost ineluctably leads to the selection of candidates who have a high probability of being committed to policies that favor their country’s wealthiest citizens at the expense of the voters who elected them.”” (ibid) Reply ↓ Jeremy Grimm June 2, 2017 at 9:17 pm I think Weber’s analysis is too limited to explain why we don’t have single payer. It’s the Market! What kind of Market could there be with single payer? That’s no market for medical care! And it doesn’t bolster profits for anyone who matters. Reply ↓ jawbone June 2, 2017 at 12:51 pm https://qz.com/994323/economists-say-the-ultra-wealthy-dodging-taxes-far-more-than-we-think/ URL didn’t take, so here it is. If the ultra-wealthy continue to manage to not report about 30% of their income, they’ll be down to paying hardly anything after Trump’s Cuts go through. And what Republican would ever vote against a tax cut for the rich? Reply ↓ Bernard June 2, 2017 at 6:54 pm or what Democrat ever filibustered to stop Republican ” tax giveaways. ” ever!? Vichy D’s only want their fair share of the looting. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood June 2, 2017 at 12:53 pm “Complete calm,” comrades. That’s what’s called for when shares in your bank have crashed to 41.3 centavos: The solution for troubled Spanish lender Banco Popular is either a capital raise or a sale, a spokesman for Spain’s government said on Friday, adding that it was not worried about the situation. “(Popular) passed its stress tests … it is in the process of a sale or a capital raise, nothing more. Complete calm. We are going to wait for the next steps,” Inigo Mendez de Vigo told a news conference. Popular says it is seeking a buyer after Spanish Economy Minister Luis de Guindos ruled out a state bailout. The bank says it could extend a deadline of June 10 for binding offers. https://www.reuters.com/article/banco-popular-ma-idUSE8N1DF01X Sharp-eyed readers will note that Popular’s price chart runs on the wrong diagonal: upper left to lower right = BAD. http://bigcharts.marketwatch.com/quickchart/quickchart.asp?symb=ES%3APOP&insttype=&freq=1&show=True Italians do not intend to take this Spanish challenge in the Bank Bust Sweepstakes lying down. Alle barricate! Reply ↓ Massinissa June 2, 2017 at 1:15 pm “Landlords doubled the rents” Why would they do that? Do they want to replace the shops with a new building or something? Otherwise I don’t understand why they think its a good idea to raise the rents so high that no business would want to rent there… Reply ↓ Oregoncharles June 2, 2017 at 1:40 pm Did anyone say they were smart? But they might indeed be trying to empty the building for a rebuild. Reply ↓ WeakenedSquire June 2, 2017 at 2:10 pm As long as the space remains vacant, it’s a tax writeoff for the landlord. And even if it takes 4-5 years to fill it, the expectation is that eventually an international retailer will pay the full asking price for a at least a few years, and that will make the wait worth it. You never know when that tenant will come along, either–so best have inventory ready and not tied up in a lease to a struggling mom-and-pop. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 2:35 pm That strategy calls for an all-cash buyer/landlord, or an owner having access to practically 0% financing. Just one more way the Fed is doing for or to America. Reply ↓ HotFlash June 4, 2017 at 6:06 pm Dunno how it is there, but here (Ontario) commercial leases are voided on sale of the property. New owner, therefore new lease — or not, of course. Residential leases may also be voided, if the buyer is moving family in. I got evicted once that way, although the buyer lied. But I digress. We have lots of commercial properties here, landlords have jacked up the rent and if tenants can’t cough up, vacancy. Currently, the city reduces property taxes for vacant commercial property, and of course, with no income there is no income tax for the owner. Sometimes the places stay vacant for a long time. In my neighbourhood (Parkdale, yes that Parkdale) we are seeing our local coffee shops, bookstores, hairdressers, greengrocers, ethnic food and clothing shops, and barbers replaced with galleries, martini bars, cannabis clinics and (tada!) a 24-hour A&W. Are we going upscale or down? I can’t tell, but it sure is getting different around here. Reply ↓ rich June 2, 2017 at 1:27 pm Carlyle’s Rubenstein Returns to Bilderberg Carlyle Group co-founder David Rubenstein returns to The Bilderberg Group meeting in Chantilly, Virginia. Carlyle has $100 billion in fundraising to do and a junk bond IPO fund to push, TCG BDC. Other private equity firms at Bilderberg include KKR, Thiel Capital, Johnson Capital Partners, Ariel Investments, Citadel, Carlyle Group partner Koc Holdings, Evercore, Greylock and Goldman Sachs. Bob Rubin, Vernon Jordan, Andy Stern and James A. Johnson will be at Bilderberg to relish the millions they’ve made by integrating the Blue Team with Wall Street and the greed/leverage boys. Palantir will be at Bilderberg to protect the secret enclave from public scrutiny or accountability. Trump Commerce Chief Wilbur Ross will attend the meeting. He and Rubenstein could tell deadly stories of how they failed workers and customers. Billionaire’s don’t talk about the little people very often. Their pocketbooks are more important. Posted by PEU Report/State of the Division at 12:14 AM http://peureport.blogspot.com/ Reply ↓ Oregoncharles June 2, 2017 at 1:37 pm Naomi Klein on Trump and the Paris Climate Accord: https://theintercept.com/2017/06/01/will-trumps-slow-mo-walkaway-world-in-flames-behind-him-finally-provoke-consequences-for-planetary-arson/ (Title doesn’t match content.) Reply ↓ crittermom June 2, 2017 at 2:03 pm RE: healthcare/single payer in CA. Isn’t it convenient how the figures can be skewered to make healthcare for all appear impossible? I live in another state. I just received my first bill from the hospital. It was for the tests back in March, before I even began my treatments for Stage III breast cancer. Treatments will be ongoing through the winter, with 5 yrs of estrogen therapy to follow beginning next year when I’ve finished all other procedures. (I now have to wonder how much big pharma will charge for the Estrogen?) Despite having Medicare (I’m 65) plus “the best Medicaid supplement” I’m allowed (which, BTW, doesn’t cover one penny of this), this one bill alone amounts to exactly half my monthly income–despite the $134 mth the govt takes out of my SS for Medicare. All for one day of tests. I called the billing ofc and told ’em they’d better hope I live to be 200, as that’s the only way they’ll get repaid if I’m going to receive bills like this over the coming years. I’m already considered “below extreme poverty level” with just my SS for income. And the Drs wonder why I’m now suffering some depression? Now my car insurance is going up due to the extra miles I’m putting on it to travel to my treatments, despite my clean driving record. Yeah. Ain’t America grand, where healthcare is a privilege and not a right? So, so sad that Bernie was never given an honest chance to win… Reply ↓ reslez June 2, 2017 at 6:52 pm Ain’t that America, where the people are Free and health care is Expensive. How we handle this in the US is by setting up pity pageants on GoFundMe where sick people can portray themselves as deserving of care and donations, the more photogenic the better. But if you do set up a gofundme, or something like it, I hope you post it here so those of us who are able can help. The system is rotten. All we can do is make the world a little brighter for each other. Reply ↓ Jeremy Grimm June 2, 2017 at 8:08 pm First question — why doesn’t Medicare or your Medicare Supplement cover the costs of your tests? I’m asking because I wondered why my Medicare Supplement insurer was trying to sell me additional insurance for cancer. What gives? I’m appalled at the costs of medical care in our country but two costs particularly anger me. The first is the cost for hospital care along with the endless hospital subcontractors who pile-on their charges. The second cost — which most particularly relates to your comment — is the totally outrageous costs for lab tests. Lab tests require a location, a low-paid phlebotomist and an overpriced piece of medical equipment. That overpriced piece of medical equipment is often old and probably paid-off in the first few months it runs. There are overpriced reagents and overpriced repairs and maintenance items … but the providers keep a fat part of the charges they make for each test. I believe that in the worst case a state could buy some of this equipment and hire some civil service phlebotomists, pay them well and give them benefits and retirement, and still end up making embarrassing amounts of money for the state coffers while cutting the charges for lab work in half. Most/[all?] states license medical doctors to practice medicine and to some/[full?] extent could control the costs for various treatments. Given the ready willingness to undercut the “market” for engineers and nurses [RNs] through H1B Visas I have often wondered at the remarkable power of the doctor’s union — the AMA. A state like California could make single payer very affordable by modifying a few state laws. Physicians can reasonably and should complain about the outrageous costs of medical school and malpractice insurance and the overheads associated with insurance billing systems. These costs are all under some/[full?] control of a state. Each state has considerable leverage to make single payer work. But who controls the levers? Finally — I hope all comes out well for you. My mother had breast cancer in her early 30’s and it affected her, and her family deeply. I was 13 years old at the time and mostly fussed about getting stuck doing the family dishes. It’s taken years — many many years to grasp even a small part of how this disease devastated my mother. Reply ↓ pzoe June 2, 2017 at 2:52 pm I’m so amused by Hillary’s often stated claim that she really won because she won the popular vote. Reporters echo this mindlessly. I’ve never seen anyone refute this. Hello, it’s the Electoral College, stupid. As every educated marketing person knows one develops a strategy towards winning by winning with the score that counts. For the US Presidency what counts is electoral college votes, not popular votes. So you concentrate your campaign, spend your money, focus your efforts, visits, etc. with the view o fwinning those electoral states. One doesn’t spend time in states where you can get lots of votes but lose. A simile is the 1960 World series where the NY Yankees absolutely dominated in the “runs scored” column but lost in the game score. The Yankees won three games by huge margins but Pittsburgh won its four games and the series by lesser run margins. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether June 2, 2017 at 3:13 pm Yes, I’ve never understood why losing the game by rules you knew going in is considered virtuous. The odd thing is that the failure mirrors 2008’s Democrat primary, where Clinton pulled even with the popular vote, won all the large states, but butchered the delegate count, apparently because they didn’t know how caucus states worked. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 3:16 pm Girl made underclassman kowtow to her. From Kowtow, courtesy of Wikipedia: Kowtow, which is borrowed from kau tau in Cantonese (koutou in Mandarin Chinese), is the act of deep respect shown by prostration, that is, kneeling and bowing so low as to have one’s head touching the ground. An alternative Chinese term is ketou; however, the meaning is somewhat altered: kou (叩) has the general meaning of knock, whereas ke (磕) has the general meaning of “touch upon (a surface)”, tou (頭) meaning head. The date of this custom’s origin is probably sometime between the Spring and Autumn Period, or the Warring States Period of China’s history because it is already known to have been a custom by the time of the Qin Dynasty (221 BCE – 206 BCE).[citation needed] Did the underclassman have to prostrate and make a knocking sound on the ground? Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 3:23 pm Washington, California, New York band together to form climate alliance Politico. Martha r: “Why are so many poor-quality people suddenly taking “principled” stands over Paris? Somehow I suspect they think they can turn Trump’s decision to their advantage. Surely I am too cynical . . . ” Prevailing offshore winds send a lot of air-born pollutants from California to Nevada, Arizona and beyond, just as they also send the same pollutants from the neoliberal Santa Monica to the San Gabriel Valley. I think California should compensate its neighboring victims as a part of its better-climate-for-all program. Reply ↓ Synapsid June 2, 2017 at 5:18 pm MLTPB, Offshore winds would take pollution from California out over the Pacific. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 5:27 pm Thank you for the correction. Make that ‘onshore’ Reply ↓ Jeremy Grimm June 2, 2017 at 8:15 pm California is sharing. I live in New Jersey a state of refinement. We send our best to NYC — in the prevailing winds. Reply ↓ mk June 3, 2017 at 12:29 pm Yes, like the never-ending Fukushima fallout. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 3:27 pm Let’s reconcile to a diet of squid as we overfish to our own peril South China Morning Post(J-LS) As a reminder, for I mentioned this many times before, that when we humans say, ‘I love tuna,’ that means, ‘I will kill you and eat you, tuna fish.’ “Beware of humans who love you.” Reply ↓ Jeremy Grimm June 2, 2017 at 8:20 pm Squid — dried and then roasted over an open fire makes an excellent and tasty anju. You just need to peel off the outer skin to get rid of the bitterness. But squid is also high in cholesterol — so I’m told. Better than crab (?) but still not as happy as a cholesterol anju could be. Reply ↓ HotFlash June 4, 2017 at 6:19 pm Pseudofish salad: coarsely smash a can of chick peas, add whatever you expect, eg, chopped celery and onion (that’s what my mom used), vegan mayo (recipe here) and *secret ingredient* ground up wakame for that fishy taste. Most people can’t tell. Of course, there is that other problem, “I love you, wakame.” Reply ↓ Plenue June 2, 2017 at 3:31 pm http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/06/600-cholera-deaths-yemen-month-170602141857685.html Yemen has cholera now. Good job Obama, Trumop, everyone. Take a bow. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef June 2, 2017 at 3:38 pm And to think humans migrated out of Africa along the Yemen coast. “No more humans out of Africa.” Reply ↓ LT June 2, 2017 at 3:51 pm “Resurrecting Black Wall Street Your World. Normally I don’t link to what amounts to ads, but I have to confess that I’d never heard of Black Wall Street, nor that, per Judy B: “It’s Been 96 Years Since White Mobs Destroyed Tulsa’s Black Wall Street” A “fun” fact about Tulsa’s Black Wall St (though what happened was hardly “fun”): The main streets of that neighborhood were Greenwood, Archer and Peoria. GAP – immortalized for ever by Tulsa’s own GAP Band. “You Dropped A Bomb On Me”…indeed. Reply ↓ LT June 2, 2017 at 3:59 pm Another thing about Oklahoma is that it was the home to a number of self-sufficient, all black towns up to the around the mid-20th century – the land run and a lot of black people were with the Native Americans that were relocated there. I still believe there may be one or two left. Reply ↓ financial matters June 2, 2017 at 4:48 pm Seems like a useful ISIS update. F. William Engdahl is strategic risk consultant and lecturer, he holds a degree in politics from Princeton University and is a best-selling author on oil and geopolitics, exclusively for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook.” http://journal-neo.org/2017/05/30/the-cia-s-cloddish-isis-attack-on-duterte/ “”Today the CIA uses IS as the cover to justify keeping US forces in Iraq after the government asked them to leave; a cover to bomb Syria in order to topple Assad, something Russian presence has made embarrassingly difficult since September, 2015. And they use it to recruit thousands of young psycho recruits from over the Muslim work, train them and send them back to places like Chechnya in Russia or Xinjiang in China, or Balochistan Province in Pakistan where the Chinese have built a new deep water port at Gwadar on the Arabian Sea near Iran, the heart of its $46 billion China–Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC), a strategic part of its One Belt, One Road Eurasian infrastructure project. Now the West’s favorite terrorist mercenaries are being told to take down Duterte in the Philippines”” Reply ↓ Plenue June 2, 2017 at 9:25 pm Michael Hudson has refereed to ISIS as the American Foreign Legion in the past, I believe. Reply ↓ financial matters June 2, 2017 at 9:42 pm Thanks, not surprised :) Reply ↓ Albacore June 2, 2017 at 5:57 pm There are way too many links. Too much repetition. Too much raking over old coals. Not enough emphasis on positive initiatives for change. Too much hand-wringing. Comment threads all over the place so becoming not worth trawling through. No need to post MSM stuff you don’t agree with. Go back to what you did well – incisive economic and political analysis. Look around the world a bit more. Reply ↓ Jeremy Grimm June 2, 2017 at 8:27 pm I’m inclined to agree with you — mildly so I don’t piss anyone off. I know a lot of the “news” revolves around Clinton, the allegations against Trump and coming to terms with the meaning of Trump’s election. The Presidential election was last year. It’s over. Hillary lost and Trump won. Why is it so hard to get past the strange events of 2016? True — it is wise to learn from history. But when will November 2016 fade into a moment of history instead of a cluster-point for thrashing about? I disagree with you about there being too many links. I would prefer the more to less. I can pick through this level of links to find what I’m really interested in. I would be very hard pressed to sift through the web to find what is of value. Reply ↓ kareninca June 2, 2017 at 9:40 pm It’s great that you are planning to start your own blog, with the sorts of links and comment section you describe! It will consume a huge amount of your time and be costly to run, but I’m sure you are up for the tasks involved. Let us know when it comes online. Reply ↓ Albacore June 3, 2017 at 5:59 am Done that already – www,standard.org.nz and http://www.fabians.org.nz – they have both been going for eight or nine years, and they run efficiently with mix of angels, co-operative authors and presenters and crowdfunding. Not US scale but the internet makes us all citizens of the world, and we need all the good ideas and good change examples we can get. We also have Tillerson coming to visit us next week to jerk our string to stay in Iraq and Afghanistan. https://thestandard.org.nz/when-earths-future-is-under-attack/“> Reply ↓ craazyboy June 2, 2017 at 11:16 pm I think of it as perennial baseball season and we have 200 or so Spin Doctors serving up curveballs and sliders. It’s the only game we got. So take aim and hit the suckers outta da park. It’s a fun way to waste time at least. Otherwise we’d only have Cuban baseball. Reply ↓ screen screamer June 2, 2017 at 7:02 pm Warren’s take on DeVos is a bit over the top. Especially in lieu of the last eight years of wild west tax payer sponsored blood in the water shark fest. Now she wants to what, gander over the shoulder of education types who want to game the system. For what exactly? Schools as we know them are obsolete and are indeed a waste of tax money and the human capital that keeps the machine going. The sooner the education system wakes up and figures it’s days are numbered, the better. But technocrats and bureaucrats hate to hear the train coming and will stick their fingers in their ears until the din of the horn blasting pulls them into reality. Reply ↓ ElViejito June 3, 2017 at 2:24 am Here’s some good info on the Greenwood, Tulsa, Oklahoma massacre in the Black Wall Street – https://whowhatwhy.org/2017/06/01/classic-day-americans-bombed-american-city-air/ The first terrorist aerial bombing of a continental U.S. city was done by “whites” against “blacks”. Germany has taken steps to come to terms with its racist past; when do we (“white”) Americans begin? Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments gepay on Don Quijones: Shock Waves Spread from Spain’s New Banking CrisisOld Spanish proverb "The law is like a... nowhere on Links 6/4/17Business Trumps Babies Jerri-Lynn Scofield on Revolving Door Continues to Swing: Obama Alumini Land on Their FeetPlease! He certainly knew what he would get... TK421 on Revolving Door Continues to Swing: Obama Alumini Land on Their FeetNo doubt about it. Although heading up a... Carl on Links 6/4/17Excellent! The whole interview is well worth reading.... Topics Africa (22) Australia (130) Auto industry (96) Banana republic (3,072) Banking industry (4,673) Brexit (57) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (249) China (577) Commodities (461) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,641) Curiousities (273) Currencies (910) Derivatives (689) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,501) Dubious statistics (587) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,804) Energy markets (514) Environment (472) Europe (637) Federal Reserve (1,270) Free markets and their discontents (1,456) Garrulous insolence (67) Global warming (340) Globalization (1,120) Guest Post (6,678) Health care (400) Hedge funds (420) Income disparity (994) India (21) Infrastructure (82) Investment banks (747) Investment management (513) Investment outlook (858) Japan (205) Legal (1,927) Links (3,103) Macroeconomic policy (986) Market inefficiencies (236) Media appearances (74) Media watch (884) Middle East (155) Moral hazard (341) New McCarthyism (8) New Zealand (77) Notices (296) OCC (12) Payment system (50) Permaculture (33) Politics (5,125) Private equity (529) Privatization (75) Real estate (1,529) Regulations and regulators (3,622) Ridiculously obvious scams (465) Risk and risk management (720) Russia (245) Science and the scientific method (197) Social policy (1,039) Social values (1,807) Species loss (53) Student loans (54) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (123) Taxes (389) Technology and innovation (470) The destruction of the middle class (1,382) The dismal science (1,473) TPP (84) UK (123) Water Cooler (687) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
News Crime & Courts Man arrested in Newport News after pursuit of stolen vehicle Caption Hampton Division of Fire & Rescue is responded to a car that crashed into an apartment building.The man driving the car was taken to the hospital with injuries that are not considered life-threatening Hampton Division of Fire & Rescue is responded to a car that crashed into an apartment building.The man driving the car was taken to the hospital with injuries that are not considered life-threatening Caption Hampton Division of Fire & Rescue is responded to a car that crashed into an apartment building.The man driving the car was taken to the hospital with injuries that are not considered life-threatening Hampton Division of Fire & Rescue is responded to a car that crashed into an apartment building.The man driving the car was taken to the hospital with injuries that are not considered life-threatening Caption The driver of a car that rolled over on Saunders Road in Newport News Wednesday was not injured in the crash, a fire official said. The driver of a car that rolled over on Saunders Road in Newport News Wednesday was not injured in the crash, a fire official said. Caption A snapping turtle arrived at the front steps of Riverside Elementary School in time for class Thursday morning.  A snapping turtle arrived at the front steps of Riverside Elementary School in time for class Thursday morning.  Caption The suspect, Richard Rojas, is said to have a history of driving under the influence. (May 18, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here) The suspect, Richard Rojas, is said to have a history of driving under the influence. (May 18, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here) Caption Richard E. Garrity is survived by his wife, 9-year-old daughter and 5-year-old son. Richard E. Garrity is survived by his wife, 9-year-old daughter and 5-year-old son. Hillary SmithDaily Press Privacy Policy A man was taken into police custody Friday night after the pursuit of a stolen car on Interstate 64 in Newport News, according to a Virginia State Police news release. Newport News police spotted a 2015 Ford Expedition that had been identified as stolen, which led to a pursuit Friday night around 9:37 p.m., the release said. Newport News officers requested assistance from Virginia State Police troopers, who came into contact with the car on I-64 westbound near Jefferson Avenue. After a short pursuit, the driver abandoned the car and fled on foot toward the Walmart on Jefferson Avenue. Oliver Copeland, 20, of the 400 block of Crescent Way in Newport News was charged with eluding, possession of stolen property, driving while suspended, possession of marijuana, and reckless driving, according to a news release from Sgt. Michelle Anaya, a spokeswoman for the Virginia State Police. Copeland was being held Saturday in the Newport News jail, without the chance for bond. No injuries or vehicle damage were reported from the police chase. Copyright © 2017, Daily Press Crime Pictures: Mug shots from local arrests Newport News 'Most Wanted' Hampton 'Most Wanted' Communities Trending Contact us Obits Sports Opinion Share Advertise 71°
MarketingMarketing Ideas Insights Services Reports Dashboard Books Assessment Keynotes Events About Contact Login Logout Copyright and Terms All Categories > ALL Fashion Tech Life Culture Design Ads Business Eco Good Luxury Bizarre Keynotes TV About Us Community Login Donut-Flavored Sandwich Cookies Score 5.5 More Stats +/- Hexagonal Cookie Packaging Concepts Alien Cookie Jars Exclusive Pie-Flavored Cookies Nostalgic Dessert Rereleases Southern Dessert-Flavored Cookies 40Similar Photos The Oreo Jelly Donut Flavor is Available for a Limited Time By: Mishal Omar - Jun 2, 2017 References: refinery29 & people In celebration of National Doughnut Day, Nabisco will be releasing its new Oreo Jelly Donut flavor for consumers to enjoy. The Oreo brand has been known for its unique collaborations in the past, offering everything from blueberry pie-flavored Oreos, to Oreos with popping candy in their cream filling. This new flavor is inspired by the popular jelly donut, and will only be available at Walmart. It is made with the brand's Golden Oreo cookies, which contain a custard filling that has a raspberry jelly center. The cookies are only available for a limited amount of time. The Oreo Jelly Donut cookies are further proof of the brand's willingness to expand its horizons and offer novelty products for its more adventurous consumers. #1 IN TREND REPORTS Find Better Ideas Faster™ with our unrivalled research, fueled by 100,000,000 people ➤ Related Top 10 Slideshows Video Pro Services Innovation Accelerator Innovation Keynotes Trend Reports Custom Dashboards Future Festival Free Resources Innovation Videos & Books Weekly Trend Report NEW: 2017 Trend Report Get a FREE Report Edible Fidget SpinnersClearly Cookies Bakery Offers a Functional, Edible Version of the Toy Cookie Dough ParlorsNaked Dough is a New Cookie Dough Cafe Opening in Shoreditch, London Cookie-Filled Chocolate CupsReese's New Crunchy Cookie Cups are Filled with Cookie Dough Rainbow-Colored Cookie DoughDō's Ready-to-Eat Cookie Dough Takes Inspiration from Unicorns Top 100 Pop Culture Ideas in JuneFrom Vice Presidential Ice Cream to Disney Princess Prom Dresses Top 100 Branding Trends in JuneFrom Mature Chocolate Packaging to Space Agency Accessories Stats for Donut-Flavored Sandwich Cookies Trending: Today & Warm Research: 2 d Interest: 0.5 minutes Concept: Oreo Jelly Donut Related: 52 examples / 40 photos Segment: Neutral, 12-55+ Comparison Set: 19 similar articles, including: alien cookie jars, hexagonal cookie packaging concepts, and exclusive pie-flavored cookies. Related Reports: Gourmet Sandwich Report, Pride Marketing Report, Sandwich Report, Cookies Report, Food Form Report SCORE: 5.5 Popularity: Activity: Freshness: Demographics: PRO Content Custom Research Comments / Reactions [+/-] Bookmark Comment Must See WTF OMG LOL Cute Nerdy HOT More About Us, Advertising & Contact     Innovation Keynote Speaker     Best Innovation Conference     Custom Trend Reports Trends and Content © Copyright 2017 TREND HUNTER Inc. All Rights Reserved.     Terms of Use & Privacy Policy Questions 32 time: 0.1055 , e-time: 0.1075
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Foreign Stocks Look Attractive To Mutual Fund Managers Shutterstock photo If you like the odd couple, May was your kind of market. A mix of technology stocks and defensive sectors outperformed. The tech stocks were driven by secular themes that seem able to keep growing even if the overall economy’s growth is tepid. The S&P 500 gained 1.41% last month while U.S. diversified stock mutual funds inched ahead by a more modest 0.38%. Global science/technology funds and science-technology funds led sectors, advancing 5.88% on average and 4.69% respectively. Other leading sectors were more defensive. Utility funds gained 3.43% and international real estate funds tacked on 3.12% . Consumer goods funds also did well, growing 2.00%. „The technology sector did well because of across-the-board interest in cell phones, mobile devices and software,” said Bernie Horn, a manager of $431.8 million Polaris Global Value Fund ( PGVFX ), an IBD Best Mutual Fund Awards winner , having outperformed the MSCI EAFE over the past one, three, five and 10 years that ended Dec. 31. Some cloud computing leaders also added to tech’s showing. Microsoft ( MSFT ) and Amazon.com ( AMZN ) posted gains. „They are growing their cloud services dramatically,” said David Chalupnik, head of equities for Nuveen Asset Management. IBD’S TAKE: Amazon has a solid 97 Composite Rating. It posted a 32.1% earnings surprise last quarter. See how its additional easy-to-understand fundamental and technical data stack up against rivals’ at IBD’s Stock Checkup . Investors Were Debating Defensive sectors also did well as investors sought safety amid doubts about the strength of economic growth. „The market was having a debate,” Chalupnik said. „Investors aren’t sure which way the economy is headed. The economic numbers that (came out) in May were mixed. The employment number was OK, but retail sales were a little light. The CPI (inflation rate) number was low for the second month in a row.” That last item is a sign that the U.S. economy is not heating up very fast. Precious metals funds, a defensive group, inched up 0.34% due to investor jitters over Washington, D.C., Horn said. „The weekly hysteria over Trump comments regarding Russia tends to make some people think that the Federal Reserve may not be able to increase rates as expected,” he said. „That puts monetary policy into flux, which usually drives money into precious metals.” Large-cap growth funds gained 2.87%, leading U.S. diversified stock mutual fund categories. World equity funds easily topped U.S. stock funds with a 2.92% gain. Taxable bond funds  inched up 0.64% on average. Tax-exempt funds tacked on 1.20%. What’s Ahead Going forward, Horn expects stock markets to benefit from improving economic growth and diminished political drama. „Notwithstanding political volatility around the world, underlying economic growth is slowly increasing,” Horn said. „And there’s less of the uncertainty that was holding back individual and corporate spending. The U.S. elections, Brexit (the initial decision), the French election – all are in the past. The U.S. market has seen valuations rise. But outside the U.S., there are lots of great values.” Magna International ( MGA ), a Canada-based maker of car and truck parts, is one such name he likes. „In an environment where competition among parts suppliers has been reduced, surviving companies like this are well-positioned to provide components whether the world goes electric or not,” he said. And he still sees U.S. stocks that he likes. ” Quest Diagnostic ( DGX ) is the largest provider of medical tests in the country,” Horn said. „They’re doing a better job of creating efficiencies in their operations, keeping costs in line.” He also likes NextEra Energy (NEE). „It’s one of the best-run utilities in the country if not the world, with a strong presence in clean fuels like natural gas and wind and solar to a lesser extent. It’s not the cheapest stock, but management makes continuous improvements in their cost structure.” Horn also expects health insurers and managed care providers Anthem (ANTM) and UnitedHealth Group (UNH) to benefit from the reduction of regulatory burdens of any arrangement that replaces or reforms ObamaCare. Chalupnik sees potential for better growth from key foreign markets than the U.S. Europe, China, Japan and emerging markets are growing at decent rates, he says. „The whole global economy is growing together,” he said. „It’s the first time since 2010 that you could say that.” Faith In Energy His team has overweights in materials and industrials relative to the S&P 500, although it has trimmed its overweights. It has held its energy weighting steady. Detroit Edison (DTE) illustrates his appetite for energy. „People and businesses still need electricity,” he said. „It is a very well run utility. It has good management, a good regulatory environment. It delivers quarter-in, quarter-out.” In addition, the stock has a 3% dividend yield. He also likes Wal-Mart Stores (WMT). „It’s a very stable company, probably the next big growth company out there. It’s one of the few retailers that’s growing same-store sales. And its e-commerce business is tremendous. And it’s trading at an attractive multiple.” Share price is up 15% so far this year, including a 5% gain in May. But the stock has a weak 59 Composite Rating from IBD, on a scale from 1 to 99. Douglas Burtnick, a manager of $1.8 billion Aberdeen U.S. Small Cap Equity (GSXIX), an IBD Best Mutual Funds Award winner for topping the S&P 500 over one, three, five and 10 years, likes Ellie Mae (ELLI). „They sell software and services to banks, which help them create more efficiency around the mortgage origination process,” he said. Ellie Mae’s systems are helping to transform what has been a paper-oriented industry into a digitally focused one. „That makes the process faster and easier,” Burtnick said. „Banks are willing to pay for that efficiency.” And Chalupnick likes the outlook for Lamb Weston (LW), a producer and distributor of frozen foods that was spun out of ConAgra (CAG) late last year. „It is a relatively new company, and it is under-followed,” he said. „They are one of the few packaged-goods food companies that is growing its unit volume. General Mills unit volume is down (in its North American retail segment).” RELATED: Mutual Fund Managers Look For Winners In Industrials, Materials, Tech, Banks The Painless Way To Add $140,000 To Your Retirement Account The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Top Funds Shine With Lumentum, Buy Stamps.com Next PostNext Global Commercial Electric Food Steamer Market to Grow at a CAGR of 6.09% to 2021 Search Recent Posts Global Cricket Balls Market 2017- Gray-Nicolls, Slazenge, Woodwor, Gunn & Moore, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Dendritic Cell Cancer Vaccine Market 2017- 3M Company, Activartis, Batavia Bioservices, Creagene, Dendreon, Merck Global Detector Diode Market 2017- Vishay, ON Semiconductor, NXP, Comchip, ANOVA, Bourns Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Print   Email   Font Resize Community News Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- June 1 - June 4 Posted:   05/31/2017 09:39:56 PM MDT Today, June 1 Circle of Grandparents Group — 9:30 to 10:30 a.m., Family Resource Center. Includes free child care. SilverSneakers Classic — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Construction Petting Zoo — 2 p.m., Sterling Public Library. See how some common tools are used by construction professionals. Whyman Teen Outreach Program — 4:30 p.m. for middle school students, 5:30 p.m. for high school students, Family Resource Center. Teen Movie Night — 5:15 p.m., Sterling Public Library. Under the Umbrella LCC Meal — 5:30 to 6:30 p.m., Prince of Peace Church, 201 Phelps St. Anyone in need of a meal is welcome. Anyone in need of a meal is welcome. Taking Charge of Your Diabetes — 6 to 8 p.m., Sterling Regional MedCenter. A 5-week diabetes self-management program. Participants will learn how to incorporate diet, exercise, monitoring glucose levels, managing stress, and medication management into their personalized self-management plan. Medicare and other insurance plans will pay for all or part of the program if the program is ADA recognized. A written referral from your provider is needed. Pre- registration is also required. Call Glenda Amen at 521-3260. Advertisement Clean Slate Recovery Group — 6:30 to 7:30 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Open to anyone struggling with addiction. Information: Christie Orozco 970-526-6500, 970-520-2939 or csrecovery1028@gmail.com, Facebook or Twitter. Sterling Camera Club — 7 p.m., Heritage Center. Sweet Adelines — 7 p.m., Sterling High School choir room. For ladies who love to sing. Centennial State Chorus — 7 p.m., Christ United Methodist Church. For men who love to sing. Elks Bingo — 7 p.m., Elks Club. Open to the public. Friday, June 2 Qi Gong — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. SRM Community Blood Drive — 10 a.m. to 2 p.m., Sterling Regional MedCenter south parking lot. Appointments: 521-3284. First Friday @ First Presbyterian — 12:05 to 12:35 p.m., First Presbyterian Church, 130 S. 4th St. Arlen Hershberger and friends. Musical presentation, free and open to the public. Cards and Pool — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. VFW Bingo — 7 p.m., public invited. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 7 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Victory in Jesus Church — 7 p.m., Heritage Center. Saturday, June 3 Recycling Collection — 8 to 11 a.m., southeast corner of Walmart parking lot. Collection includes: Plastic #1, plastic #2 natural (milk cartons), plastic #2 colored (detergent bottles, shampoo, etc.) and both aluminum and tin cans. No glass. Fishing is Fun Day — 9 a.m. to noon, Overland Trail Recreation Area Fishing Pond. Colorado Parks and Wildlife demonstrations, city of Sterling Parks, Library and Recreation, Santas of Sterling, Boy Scouts teaching that fishing is fun! Fishing contests, games and prizes. Lunch is free for children 18 and under, adult meals for $3. Fleming Volleyball Golf Tournament — 9 a.m. shot gun start, F&H Golf Course, 43355 C.R. 30, Haxtun. Two Person Best Ball Scramble. Cost $50 per person to include: Green fees, lunch, and a chance to win various prizes. (Cart rental available). Registration deadline is noon, May 31. For more information, to be a sponsor, or to register: Doug Kamery 970-466-2119 or Connie Wilkening 970-520-7890. Light of the Plains Christian Motorcycle Association — 9 a.m., Logan County Chamber of Commerce, 109 N. Front St. Narcotics Anonymous — 1:30 p.m., First Christian Church. Information: 970-520-1474. Heritage Center Dance Group — 6:30 to 10 p.m. FM Country. Cost is $7. Everyone is welcome. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 9 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Sunday, June 4 Zion Congregational Church Soup Kitchen — 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m., 5th Street and Chestnut. Come to the back door and down the stairs. Free. Meals served to anyone who is hungry and in need of a hot meal. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED Well-armed Woman meeting notes The Sterling Colorado Chapter of The Well Armed Woman held its monthly meeting on May 20 at Tri-State Tactical in Sterling.   Full Story   MORE RELATED HEADLINES Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- June 5 - June 7 Scholl Oil invests in future diesel techs   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
CLOSE Local All Local Community Bridal Fair Community Links Events Local Gas Prices Hoosier Harvest Woman of the Year Around Town Go! Guide Local News Local Sports Local Business Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Weather Mike Pence Events Nuptials Anniversaries Engagements Weddings Obituaries Magazines Record Book News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Lifestyle Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Monster Jobs Place an ad Classifieds front page Contact Us Phone and Email list About Us Advertise With Us Submissions Submit an event Submit a News Tip Submit a Letter to the Editor Submit to Around Town Submit “Take Your Best Shot” Photo Submit an Engagement Announcement Submit a Wedding Announcement Submit an Anniversary Announcement Submit to the Neighbors Page Woman of the Year Nomination Subscribe Media Partners Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Manage your account Reset your password The Republic Archives E-Edition Apps Go! Guide Around Town E-Edition Subscribe Weather Events Buy Photos Local Directory Local All Local Community Bridal Fair Community Links Events Local Gas Prices Hoosier Harvest Woman of the Year Around Town Go! Guide Local News Local Sports Local Business Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Weather Mike Pence Events Nuptials Anniversaries Engagements Weddings Obituaries Magazines Record Book News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Lifestyle Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Monster Jobs Place an ad Classifieds front page Contact Us Phone and Email list About Us Advertise With Us Submissions Submit an event Submit a News Tip Submit a Letter to the Editor Submit to Around Town Submit “Take Your Best Shot” Photo Submit an Engagement Announcement Submit a Wedding Announcement Submit an Anniversary Announcement Submit to the Neighbors Page Woman of the Year Nomination Subscribe Media Partners Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Manage your account Reset your password The Republic Archives E-Edition Apps Local News Pre-K students raise money for childhood cancer awareness By Staff Reports - 6/2/17 9:53 PM Staff Reports The Busy Bees Academy pre-kindergarten class used a lemonade stand to seek donations for a foundation that raises awareness of childhood cancer causes. The class raised $784 for Alex’s Lemonade Stand. Lemonade was sold by the students at the Busy Bees Academy art show, at the eastside Walmart and Columbus North High School. The C4 students at North assisted by building two lemonade stands. The pre-kindergarten students had the help of community sponsors, and sold raffle tickets for someone to win four Holiday World Tickets. STAY CONNECTED 20,502FansLike 229FollowersFollow 6,669FollowersFollow ABOUT US Nobody covers Columbus, Indiana and the surrounding areas like The Republic. 2980 N. National Road, Suite A, Columbus, IN 47201 Main Switchboard: (812) 372-7811 Toll Free: (800) 876-7811 Contact us: editorial@therepublic.com FOLLOW US © 2017 The Republic unless otherwise noted. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Part of the AIM Media network
Join IEEE | IEEE.org | IEEE Xplore Digital Library | IEEE Standards | IEEE Spectrum | More Sites Follow on: Advertisement × Welcome! Please log in or register to continue Login Forgot Password? Do not have an account? Create an account × Create Account Given/First name: Last/Family/Surname: Register Engineering Topics  Special Reports  Blogs  Multimedia  The Magazine  Professional Resources  Search  Energywise Energy Policy U.S. Tech Titans Vow to Resist Trump's Paris Pullout By Peter Fairley Posted 2 Jun 2017 | 16:00 GMT Win McNamee/Getty Images U.S. President Donald Trump’s Rose Garden declaration yesterday that he will pull the country out of the Paris Agreement on climate change painted the United States as an economic victim, swindled into an “unfair” deal by the global community. He is right that the world is united: Nearly 200 countries back the 2015 Paris deal, with only Syria, Nicaragua and now the U.S. opting out. But fact checkers had a field day with Trump's justification: his claim (against all evidence to the contrary) that the treaty imposes “onerous energy restrictions” on the U.S. that would beget “lost jobs, lowered wages, shuttered factories, and vastly diminished economic production.”  Nicaragua opted to stay out because it viewed the treaty's reliance on voluntary national pledges rather than binding greenhouse gas reduction targets as “a path to failure” that would allow human-caused global warming in this century to surpass the agreed limit of 1.5 to 2 degrees Celsius. Trump said yesterday he would keep the U.S. in the Paris deal only if he can renegotiate it to be weaker still, though his language belied a lack of conviction. “If we can, that’s great. If we can’t, that's fine,” equivocated Trump. The President's retreat from one the great technological challenges of the 21st Century marked a sad day for America’s innovation leaders, and a breaking point for Elon Musk. The tech titan behind such fast-growing engineering powerhouses as Tesla Motors and SpaceX insisted on Tuesday that he had worked mightily, both directly with the President and through his membership on three Presidential economic councils, to convince Trump to stick with Paris. Within minutes of Trump’s speech yesterday, Musk tweeted that he was pulling himself from Team Trump: Here are three reasons why such resistance to the U.S. retreat from climate action makes sense: (1) Climate change science is solid and scary, (2) U.S. emissions are huge, and (3) ducking a global technological challenge is not in the interest of a technological powerhouse. Reasons (1) and (2) were left unacknowledged yesterday by both Trump and his EPA Administrator, Scott Pruitt, who spoke briefly after the President. Scientists continue to struggle to specify precisely how much warming and disruption will result from a given atmospheric concentration of greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide and methane. However, there is a very strong consensus that human activity is the primary force shifting Earth's climate. And those shifts come with myriad risks, including coastal flooding, aggravated international disputes, and acidified oceans.  There is similarly little debate left about America’s responsibility for the climate change threat facing the world community. The U.S. pumps out greenhouse gases at a rate second only to China, and remains the world’s biggest climate polluter historically thanks to CO2’s roughly 100-year atmospheric lifespan. U.S.-generated greenhouse gases caused one-fifth of the 1.1 degree C rise in global temperature since the Industrial Revolution, and the U.S. alone will likely warm the entire planet by an extra 0.5 C by 2100 if its emissions do not drop as pledged at Paris, according to modeling commissioned by the Associated Press.  Climate Change Explained: @AP Science Writer Seth Borenstein (@borenbears) breaks down the role of U.S. emissions in warming the planet. pic.twitter.com/WINlLCgsJA — The Associated Press (@AP) June 1, 2017 The third reason for forging on with Paris-level climate action, despite Trump's treaty rejection, centers around U.S. industries, which Donald Trump is counting on to create jobs. Globally-successful U.S.-based businesses—be they Silicon Valley startups or mainstays such as General Electric and Westinghouse — have science and engineering in their corporate DNA. Their leaders recoil at the notion that U.S. business can not compete in a global technology challenge such as the move towards low-carbon energy systems.  Hundreds of major corporations spoke out in recent months urging Trump to stay in Paris. ExxonMobil CEO Darren Woods made a last ditch effort this week at the firm’s annual meeting, saying an orderly process for addressing climate change is in Exxon's best interest. Woods is facing pressure from global investors, who passed a resolution (over the board's objection) calling on Exxon to provide more disclosure on climate-related economic risks.  Many CEOs spoke up again yesterday in addition to Musk, including Apple's Tim Cook, Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg and Google’s Sundar Pichai as well as Jeff Immelt, GE's chairman. Immelt tweeted: “Disappointed with today’s decision on the Paris Agreement. Climate change is real. Industry must now lead and not depend on government.” Intel issued a statement saying, “Climate change is a real issue, and we firmly believe that the US should continue to participate in the Paris Climate Accord.” The statement said Trump's withdrawal would not change their investments in renewable energy, which are ramping up across corporate America. Intel is the top consumer of renewable energy in the U.S., securing 3.4 million megawatt-hours during a recent 12 month period—enough to meet 100 percent of its power needs according to EPA. Microsoft secured 3.3 million MWh, also meeting 100 percent of its power demand. Other companies including Apple, General Motors, and Wal-Mart are committed to reaching 100 percent renewable power through an alliance called the RE100. The median target date to hit 100 percent is 2024.  Outspoken attitudes and carbon-cutting action from companies such as GM and Wal-Mart show climate consciousness to be well ahead of what President Trump assumed in his discourse yesterday. Take Pittsburgh, which the President called out, declaring: “I was elected to serve the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris.” But today's Pittsburgh is not the dirty-energy poster child in need of protection from global greenies that Trump evoked.   Pittsburgh's age of coal mines and spurting oilfields has given way to a hub of energy innovation (thanks to Carnegie Mellon University and the University of Pittsburgh). It is also a hotbed for natural gas production via the hydraulic fracturing technology, helping to supply the cheap and comparatively clean-burning fuel that is shuttering U.S. coal-fired power plants and trimming U.S. greenhouse gas emissions.  The city is working towards a 20 percent reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2023 (compared with 2003 levels). Mayor Bill Peduto made it clear yesterday that he did not welcome Trump’s shout out to his city, tweeting: “As the Mayor of Pittsburgh, I can assure you that we will follow the guidelines of the Paris Agreement for our people, our economy & future.”  Learn More climate science Paris Accord Paris Agreement cleantech Donald Trump smart grid clean tech climate change demand response renewable energy Comments Comment Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="http://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a> Comments powered by Disqus Advertisement Energywise IEEE Spectrum’s energy, power, and green tech blog, featuring news and analysis about the future of energy, climate, and the smart grid. Subscribe to RSS Feed   Contributor Peter Fairley British Columbia, Canada Contributor David Wagman Denver   Newsletter Sign Up Sign up for the EnergyWise newsletter and get biweekly news on the power & energy industry, green technology, and conservation delivered directly to your inbox. Sign Up   Energy Energy Policy Defies Jobs-Versus-Environment Rhetoric Methane rules and the Paris Accord expose friction within the GOP and the Trump administration over climate and energy policy 15 May   Energy Consumers Express Community Values With Their Electricity Choices Values are personal, not necessarily logical, and when applied to electricity choices they can impact the market in unpredictable ways 11 May   Energy ARPA-E Survives Brush With Trump Administration Axe The incubator agency’s 2017 budget victory last week still says little about its fate in 2018 9 May Advertisement   Energy Energy Storage Rose From California Crisis A crisis that threatened Southern California's electric grid enabled energy storage to demonstrate its flexibility and rapid deployment 8 May   Energy How Much Does the U.S. Government Subsidize Electricity Generating Technologies? When considering only the portion of fossil fuel support that relates to electric power, renewables receive far more federal help 4 May   Energy Facing Threats, Nukes Work to Polish Their Green Cred Unfavorable market conditions are forcing some nuclear power plants to close, removing a carbon-free source of power from the U.S. grid. Plant operators are fighting back 18 Apr   Energy Will Earth’s Climate Get More Sensitive to CO2? Only Better Satellites Can Say A mathematical rethink suggests that carbon dioxide will warm Earth more in the future than it does today. But better satellites—such as those Trump wants to scrap—are needed to reduce climate uncertainty 17 Apr   Energy Commentary: Photo Ops with Coal Miners Offer No Substitute for Fact-Based Climate Policy The sweeping attack on climate action that President Trump demanded in his executive order is likely to prove but short-lived relief for coal miners who cheered him at the EPA 29 Mar   Energy Impact of Renewable Generation on Operational Reserves Requirement: When More Could Be Less How changes in regulations allowed wind power to increase in Texas without increasing operational reserves 23 Mar   Energy President Trump Needs an Engineering Adviser The new president could use advice from a practical problem solver 22 Mar   Energy Trump Dumps Climate Science and Innovation in 2018 Budget Blueprint President Donald Trump outlined a fiscal 2018 budget request that asks Congress to stamp out federal climate science and slash investment in energy innovation 17 Mar   Energy Is This Twilight for the Golden Age of Earth Observation? NASA’s new geosensing satellites may be on the chopping block. The timing could hardly be worse 9 Mar   Energy Full Cost of Electricity: Modeling Natural Gas Prices Offers Insight for Future Fuel Prices Market-calibrated forecasts for natural gas prices show historical trends, bode well for future updates with recent data sets 7 Mar   Energy How EPA Calculates the Cost of Environmental Compliance for Electricity Generators The EPA approaches this task differently for greenhouse gases than for other pollutants 23 Feb   Energy What Role Do Household Incomes Play in the Full Cost of Electricity? Texas, a microcosm of the United States, shows that many households spend a fair fraction of their income on electricity 14 Feb   Energy Congress to Curtail Methane Monitoring Deregulation actions by congressional Republicans may undercut innovative sensor technology by quashing methane detection at oil and gas sites 13 Feb   Energy NuScale Reactor Nears One Milestone, With More to Follow After 17 years, and reams of technical documents, regulators may now start the process of certifying the design 10 Feb   Energy Pressure on Japan’s Government to Revamp Country's Energy Mix Slow nuclear restart and lukewarm reception for electricity deregulation is forcing an energy mix rethink 10 Feb   Energy How Do We Estimate Transmission Costs for New Generation? Overlook the cost to move power to the detriment of your renewable energy project 8 Feb   Energy How to Predict a Utility’s Transmission and Distribution Costs: Count the Customers The number of customers found in a utility’s territory, not how much energy is delivered to them, is the best predictor of annual transmission, distribution, and administration costs 1 Feb Topics Aerospace At Work Biomedical Computing Energy Gadgets Geek Life Green Tech Robotics Semiconductors Telecom Transportation Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ RSS IEEE Spectrum Contact Us About Newsletters Reprints & Permissions IEEE Partners Advertising & Media Center IEEE Job Site Buyer’s Guide The Magazine Subscribe Now Digital Download © Copyright 2017 IEEE Spectrum Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Opting Out of Cookies | Accessibility | Nondiscrimination Policy Join IEEE About IEEE Conferences & Events Education & Careers Membership & Services Publications and Standards Societies & Communities © Copyright 2017 IEEE — All rights reserved. Use of this Web site signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions. A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.
News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Obituaries Opinion Sports Sports Angels Dodgers Chargers Rams Ducks Kings Lakers OC Varsity Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf OC Varsity OC Varsity Football Basketball Baseball Softball Soccer Tennis Volleyball Recruiting Swimming Water Polo Track and Field Cross Country Wrestling Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books Best of Orange County Newsletter Signup E-edition Subscribe + Subscriber Services News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Obituaries Opinion Sports Sports Angels Dodgers Chargers Rams Ducks Kings Lakers OC Varsity Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf OC Varsity OC Varsity Football Basketball Baseball Softball Soccer Tennis Volleyball Recruiting Swimming Water Polo Track and Field Cross Country Wrestling Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books Best of Orange County The California caste system Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: 2017 graduations 50 free summer things Rehab investigation Shark news Vote for Best of O.C. 2017 Opinion The California caste system Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar An Indian women along with her child rests at on a pavement in Hyderabad, India, Thursday, Jan. 30, 2014. By Jon Coupal | June 3, 2017 at 12:03 am After the Legislature imposed billions of dollars in new car and gas taxes on Californians last month, a friend emailed me to register his disappointment and disgust: “It’s like we live in an apartheid society where the politically powerful live in luxury and laugh at the working people of our state.” Sadly, his point is accurate. The separation between the ruling class and the rest of Californians is becoming more extreme by the day. So much so, in fact, that California is beginning to resemble a society based on a caste system, meaning a formal structure of social stratification (usually associated with India) deriving from the hereditary division of the population into the highest caste (Brahmins) and various castes below. California’s high cast Brahmins reside primarily in coastal enclaves including the San Francisco Bay Area, Santa Barbara, Malibu and the west side of Los Angeles but they are also numerous in the Silicon Valley and Hollywood. These elites tend to be high income or wealthy and can afford to separate themselves from the trials and tribulations suffered by average citizens. This immunity from “real world” problems allows them to obsess about issues like bathroom access, climate change or the president’s hair. They lack respect or compassion for less fortunate citizens and, if truth be known, they find those outside their caste to be annoying. And a gas tax? This tax to them is nothing when they can avoid paying it by plugging in their $120,000, taxpayer subsidized Teslas. And if their cars do run on gas, they never even bother to check the price. These are folks who wouldn’t be caught dead in a Walmart. Next in the caste hierarchy are the politicians and members of government employee unions. While the Brahmans may help to elect the politicians, as do the unions, this second tier caste is much less secure because they still have to scrounge for financial advantage. The unions — representing the highest compensated state and local workers in all 50 states — are constantly seeking more pay and benefits. And because the politicians are constantly trying to consolidate and expand their influence, they establish a symbiotic relationship with the unions to keep campaign contributions rolling in that guarantee reelection. (Some electeds, who have spent years living off the taxpayers’ dime, genuinely fear they may not be qualified for work in the private sector and so will do almost anything to keep a grip on power.) These politicians will parrot the concerns of the Brahmins about matters like the environment, but they do not have a committed belief system. They trip all over themselves in their rush to make environmental law exceptions for projects like stadiums that are backed by wealthy interests or unions in a position to secure or advance the politicians’ careers. The next rank on the scale of who’s who in California are the non-working poor. While the upper classes do not want to rub elbows with them, they are regarded as useful because their votes can be purchased through extensive entitlement programs that are paid for by the very lowest class. On the very bottom rung of the stature ladder, the equivalent of the Indian’s “Untouchables,” are working Californians, and the lowest of these workers is anyone who labors at a job that requires perspiration — these are regarded as little more than beasts of burden. When the elites bother to consider members of the working class, they regard them as a source of tax revenue and little more. Ideally, to their way of thinking, they exist to pay taxes and not make waves. A massive new gas tax adding to the burden of working Californians? Why it is just the price of being able to share a beautiful state and great weather with their social betters. Jon Coupal is president of the Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Association. Get the latest news delivered daily! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Rare sight: Killer whales put on show off local waters The coming Democratic civil war 5 unconscious juveniles found in Santa Ana park Concours car show draws hundreds to Huntington Beach Santa Ana mosque members break Ramadan fast with tacos Cancer patient evicted from home of 25 years despite paying the rent See the best moments from the 2017 high school graduations in Orange County Photos: Orange County high school valedictorians for the class of 2017 Costa Mesa home burglary suspect arrested after resident gets alert, sees video Make America Great Again organizers march at Mile Square Park in Fountain Valley Customers escape clothing store fire in Corona del Mar Sunday afternoon Man accused of sexual relationship with 13-year-old Fullerton girl Tags:  Guest Commentary Jon Coupal View Comments Join the Conversation We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com. blog comments powered by Disqus More in Opinion Half-baked single-payer health plan amounts to political stunt Trump and the Paris accord Huntington Beach tries to squelch democratic reform The coming Democratic civil war Live Traffic Map Weather Corrections Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS About Us About Us Contact Us About SCNG Work with Us Company Store RSS Feeds Advertising Sections Cars Classified Jobs Real Estate Knowledge Cafe Top Workplaces Deals How to Advertise with us Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kits Advertising Contact Information How to find us on other platforms Newsletter Signup Mobile Apps E-edition Current Newspaper Ads Weekly E-editions Site Map Subscriber services Customer Service Subscribe Reader Rewards Partners Coast Magazine OC Family Southland Golf The Cannifornian Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Local National Diaspora Entertainment Commentary Sports Style Beauty Health Contests Advertise Contact Us 12:21 AM / Monday June 5, 2017 Subscribe! Home Local National Diaspora Entertainment Commentary Sports Style Beauty Health Contests 3 Jun 2017 Savvy Senior: Best bicycles for aging baby boomers June 3, 2017 Category: Seniors Posted by: Philadelphia Sun Staff Dear Savvy Senior, My husband and I are interested in getting a couple of bicycles for leisurely exercise and fun, and would like to get your recommendation. We’re both approaching 60 and are a little overweight, and it’s been a while since we rode. Easy Riders Dear Easy, If you’re interested in leisurely, recreational riding for fitness and fun, a great option is a “comfort bike,” which is very popular among baby boomers. Here’s what you should know about this option, along with some tips to help you shop and choose. Comfort Bikes A comfort bike is a style of bicycle that’s easy on an aging body because it lets you ride in a more comfortable upright position. These bikes have high handlebars so you don’t have to hunch over, which eases lower-back strain and reduces pressure on the wrists and hands. They also come with wide tires for a smooth ride, offer fewer gears, and have soft, wide seats to eliminate saddle soreness. Most comfort bikes also come with shock-absorbing forks and seat posts for additional comfort. And some offer unique design features like an ultra low step-over bar that makes getting on and off easy for people with limited flexibility (like the Biria Easy Boarding at Biria.com), or the “flat-foot” design offered by many manufacturers where the pedals are moved forward, away from the seat. This allows you to get a full-leg extension when you pedal, but keeps the seat in a lower position so when you’re stopped, you can put your feet down flat on the ground while seated, which is a great safety feature for older riders. Most major manufacturers including Electra, Sun, Raleigh, GT, Giant, and Trek all make a line of comfort bikes that costs between $300 and $800 or more depending on its features. Shopping Tips To find a quality comfort bike, your best option is to find a good bike shop in your area. Bikes from big box stores, like Walmart and Target, are mass-market bikes that may be less expensive, but the quality isn’t as good and they’re typically seven to eight pounds heaver. They also come in only one size, so you’re not likely to get a great fit. Before you buy any bike, be sure you take it for a test ride first to ensure that the seat and fit of the bike is comfortable, the brakes and shifters are easy to use, the gears can go low enough for climbing hills, and the frame and suspension adequately smooth the bumps. Recumbent Bikes If the comfort bikes don’t meet your needs, another popular style among older riders is a recumbent bike. These are the low-to-the-ground, stretched-out frame bikes with La-Z-Boy style seats that allow you to recline with your legs positioned in front of you. Recumbent bikes are very comfy, easy on the back, arms and shoulders, and aerodynamic which make them ideal for long rides. The disadvantages, because they are low-to-the-ground, they can be harder to balance and maneuver, and are more difficult for other vehicles to see. If you worry about falling or want more stability when you ride consider a three-wheel recumbent trike.  See SunSeeker.bike and TerraTrike.com for a nice variety, but be aware that recumbent bikes are more expensive, typically ranging between $1,000 and $2,500. Send your senior questions to: Savvy Senior, P.O. Box 5443, Norman, OK 73070, or visit SavvySenior.org. Jim Miller is a contributor to the NBC Today show and author of “The Savvy Senior” book. Related Posts Savvy Senior: Should all baby boomers get tested for Hepatitis C? Savvy Senior: How to create a safe ‘Aging-in-Place’ home Hepatitis C: A silent epidemic among baby boomers Leave a Comment Categories Beauty Color Of Money Commentary Diaspora Education Entertainment Food And Beverage Freedom Quest Go With The-Flo Health Horoscopes Local National Oasis Politics Seniors Sports Stateside Style Sun Blog Sun Report Travel Week In Review Recent News Oasis God is doing this thing HIS way June 3, 2017 By Dianna Hobbs On Sunday morning, I stood behind the podium and wept. I tried to pull... Seniors Savvy Senior: Best bicycles for aging baby boomers June 3, 2017 Dear Savvy Senior, My husband and I are interested in getting a couple of bicycles for leisurely... Beauty Trade professionals flock to International Hair and Beauty Show’s 25th season June 3, 2017 By Leah Fletcher If you’re a hairstylist, barber or other beauty professional, what could be more fulfilling... Horoscopes SUNscopes for the week of June 4 June 3, 2017 By Georgia Nicols All Signs: This week two planets change signs. Mercury, the winged messenger to the... Color Of Money Obama Presidential Center envisioned as economic engine to revitalize Chicago’s South Side June 3, 2017 By Frederick H. Lowe TriceEdneyWire.com Former President Barack Obama and former First Lady Michelle Obama showed off... Entertainment Jarran Muse tells us ‘What’s Going On’ with “Motown: The Musical” June 3, 2017 By Kharisma McIlwaine Motown … describing an era of music that is timeless. Originally founded in 1959... The Philadelphia Sunday Sun Staff Stay Up-To-Date Get The Philadelphia Sun In Your Inbox Home Local Entertainment Sports In Theaters NOW Commentary Follow Us The Philadelphia Sunday SUN - 6661-63 Germantown Ave., Philadelphia, PA 19119 - Phone (215) 848-7864 - Fax (215) 848-7893 Managing Editor Teresa A. Emerson - taesun@philasun.com Leah Fletcher, Account Executive
RSS Email Follow us Facebook About Press Release Writing Press Release Distribution Submit Your Press Release Advertise Contact Chicago Press Release Services Chicago's leading press release newswire service; professional press release services, press release distribution and newswire services. Featured Local News Business Entertainment Lifestyle Politics Press Releases Sci & Health Sports Technology Sunday, June 04, 2017, 11:21 PM ,  You are here:Home Local News Slain Uber Driver Honored With Funeral Procession 0 Slain Uber Driver Honored With Funeral Procession Published on June 2, 2017 After Uber driver Grant Nelson was murdered earlier this week, fellow rideshare drivers honored his memory with a funeral procession on Friday afternoon.  “This could have been any one of us,” Emma Fine, the rideshare contractor who organized the procession said. “It hits home, it hits our daily life, and our income. We needed some way to show our support.”  According to authorities, 16-year old Eliza Wasni, a passenger in Nelson’s car, used weapons allegedly stolen from a nearby Wal-Mart to fatally stab Nelson, who was pronounced dead at St. Francis Hospital Tuesday morning.  After the tragedy, rideshare drivers were faced with a sobering reminder of what couild go wrong while they’re on duty, and Fine was one of the drivers taking extra precautions in the wake of the slaying.  Fine told NBC 5 that she recently installed a video camera in her car, and she hopes that it will be a deterrent against any type of violence.  Published 6 hours ago | Updated 5 hours ago Published in: Local News Recent Posts Bryce Harper Interested in Signing With Cubs: Report Candlelight Vigil Will Honor Slain Uber Driver Sunday Teenager’s Love of Pizza Earns Her College Acceptance Letter Good Samaritan Saves Driver in Dramatic Dixon Rescue Upton Home Run Dooms White Sox Sunday London Residents in Chicago React to Terror Attacks Chicago Woman Arrested for Battery, Resisting Arrest 2 Women, Infant Killed in Joliet House Fire Police Officer, Suspect Shot on Chicago’s South Side Missing Paddlers Rescued After Writing ‘SOS’ in Sand Bookmark and Promote! Retweet this post on Twitter Like this post on Facebook StumbleUpon this post Digg this post Bookmark on del.icio.us Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website Submit Comment Latest News Bryce Harper Interested in Signing With Cubs: Report Candlelight Vigil Will Honor Slain Uber Driver Sunday Teenager’s Love of Pizza Earns Her College Acceptance Letter Good Samaritan Saves Driver in Dramatic Dixon Rescue Upton Home Run Dooms White Sox Sunday News Categories Business Entertainment Environment Featured Legacy Press Releases Lifestyle Local News Politics Press Releases Sci & Health Sports Technology wire © 2017 Chicago Press Release Services. All rights reserved. XHTML / CSS Valid.
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Rising deportations to Somalia raise concerns in Minnesota Twelve arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Does Comey have one more bombshell to reveal on Russia-Trump collusion? As federal order expires, Anoka-Hennepin school district faces new battles Rich Americans delaying tax bills may hasten debt ceiling debate In Yanez jury selection, criteria for ideal jurors 'totally reversed' Twins top Angels 3-2 behind Miguel Sano, Jose Berrios and stout bullpen Julianne Hough gets fans moving in a pop-up visit to Minneapolis yoga studio The Drive: Why troopers, not cameras, are catching HOV lane cheats Canadian man mows lawn with tornado behind him Review: Learning to party the laidback Tom Petty way next South Metro 426058453 South metro police blotter, June 4 June 2, 2017 — 11:13pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint JORDAN MAY 6 Drunken driving. An officer stopped a moped after witnessing numerous driving violations on Aberdeen Avenue and Ridge Street. The 37-year-old male driver was found to be under the influence of alcohol and was arrested for drunken driving. LAKEVILLE WEEK OF APRIL 30-MAY 6 Theft. A package was stolen from the front steps of a home on the 16000 block of Grove Trail. Domestic assault. Officers responded to a report of domestic violence at a park on the 9700 block of 201st St. W. A male and female were fighting while driving. The two were biting one another. An 18-year-old man was arrested for domestic assault and the 17-year-old girl was cited. Disturbance. Officers responded to Baldy’s BBQ, 11276 210th St. W., on a report that an unruly customer threw a drink glass at the bartender. The suspect fled to his hotel room and refused to answer the door. WEEK OF MAY 7-13 Theft. A skid loader was stolen from a construction site near 190th Street and Highview Avenue. It was located and returned to the owner. PRIOR LAKE APRIL 29 Burglary. Officers responded to a burglary in progress on the 2900 block of Mniowe Trail. A 33-year-old Coon Rapids man was arrested for burglary. Property damage. A United States Postal Service truck’s front window was damaged by a golf ball at Franklin Trail and Eagle Creek Avenue. APRIL 30 Disturbance. A 40-year-old Blaine man was arrested for disorderly conduct following a disturbance at Mystic Lake Casino, 2400 Mystic Lake Blvd. MAY 2 Drugs. A 38-year-old Maple Grove man was arrested for possession of a stolen check, possession of a forged check with intent to defraud, possession of a controlled substance, possession of stolen property, possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia at Mystic Lake Casino, 2400 Mystic Lake Blvd. Assault. A 54-year-old Prior Lake man was arrested for assault with a dangerous weapon at a home on the 2500 block of Spring Lake Road. Also arrested was a 52-year-old Prior Lake woman for obstructing the legal process. A 17-year-old girl was cited for obstructing the legal process and minor consumption of alcohol. MAY 3 Theft. Rocks were stolen from the yard of a home on the 5900 block of Cedarwood Street. MAY 5 Burglary. A computer and watch were stolen from a home on the 14500 block of Prairie Grass Drive NW. SHAKOPEE MAY 2 Drugs. A 25-year-old Savage man was arrested for obstruction, open bottle in a motor vehicle, possession of marijuana, possession of drug paraphernalia and running a stop sign following a traffic stop at Wal-Mart, 8101 Old Carriage Court. The passenger, a 19-year-old Stillwater woman, was cited for underage consumption of alcohol. MAY 4 Underage consumption. A 20-year-old Prior Lake man was cited for underage consumption of alcohol and arrested on a warrant at Coneflower Lane and Bulrush Boulevard. An 18-year-old Shakopee woman was cited for underage possession of alcohol. Underage consumption. An 18-year-old Cokato woman was cited for underage consumption of alcohol at Canterbury Card Club, 1100 Canterbury Road MAY 6 Obstruction. A 19-year-old Woodbury man was arrested for obstruction, disorderly conduct and underage consumption of alcohol at Canterbury Park, 1100 Canterbury Road. MAY 9 Theft. A 41-year-old Shakopee woman was arrested for theft at Target, 1685 17th Av. Susan Hilliard • 612-673-7131 An arrest or citation means police suspect a crime has occurred; they are allegations and still must go before a judge. Items are selected from reports made to police departments and are not intended to provide a comprehensive picture of crime. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } Star Tribune Recommends Your ultimate guide to 45 books to read this summer Twelve arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Does Comey have one more bombshell to reveal on Russia-Trump collusion? Woman killed in Mpls. hit-and-run was Minnesota Chorale singer Twins top Angels 3-2 behind Miguel Sano, Jose Berrios and stout bullpen Rising deportations to Somalia raise concerns in Minnesota South metro police blotter, Jan. 8 South metro police blotter, Oct.30 South metro police blotter Dakota County police blotter West metro police blotter More From Local Local 21 minutes ago Oshkosh police search for escaped inmate Authorities in eastern Wisconsin are searching for a 29-year-old inmate who escaped from prison. Minneapolis 33 minutes ago Minneapolis Park Board seeks donated swimwear for children in need It's part of an overall goal to reduce the drowning rate. Local 34 minutes ago Worker sentenced to Twin Cities highway cleanup chases after dog, injured by car A member of a work crew chased after a dog along Interstate 94 in Minneapolis late Sunday morning and was slightly hurt by a car,… Local 52 minutes ago In Yanez jury selection, criteria for ideal jurors 'totally reversed' When a cop is on trial, lawyers forgo convention. North Metro 9:53pm As federal order expires, Anoka-Hennepin school district faces new battles The Anoka-Hennepin School District is closing a dark chapter in its history. The Department of Justice placed the district under a consent decree in 2012… Top Stories Rising deportations to Somalia raise concerns in Minnesota 9:17pm Twelve arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack 9:14pm Does Comey have one more bombshell to reveal on Russia-Trump collusion? 7:59pm Most Read Six-year-old dies in apparent drowning in Lake Elmo • South Metro Muslim group seeks investigation after incident with Apple Valley High student, staff • South Metro St. Olaf: Racist note that spurred student protests was 'fabricated' • South Metro Dakota County college to offer state's first brewing certificate • South Metro Flood of solar garden applications leaves some counties wary • South Metro World Twelve arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack 2 lions, freed from circuses, are poached in South Africa Nation Excerpts from Cosby's explosive 2005-06 deposition Suspect in Portland attack made life about hate after prison Politics Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Why the GOP reversed its views on climate change markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Twins Twins top Angels 3-2 behind Miguel Sano, Jose Berrios and stout bullpen Sixteen years after No. 1 pick, no regrets for Twins or Joe Mauer Vikings Bradford knows Bridgewater comeback would complicate his Vikings future Hartman: Wright pushes on after mostly invisible season for Vikings MN United Minnesota United gets time to rest, regain lost edge Heath fumes after United 'outfought, outplayed, outrun' at KC Celebrities Bill Maher apologizes for using racial slur on 'Real Time' after backlash Ariana Grande surprises Manchester bombing victims in the hospital Super Bowl LII Local small businesses fight for a chance to cash in on Super Bowl LII Minneapolis scrubs its records to hide site of Super Bowl command center poll Poll: Who do you think is the most popular pro athlete in Minnesota? 10,000 Takes I divorced my husband but forged a lasting bond with his ex-wife Can the 'No Buy' challenge cure my shopping habit? Featured Gallery Wander with the Kangaroos at new Mn. Zoo exhibit 23 photos At the new Minnesota Zoo Kangaroo exhibit there are no barriers limiting interaction. ... Featured Video 75 years later, a casualty of Pearl Harbor comes home 01:46 Seventy-five years after Glaydon I.C. Iverson was killed aboard the USS Oklahoma ... Magazine Floodgates are about to open on Prince's career after death MPR's Cathy Wurzer talks about life, death and Mountain Dew StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
GoSearch Replay: News at 11 News 3 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WTKR.com Menu News Good News Health Taking Action Sports Coast Live Contests Team 3 Events WGNT Traffic Weather 72° 72° Low 71° High 88° Mon 68° 82° Tue 63° 79° Wed 61° 75° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Driver apprehended after Newport News police chase Posted 11:36 pm, June 2, 2017, by Web Staff, Updated at 09:03AM, June 3, 2017 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email NEWPORT NEWS, Va. – Police took a driver into custody after a police pursuit Friday night. Around 9:30 p.m., Newport News Police officers were following a stolen 2015 Ford Expedition. NNPD requested the State Police’s assistance in stopping the vehicle, state police said. State Troopers came in contact with the vehicle on westbound I-64 near Jefferson Avenue, where a short pursuit ensued. The driver, 20-year-old Oliver Copeland, fled to the Walmart on Jefferson Avenue, just off the interstate, and abandoned the vehicle running on foot, according to police. Copeland was apprehended and charged with felony eluding, felony possession of stolen property, driving while suspended, possession of marijuana, and reckless driving. He is currently being held in jail without bond. Police said there was no damage to any vehicles involved and no injuries reported.   Filed in: News Topics: Newport News, police pursuit Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email The News 3 App Center Get the latest news and live radar on your phone! Popular Citizens in one Virginia town warned to boil water indefinitely Man dies after swimming with new tattoo NASA postpones early light show from rocket launch at NASA Wallops Local police departments warn card holders of skimmers on ATMs and gas pumps Latest News First Warning Forecast: Tracking showers and storms to start your work week Former dog owner says she warned FHRC of pit bull’s aggression before it killed a 91-year-old woman ODU Football brings out top-tier schools for College Exposure camp Man stabbed after verbal altercation in Virginia Beach News Four teens, two adults arrested in Newport News stolen vehicle incidents News Newport News man arrested after crashing during State Police pursuit News Police chase stolen vehicle in Newport News News Virginia State Police Trooper’s vehicle hit by tractor-trailer during traffic stop News Driver charged in chase from Norfolk into Chesapeake says he believed his life was in danger News Suffolk man arrested after police pursuit for third DUI offense, other charges News Hampton Police pursuit ends in crash; Suspect arrested News Four apprehended in Chesapeake after stolen car chase News Suspect arrested in hit-and-run crash that killed Gloucester woman in York County News Several teens arrested in connection to Suffolk car break-ins News Watch: Vigil held for Virginia State Police Special Agent fatally shot in Richmond News 4 people in custody after police chase from Norfolk to Chesapeake News Arrest made, additional suspect wanted in Hampton shooting Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App WTKR Weather Android App WTKR Weather iPhone App Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 720 Boush Street, Norfolk, VA 23510 • Copyright © 2017, WTKR • A Dreamcatcher station operated by Tribune Broadcasting • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Ratehacker: June's Best Credit Card, Savings Account And Home Loan Deals Dealhacker: 500GB Xbox One S Bundle For $299, Includes 2 Free Games Ebay Australia's Biggest Sale Ever Is On Now Hump Day Deals: Cheap Sony TVs, EOFY Tech Sale, Half-Price Snow Gear Home 5 Useful Things To Do With Your Microwave How To Build A Smart Home That Works How To Revive Dead Flowers 3-Ingredient Happy Hour: A Morning Martini Entertainment 8 Classic Games Actually Worth Playing On Your Phone Facebook Really Wants You To Say 'Hello' To Your Friends Find The Perfect Soundtrack For Any Book Deals: Get This VPN For 90% Off Travel Ask LH: Are Drones Being Banned In Australia? Travel Hacker: Use The Qantas App To Find Hotels, Adventures, Cars And Great Offers The Complete Guide To Fixing Your Car's Paintjob Why You Should Give Your Car A Crappy Paint Job Health Is Alkaline Water Just A Way Of Making Expensive Pee? The Benefits And Risks Of Lucid Dreaming Nike-Funded Study Shows Compression Tights Are Basically Useless What To Worry About This Week: Phones, Caffeine And Meditation Design Need Selfie Tips? Ask A Neural Network With This App, You Can Finally Trust Photos Again  Sketchar Is An Augmented-Reality App For Wannabe Graffiti Artists How To Upgrade Your Computer's Login Screen Work Productivity Stop Chrome Crippling Your PC On Restart With Native Lazy Tabs The Best Stuff To Do On The Google Homepage (That Isn't Googling) Why It's Worth Paying For An Office Instead Of Working From Home I'm Eric O'Neill, Former Counterterrorism Operative, And This Is How I Work  Communicate Optus To Refund Prepaid Customers After Secretly Cutting Data Inclusions Here Are 17 More 'Pirate' Sites Foxtel Is Banning In Australia How The Promise Of The NBN Fell Short For So Many Australians How To Abandon iOS And Switch To Android Organise Seven Phone Recycling Tips For World Environment Day Last Week's 10 Biggest Posts Export Your Bookmarks From Delicious To Pinboard (Or Anywhere Else) The Best Online Videos Of The Week Career How To Clean Up Your Social Media Presence How To Maintain Your Skills During A Career Hiatus Are Robots Going To Steal Your Job? The Best Way To Follow Up After A Job Interview Business Travel US Visa Applications Now 'Request' Social Media Information Lounge Hacker: Ten Airport Lounges You Need To Experience At Least Once Uber Price Hike: Here's How Much More You'll Pay In Each Australian City Travel Alert: Massive Flight Delays At Sydney Airport Security Experts Speak: How Trump's Paris Accord Exit Hurts Us All Ask LH: Am I Allowed To Booby Trap My Thumb Drive? How To Snoop-Proof Any Phone Or Tablet Twitter Changed Their Privacy Policy, So Update Your Settings Small Business & Startups How I Succeeded: GO1.com's Andrew Barnes Five One-Hour Routines That Will Improve Your Life As A Freelancer Australian Small Business Tax Calendar: Key Dates For 2016/2017 The Deceptively Simple Workspace IT Pro Cloud OpenStack Foundation Says We Are At A Cloud Tipping Point Outlook Email Down: Hope You Can Still Get To MySpace Microsoft To Use DNA To Store Data In The Cloud Microsoft Reduces Azure Pricing IT Career How To Deal With Weird Job Interview Questions I'm Calling BS On The IT Skills Shortage Intel Australia Looking For A New Boss ACS Report Finds ICT Benefits Under Threat IT Security Trello Scrambles To Rescue Users Who Foolishly Used Its Service To Store Passwords Roundup: The Best iOS VPN Solutions OneLogin Data Breach May Have Revealed Encrypted Data Have You Been Impacted By The OneLogin Breach? Developer Deals: Learn How To Program For Over 90% Off .NET Standard 2.0, Summarised In A Giant Microsoft Poster AlphaGo Just Trounced Humanity's Last Hope Grab 36 Free O'Reilly Programming eBooks Covering Python, Java And C++ Deployment How Amazon Australia Will Affect Existing Supply Chains Microsoft Teases Windows 10 Pro For Advanced PCs What We Can Learn From The Failure Of Windows Vista Retailers Are Already Feeling The Amazon Pinch Servers Get 12 Linux And Open Source eBooks For $US15 In Humble's Book Bundle Companies Are Creating So Much Data, It Has To Be Shipped In Trucks Synology Boosts VM Support With New Virtual Machine Manager Here's One Way To Build A Cheap Mini NAS Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers Seven Phone Recycling Tips For World Environment Day How Amazon Australia Will Affect Existing Supply Chains Here Are 17 More 'Pirate' Sites Foxtel Is Banning In Australia Deals: Learn How To Program For Over 90% Off Why You Should Give Your Car A Crappy Paint Job Maggie Stiefvater Jun 3, 2017, 12:30pm ⋅ Filed to:  Australian Stories cars diy driving jalopnik painting Share Images: Jalopnik / Maggie Stiefvater Fifty strangers were lined up to spray paint my car. The car, my heavily modified and long suffering Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution X, was served up like a sacrifice on the curb of a closed down street. The headlights were taped over so that the car couldn’t see what was about to happen. A tarp was spread beneath its tires to catch the blood. On the concrete were a dozen rattle-cans of paint in several shades of taste the rainbow. I delivered instructions to the waiting strangers. No proper nouns, brands, or hashtags. Express yourself, not someone else. Promise me with this tag to be yourself loudly and strangely. Don’t get paint on my exhaust. “Okay, go.” They okay went. Pedestrians stopped to stare as the painters crouched by the wheels and leaned over the spoiler and climbed on the hood. Paint misted and dribbled and smeared. The best of it was Technicolor graffiti. The worst of it was sort of chunky. After they were done, my friends and I peeled off the tape and paper. I wadded up the tarp and stuffed it in my trunk next to the subwoofer. Chucked the rattle cans on top of that. The inside of the car smelled like it had earned a label warning of cancer, but I got behind the wheel anyway. I had a seven-hour drive home and time waits for no one. As I headed out of town, a man in the lane adjacent rolled down his window, his eyes on the still-wet paint. “That’s fucked up,” he told me. He said it that way where it might have been a good thing, depending on what one’s feelings were on being fucked up. It wasn’t the worst thing I had ever visited upon this car, though. I hit it up with Plasti-dip and some stencils not long after I got it. I later let some of my readers Plasti-dip it outside a church in Kansas City. I rubbed and peeled that off with gasoline and found that readers hadn’t just Plasti-dipped it, they’d Sharpie-d it, and that shit doesn’t come off. I designed a wrap to cover the crappy paint. I dipped the rims, I tinted the lights, I swapped the engine, I drove it off-road, I set it on fire—were it not for all that it’d be a perfect Craigslist buy. A 60,000 mile single-owner car with all maintenance records available. This crowd-sourced paint job was not the ugliest thing, just the most recent. I thought people would hate it. That was the idea, actually. The entire thing was supposed to be a concrete thought exercise on the enduring joys of being yourself even if other people just didn’t get it. In my experience, it was not difficult to create a hateable automotive aesthetic. Compared to other products we consume, automobiles have an incredibly narrow band of customization. Clothing, handbags, and backpacks come in every color and print and shape. Couches come in every texture and pattern. You can get a socially acceptable butter dish painted in Celtic knots or shaped like a pig. Light fixtures range from austere to Beetlejuice. But there are few floral Volkswagens or polka-dotted Nissans. Automotive culture tells us that Porsche seats can be tartan, but Porsches themselves cannot. Manufacturers offer cars in a range of solid colors, with neutrals winning all popularity contests. Patterns are generally limited to a series of traditional stripes. Interiors come in a paucity of colors, sometimes with options for tasteful pin-striping or inserts. Rims come standard in all the same colors as Olympic medals and sometimes, if you’re feeling a little sith, black. Spoiler options tend to be yes or no. There are, of course, an enormous number of aftermarket things one can do to customize a car. From vinyl wraps to bumper stickers, custom interiors to custom fabricated body panels, every part of a car can be altered by an owner willing to undertake such a task. Fluttering headlight eyelashes can blink whimsy at strangers while opaque rear window decals shout your love of Aerosmith to anyone who pulls up too close behind you. Custom paint is expensive, but Sharpies are cheap. Really, you can do anything. But most people don’t. 73 percent of cars sold in Australia are black, white, silver, or grey. There are a variety of financial reasons for this — you can’t mess with a car you lease, and if you intend to resell quickly, customisation only hurts you — but finances aren’t what are keeping the majority of vehicles looking stock. There’s this quote about how the average U.S. consumer spends $2,000 in customisation or options in the first year of purchase, but practically that just translates to nicer rims, not tiger stripes. Outside of car culture, we mostly buy it in grey and keep it that way. We have a very narrow definition of what is socially acceptable for a car’s appearance. Do anything outside that, and be prepared for raised eyebrows or outright derision. I knew all this before I painted my car. I just didn’t know why it was true. Why is mainstream America so bold in our other aesthetic choices and so meek in our automotive ones? But I found that the reactions to my Evo’s new chaotic livery surprised me. Unlike all of my previous playful experimentations, people mostly . . . liked it. Some people seemed to really like it. At a certain point, it seems one passes through an ugly-event-horizon and reaches a new place of funky charm, like those dogs with extremely flat faces but nice smiles. At some point you break the rules so thoroughly they just don’t apply. I was not committing a fashion faux pas. I was wearing a rabbit suit to work. The first is awkward for everyone. The second is odd but fun—to watch, not to try. People were delighted that I’d let the Evo be benevolently vandalized, but they were not about to start shaking paint cans for their own vehicles. “This car is so you,” one of my friends told me. He said it in that way where it might have been a good thing, depending on what one’s feelings were on me being me. He followed up with sentences I would soon grow used to hearing: “I love it. But I wouldn’t drive it. No one would forget it.” That was the point. It put me in mind of an early review of the Ford Focus RS. The review expounded upon the car’s nimble handling, its sprightly pickup, how fun it was to drive. In the comments, however, dozens of commenters said that the car sounded great, but that it looked too memorable for them to be interested. That neon blue paint, that aggressive aero kit—if they parked the RS in their in-laws’ driveway, they said, the neighbors would never forget. If they passed someone in traffic, drivers would remember. If they parked in front of a store, people would note the car there. Better, the comments concluded, to get a sleeper. Something anonymous and fast that could pass through the world unseen, something that didn’t tell people anything about you. Something quiet. Preferably in black, white, silver, or gray. The spray-painted Evo was the opposite of quiet. What’s the opposite of a sleeper? Awake? I was fascinated. Wanting to know if it was just a car-culture thing, I asked my followers on social media if they would drive a spray-painted car. Hundreds of replies poured in. Nearly all of them were variations on a theme: Even if they thought the car was incredibly cool, they didn’t want the attention an unusual car would generate. They didn’t want to be judged. They didn’t want to be scrutinized. They didn’t want to be engaged. More than anything, they didn’t want to be looked at, period. It was fine for me to wear the rabbit suit to work, but they would stick with business casual, thanks. If you do something unusual, people will notice you everywhere you go. Well, they’re not wrong. “Cool paint job, bro.” Another gas station, another admirer. The man fit his hand into the spray-painted handprint on the fender, and then he observed, “But you can never cut anybody off.” But I can. The paint job doesn’t keep me from driving like an asshole. It just makes sure everyone remembers it. In this car, my sins aren’t hidden. Nothing really is, actually. You’ll remember seeing my car in the Walmart parking lot. You can tell it was me parked in the emergency department lot. You saw me tidily parallel park just a few minutes ago. Yes, that was me pulled over by a cop on the turnpike. Yes, it was also me lost downtown, circling the block four times. Yes, it was me you remembered from that race years ago. Yes, I’m that author with the spray-painted car. Yes, you’ve seen me around. That’s me, that’s me, that’s me. In the spray-painted Evo, I can’t operate in anonymity on the road, but is it possible that maybe I shouldn’t? The old-fashioned highway now has a lot in common with the information super-highway: it’s populated by faceless automotive avatars who can perform without consequences. Driving a wildly painted car is like using my real name on the internet. Is it uncomfortable? Yeah. Sometimes it is. Honesty and transparency can be searing. But it’s also real. I don’t live in a bubble. The cars around me aren’t a collection of license plates and order numbers and anonymous feedback surveys. I live in society, surrounded by real people with real lives. It’s an odd shared cultural construct that we’ve decided to pretend as if we are no longer interacting with individuals, and that by operating in privacy—in anonymity—the ripples we make never touch any other shore. I’m a part of a whole. I can’t forget that when I’m driving my graffiti monstrosity. Everyone sees me—the good and the bad. I’m glad for my spray-paint accountability. I wonder what it would be like if our highways were a bit more personalized. Would you still hang in the left lane, distracted by a podcast, if you couldn’t forget that the Honda behind you contained a real woman with her own schedule? Would you still refuse to let that man in the Saturn merge if you were both standing side by side instead of anonymous and invisible in your automotive robot suits? Would you drive differently if your real name was spray painted across your trunk lid? I think you would, because I know I do. If you want to join me, I’ve got a trunk full of rattle-cans and a gentle-used tarp. This story originally appeared on Jalopnik. Maggie Stiefvater is a novelist, musician, car enthusiast and occasional rally driver based in Virginia. WATCH MORE: Travel Ideas Comments Jian Guest Jun 3, 2017, 10:27pm Nice I might do that too right here in Australia!!! I bet you bogans are gonna do it for me!! Reply 0 ClawShrimp @clawshrimp Jun 4, 2017, 11:41am The car looks fantastic. Like a tribute to Nike's What The range. Unfortunately at 36+ years old, self expression in a professional office-based environment is largely limited to desktop photo frames and novelty coffee mugs. Reply 0 Warren @wazman21 Jun 5, 2017, 1:56pm This comment made me slightly depressed. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Here Are 17 More 'Pirate' Sites Foxtel Is Banning In Australia Chris Jager 05 Jun 2017 12:15 PM Foxtel's legal crusade against online piracy has intensified, with the company applying to add 127 additional URLs to its proposed block list in Federal Court. The new sites under the ban hammer include YesMovies, Vumoo, LosMovies, CartoonHD, Project Free TV 1, Torlock and 1337x. Here is the full list. How The Promise Of The NBN Fell Short For So Many Australians Tooran Alizadeh 05 Jun 2017 11:15 AM Eight years into the Australian government’s National Broadband Network (NBN) project, the nation has an average internet speed – 50th in the global rankings – that lags well behind many advanced economy countries. Ongoing secrecy around the NBN, a project that’s likely to cost more than A$50 billion, makes it impossible for the public in most cases to know when and what quality service they will receive. Further, new research shows the NBN rollout was politically motivated and socioeconomically biased from the beginning. It is perhaps time to remind ourselves of the ups and downs of the project that was once announced as a dream national infrastructure project for the 21st century. This requires a ten-year journey back in time, before we can figure out what needs to be done next. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn How To Program For Over 90% Off Deals: Upgrade Your Shower Experience With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: Get This VPN For 90% Off Deals: Drive Around Safely With This Hands-Free Phone Mount Trending Articles 1 Here Are 17 More 'Pirate' Sites Foxtel Is Banning In Australia 2 How The Promise Of The NBN Fell Short For So Many Australians 3 How To Build A Smart Home That Works Can't Be Sure, But I Think EB Games Is Having A Sale Optus Is Crediting Customers Shortchanged On Data Deals 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block The Ultimate Wonder Woman Analysis Hotline Miami Cover Artist On His Distinct Visual Style, Music, And Beard Sunday Comics: Completely Avoidable Target Is Selling Horizon: Zero Dawn And Ghost Recon Wildlands For $39 Reminder: The Live-Action Movie Isn't The Only Awesome Wonder Woman Film Optus To Refund Prepaid Customers After Secretly Cutting Data Inclusions Ask LH: Are Drones Being Banned In Australia? Seven Phone Recycling Tips For World Environment Day How Amazon Australia Will Affect Existing Supply Chains NAB is collaborating with an Israeli crowdfunding platform to offer startup investments The 6 shows Netflix has canceled, including the edgy sci-fi series 'Sense8' that was just cut after 2 seasons Here's how long it takes for a first home buyer to save a deposit in Sydney The risks of Australia recording another negative growth quarter have eased, but there's still plenty of concern for the future © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Skip to main navigation Top Navigation SECTIONS News Arts Life Sports Opinion Obituaries Events Galleries Classified CapRegion Cars CapRegion Homes CapRegion Jobs Classified Place a Classified Ad Rentals Login Subscribe Home News Local State National/World Business Education Arts Theater & Dance Music Movies Books Galleries & Museums Life Food Health History Home Restaurants Sports Local High School College National Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Blogs & Columns Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Blogs & Columns Obituaries Events Galleries Classified Hide Advanced Search Narrow your search News Arts Life Sports Opinion All Date Range FROM TO   Subscriber login Enter your email address. Enter the password that accompanies your email address. Forgot Password? Leave this field blank Monday, June 5, 2017 News What you need to know for 06/05/2017 Estee School building set to be demolished10:00 PMMemoir details 7 decades of living9:00 PMSchoharie County finds new site for public safety complex8:00 PMSchenectady grad hopes to return to alma mater, as a teacher7:00 PMManila casino attacker was gambling addict, Philippine police say6:31 PM Capital Region drivers line up for Uber and Lyft Capital Region drivers line up for Uber and Lyft Service expected to begin by end of the month John Cropley | June 2, 2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL Kevin Dowd of Troy talks with Aaron Felton of Uber as he signs up to drive for the company. Photographer: Peter R. Barber Prospective drivers and their would-be employers are gearing up for ride-sharing in upstate New York, where it is expected to start happening June 29. Two of the biggest ride-sharing networks, Uber and Lyft, expect to be up and running on day 1, and many businesses are just as eager to see them start rolling in upstate. The area of New York outside of New York City was one of the few parts of the country where ride-sharing has not allowed, and there was a hard-fought campaign by the restaurant, entertainment and hospitality industries to change that. “Most of the country and world has ridesharing,” said Mark Eagan, CEO of the Capital Region Chamber. “It’s sort of a convenience that people expect today, to use technology to connect rides.” The potential of on-demand rides from an army of drivers in private vehicles summoned and paid through smartphones is particularly appealing to restaurants, taverns and hotels, he said, and retailers in general, to a lesser extent. It also has a lot of allure to college students who lack cars and the elderly who can no longer drive, Eagan said. The practice has been legal for years in New York City. The competitors there to Uber and Lyft, such as Gett, Juno and Via, indicate no intention of rolling out upstate at this point. Adrian Durbin, director of communications at Lyft, said his company will announce as soon as next week which upstate markets it will serve first. All the major metropolitan areas will be included in the rollout, he said. “We have been actively recruiting drivers across the state,” he said. “We are getting the word out to potential passengers,encouraging them to download the app.” This way, Durbin said, Lyft can see where the greatest demand is likely to be and concentrate its driver recruitment efforts in those places. He wouldn’t say exactly how many drivers are signed up already in the Capital Region, only that they number in the hundreds. “We are geared up to have adequate supply on the very first day,” he said. When the first day will be is slightly up in the air. Originally, it was to be 90 days after the April 10 approval of the 2017-2018 state budget, which also contained legislation authorizing ride-sharing. But the Assembly and Senate last month approved legislation moving the start date forward to June 29, so as to have ride-sharing in place for the Fourth of July holiday. The office of Gov. Andrew Cuomo, a proponent of ride-sharing, has said he will sign that measure. “We expect the governor to sign it, which would be great,” said Alix Anfang, an Uber spokeswoman. She said the company is busy getting ready for the rollout. “We hope to be everywhere as soon as possible and we’re working toward that,” Anfang said.  “We are definitely reaching out to potential drivers,” she added. “We’ve seen a lot of interest from people in the Capital Region.” Uber held one of its weekly informational and signup sessions for prospective drivers Friday at the Courtyard by Marriott in Clifton Park. A diverse group of more than a dozen people listened to an Uber employee’s presentation on what the company is and how it works, with broad and specific guidelines on how drivers do their jobs. (Drivers may refuse service to an dangerous-looking passenger, for example, but may not refuse to transport a passenger with a service animal.) Some in the audience asked questions. A pair walked out after the Uber rep finished her presentation. But most waited patiently to sign up, and more walked in through the day. Among them was Elvis Verdzeba, a Cameroonian immigrant who now works as a certified nursing assistant and will keep his current job at least in the short term, even if Uber takes him on. “If I work with it for a month, I will see whether I like it,” he said in French-inflected English. Ultimately, he’d like less stress than his current job provides. And more money, because he’s supporting relatives back home in west Africa. “It’s just a huge family,” Verdzeba said. Scott Veronese of Watervliet also intends to keep his current job, in a Wal-Mart produce department. “I work 40 hours a week there,” he said.  He likes Uber because of the flexible hours it will offer as he drives people around in his 2017 Cruze. He also likes the potential high end of the earnings scale, which can vary greatly by geography and circumstance. “If that works out I might do this full-time,” he said. “I think it’s going to be awesome.” The idea of trading a steady day job for the unknowns of ride-sharing is sufficiently daunting that some people don’t want it to be known they are contemplating the move. Particularly not by their current employer. A few people at Friday’s Uber signup session walked out when a Gazette photographer walked in.  A 40-something man declined to even speak to a Gazette writer. “No, I’m not good to talk to you!” he laughed. One prospective driver who has wrestled with his options is Derick Noetzel of Albany, a recent College of Saint Rose graduate who works in video production for a Schenectady firm. He’s decided to make the move, if Uber will have him. (He’s not sure if Uber will, because his car -- a 2006 Scion -- is nearly half as old as he is, and has 160,000 miles on it.) On the one hand, he’s happy at his full-time job. “I do love it, I’ve learned everything i know about video there,” he said. On the other hand, the flexible schedule he would get with Uber is very appealing. “I’m starting to get a lot of my own projects,” Noetzel explained. “I thought if I got some of that workload off me, I could do better on my own.” He said he travels frequently for his job, often utilizing taxis or Uber, and has never had a bad experience with Uber. Even as it recruits drivers, Uber is developing self-driving cars, which might limit its need for drivers. Noetzel is OK with that. “The self-driving car aspect, if it’s safe and it works, I will subscribe to it as soon as I can,” he said. It will free people’s time up to do things other than stare at the road, he said, and help advance ride-sharing so that fewer cars are on the road, with less environmental impact. Four weeks from launch, the state Department of Motor Vehicles still has not issued regulations for ride-sharing in upstate New York. It also did not respond to requests for comment for this story. But state legislators representing the Capital Region say they expect the rules will be done and ride-sharing begun on time. Assemblyman Angelo Santabarbara, D-Rotterdam, was a strong proponent of legalizing ride-sharing upstate and has seen no hiccups in its implementation. “I think the process is rolling along. ​All the pieces are there to make this happen​,” he said. “Generally in the community, everyone is very excited.” Assemblyman Phil Steck, D-Colonie, said June 29 still looks like a realistic target. “Everyone has agreed on the substance on how this type of service is going to take effect in upstate New York,” he said. “I have heard nothing about anyone trying to delay this.” Sen. Jim Tedisco, R-Glenville, said delays are always possible in a state bureaucracy, but there is no effort to create a delay. “I think we’ll be in place before the Fourth of July, and that will be great.”  He suggested that those who want to drink to celebrate the nation’s birthday give the newly available ride-sharing apps a test, rather than get behind the wheel themselves. “Do the right thing and we’ll save some lives,” he said. Durbin, the Lyft spokesman, said the state leadership is supportive of ride-sharing, so the rules will likely be workable and timely. Lyft operates in most states (it’s also rolling out in Alaska this year and debuted Wednesday in Houston, Texas) so the company is accustomed to dealing with multiple regulatory agencies, each a bit different in their requirements. “I don’t anticipate any hiccups,” he said. View Comments Hide Comments Related Content Teen charged with murder after Uber driver dies of machete wounds Uber admits it underpaid tens of thousands of New York City drivers SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL Premium Content American Music Festival shows future of classical in capable, inventive hands 11:36 AM 'Top Model' runner-up (and Scotia native) soars to new heights 6:00 AM Mom & Pop’s friendly, inexpensive and completely satisfying 6:00 AM Opioid epidemic takes its toll on Schenectady 12:29 AM Stay up-to-date with the Daily Gazette's PM Edition The latest news delivered directly to your inbox every day at 2 p.m. Email Address Most read in News Opioid epidemic takes its toll on Schenectady Shenendehowa students sparkle for senior prom Two claims filed against Schenectady police Woman taken to hospital after crash Canines and their humans run race for a cause The locally owned voice of the capital region Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Plus Pintrest RSS The Daily Gazette Co. 2345 Maxon Rd Ext. PO Box 1090 Schenectady, NY 12301 Get Directions (518) 374-4141 © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service Learn more about the Daily Gazette Advertise with the Daily Gazette Services Contact Us Activate Online Access Missed Delivery Vacation Stop FAQ Advertise Careers Place a classified ad E-Edition Subscribe Update Daily Gazette Newsletter Preferences Quick Links Ask a Doc Fun & Games Area Legislators Places of Worship Closings Weather TV Listings All Blogs & Columns Submit a Letter Buy Photos Other Publications & Events 50+ Living Expo Your Niskayuna Your Clifton Park CapRegion Pets Footer menu © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service You have 0 articles 1 articles 2 articles 3 articles 4 articles 5 articles 6 articles 7 articles remaining of Daily Gazette free premium content. You have reached your monthly premium content limit. Continue to enjoy Daily Gazette premium content by becoming a subscriber. Start here Already a subscriber? Log In
95-year-old man makes 100-mile weekly trip to take his girlfrien - Tucson News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Justice For Isabel Arizona Politics Great Things Happen Here Border News 3 attackers, 7 victims killed in London Bridge area terror attacks Business Traffic map SLIDESHOWS Watch Tucson News Now KOLD Investigates See it, Snap it, Send it Education In Southern Arizona News Crime & Courts Live CBS Video Flight tracker Fighting The Flu Border News Terrorism around the world Noticias KOLD 13 SLIDESHOWS Mass shootings in the U.S. National Weather Weather main page 3 Degree Guarantee Interactive Radar Science news Live cams Traffic map Flight Tracker Team Bios Sign up for email alerts Hurricanes Wildfires Sports Tucson Rodeo UA Basketball News from the NFL UA Sports UA Football Tucson Roadrunners Overtime FC Tucson El Tour de Tucson Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Auto Racing College Sports News Video News Videos main page Live CBS Video Right This Minute Video Coverage TV Watch Tucson News Now Watch CBS Shows TV Schedule On-air schedule MeTV GRIT TV CRIME WATCH DAILY Watch My Fox Shows ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT Watch My Network TV Shows What's For Lunch? Community AZ WEEKEND Discover Arizona See it, Snap it, Send it Fresh Bites Pet Connection Pet Pals Speaker Request Events Lifestyle About Us Contact Us Speaker Request Reporters and Anchors KOLD-TV jobs Raycom Media jobs KMSB-TV Jobs Digital Sales CONTESTS Win tickets to the Summer Safari Nights at Reid Park Zoo Health Health main page Fighting the Flu Komen - Health Connection Zika virus Sex & Relationships Marketplace 95-year-old man makes 100-mile weekly trip to take his girlfriend dancing 2017-06-02T21:36:27Z2017-06-04T15:33:24Z By Kristen Hampton, Reporter BioEmail Connect Biography khampton@wbtv.com WADESBORO, NC (WBTV) - If you’re a sucker for a good romance story, this one might just make your year. Every Saturday night, 95-year-old Frank Ratliff drives from his home in Wadesboro to his 93-year-old girlfriend’s home in Marshville. Together, the two drive to Mt. Gilead, NC, to a place called The Music Barn. Once there, the two dance cheek to cheek to old-time country tunes. “We don’t usually dance to the fast stuff,” Frank said. Frank first met 93-year-old Kate Mabry when the two were youngsters. Both lost their spouses many years ago. Their romance blossomed about 15 years ago when Frank ran into Kate, who was working as a greeter at the Walmart in Monroe. Years ago, the couple would go dancing sometimes three or four nights a week. But now, time has taken a tiny toll on their bodies, and the Saturday night dancing date is usually the only one they make. “I’ve never seen him get angry,” Kate said, “I get flustered sometimes, and I show it. But I get over it because he won’t respond.” The two don’t speak mushy words to each other. But they do trade slight jabs back and forth, followed by a giggle. Watching them together, it’s easy to see, their laid back nature is why their relationship works. We asked Frank why he drives more than 100 miles every week to take Kate out, his simple reply melts hearts. “Because she likes to go dancing.” Copyright 2017 WBTV. All rights reserved. Local newsMore>> Neighbors fed up with Illegal Dumping Neighbors fed up with Illegal Dumping Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 10:55 PM EDT2017-06-05 02:55:06 GMT Source: KOLD Neighbors living in one southern Arizona community are frustrated over illegal dumping near their homes. It’s happening in the Corona de Tucson area near Houghton and Lexington. Neighbors living in one southern Arizona community are frustrated over illegal dumping near their homes. Migrant Trail Walk ends for participants on 75-mile trek Migrant Trail Walk ends for participants on 75-mile trek Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 8:27 PM EDT2017-06-05 00:27:17 GMT Source: KOLD The journey is long and arduous. But that's the point when you’re mimicking the struggle. The journey is long and arduous. But that's the point when you’re mimicking the struggle. Bearkats end Wildcats' baseball season Bearkats end Wildcats' baseball season Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 6:30 PM EDT2017-06-04 22:30:53 GMT UA finishes 38-21 in Jay Johnson's second season. UA finishes 38-21 in Jay Johnson's second season. UPDATE: Missing man found safe UPDATE: Missing man found safe Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 4:39 PM EDT2017-06-04 20:39:52 GMT Preston (Pat) Howard. Photo courtesy of PCSD Tucson Police found 86-year-old Preston Howard safe Sunday morning after he was reported missing on Saturday. Tucson Police found 86-year-old Preston Howard safe Sunday morning after he was reported missing on Saturday. Arizona Baseball's season will continue Arizona Baseball's season will continue Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 6:33 AM EDT2017-06-04 10:33:31 GMT The Cats blew a 5-1 lead late but rallied after long delay to beat Delaware 6-5 in extra innings. The Cats blew a 5-1 lead late but rallied after long delay to beat Delaware 6-5 in extra innings.     Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Man, allegedly on LSD, arrested after running naked and bleeding into west Toledo road Man, allegedly on LSD, arrested after running naked and bleeding into west Toledo road Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 5:55 PM EDT2017-06-04 21:55:58 GMT (Source: Facebook) According to police, Octavio Vazquez refused to comply with officers’ commands and tried to crawl underneath a police cruiser. According to police, Octavio Vazquez refused to comply with officers’ commands and tried to crawl underneath a police cruiser. 2 arrested, 1 dead following Saturday high-speed chase, crash in Phenix City 2 arrested, 1 dead following Saturday high-speed chase, crash in Phenix City Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 7:37 PM EDT2017-06-04 23:37:47 GMT (Source: Chandler Morgan/WTVM) Two people have been arrested, one person is dead, and another person is in the hospital following a police chase in Phenix City Saturday evening. Two people have been arrested, one person is dead, and another person is in the hospital following a police chase in Phenix City Saturday evening. Can't Find Something? KOLD FCC Public File jhengemuehler@tucsonnewsnow.com (520) 744-1313 EEO Report Closed Captioning KMSB FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning KTTU FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning 7831 N. Business Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85743 (520) 744-1313 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Research Buy News & Reviews Ownership Videos Store CLOSE Delete Read Unread Autoblog Alerts You don't have any subscriptions. Look for the around the site to subscribe to the topics of your choice. Autoblog Alerts Want to get notified as soon as we write about the topics you're interested in? Click here to sign in and then look for the around the site to subscribe to those topics. Autoblog Alerts Thanks for subscribing to Autoblog Alerts! As content is published, we'll send it right to you. If you ever need to make changes, you can manage your alerts by clicking MANAGE below. Fetching your alerts. Please wait... Manage Mark All Read Research Buy News/Reviews Ownership Video Store Our Apps Podcast Help Research Research Hub Models & Styles Car Buying Guides Car Finder Compare Cars Best Deals Dealer Directory Car Loans Research Tools Buy Buy Hub Cars for Sale Car Buying Programs Calculators Certified Pre-Owned Book Values Rebates & Incentives News/Reviews News/Reviews Hub Autoblog Reviews Owner Reviews Auto Shows Photos Racing Calendar News by Make News by Category Press Releases News Archive Ownership Ownership Hub Recalls Safety Repair & Maintenance Repair Shops Gas Prices Sell Your Vehicle Insurance Insurance Quotes Video Videos Hub Translogic The List Car Club USA Autoblog Details Autoblog Wrenched Short Cuts Autoblog Minute Store Store Front Car Care Oils & Fluids Performance Tools More Parts & Accessories Our Apps Autoblog Mobile Autoblog Apple TV Autoblog VR Podcast On iTunes Archives Help Sitemap About Us Widgets Tip Us Feedback Licensing About Ads Advertise With Us Trademarks Junkyard Gem: 1987 Oldsmobile Cutlass Supreme Munich prosecutors expand Audi investigation Hot Wheels releases Wonder Woman's invisible jet, sort of Dumbest car thief in Texas steals car, leaves ID behind 2018 Ford F-150 gets slight price increase, hidden discounts Audi A7 test mule goes up in flames in Austria + Specs & Reviews Cars for Sale Specs & Reviews Select a Make Select a Model Go Specs & Reviews Cars For Sale Select a Make Select a Model Go or Select a Style Convertible Coupe Crossover Hatchback Hybrid Luxury Minivan Sedan SUV Performance Truck Van Wagon New Used Certified Pre-Owned CPO Select a Make Select a Model Go Specs / Reviews For Sale This page is for personal, non-commercial use. You may order presentation ready copies to distribute to your colleagues, customers, or clients, by visiting http://www.autobloglicensing.com Official Official Jun 2nd 2017 at 3:40PM Subscribe Hot Wheels releases Wonder Woman's invisible jet, sort of facebook twitter google+ email reddit linkedin pinterest License License Joel Stocksdale The movie Wonder Woman is out in theaters today, and unsurprisingly, there's a lot of buzz about the superhero. Along with that comes Wonder Woman-related merchandise, and one of the most interesting examples has got to be this Hot Wheels model of her famous invisible jet. What makes it interesting, and frankly quite funny, is that it's so invisible it isn't there. You see, the details of the product information page say that all you get is "a 1:64 Collector Edition INVISIBLE JET (packaging)." This seems to mean that the package just implies there's a jet in there. Then again, even a clear plastic plane would still be visible, so this is the only way to accurately represent it. It is a bit expensive for what amounts to an empty package, though. To obtain your own invisible jet, you'll have to purchase $20 worth of Hot Wheels cars at Walmart. That's before taxes, too. Then mail your proofs of purchase to Mattel, along with a check or money order for $3.50 to cover shipping and handling. Then in a few weeks, you'll have your own, perfectly invisible "jet." For seriously die-hard fans of Wonder Woman with a good sense of humor, this is a pretty neat piece of memorabilia. For everyone else, though, it's better as just a quick laugh and not worth actually dropping the cash for one. Related Video: Image Credit: Mattel / Hot Wheels Create alerts for any tag below Subscribe Toys/Games hot wheels official facebook twitter google+ email reddit linkedin pinterest License License Sign In Edit Display Name  |   Sign Out Trending Great used cars for less than $10,000 Owners say these cars aren't very good deals New Car Buying Guides Cheapest new automobiles in America Fastest-depreciating cars in the United States Find and compare 2017 Models Owners say these cars aren't very good deals New Car Buying Guides Cheapest new automobiles in America Fastest-depreciating cars in the United States Find and compare 2017 Models Follow Us From Our Partners You May Like Links by Zergnet Shop Merchandise Budge Lite Car Cover Fits Sedans up to 264 inches, B-5 - (Polypropylene, Gray) Bigfoot Air Freshener - Pine Scent My Little Pony CH MLP PINK01SM Crystal Studded Hasbro Pinkie Pie Bling Head Car Window Sticker Decal My Little Pony Rainbow Dash Car Window Decal Sticker Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Consumer Resources Compare Top Models Choose up to 3 vehicles to compare side-by-side on price, features, performance, cost of ownership and more. Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Guide to the latest ADAS offerings, including Blind Spot Monitoring, Turn Assist, Backup Collision Warning and more. Local Car Dealers Find car dealers by make and location. Videos Havelaar Bison E-Pickup Truck | Autoblog MinuteWatch Video Top 3 Car Washing Mistakes | Autoblog DetailsWatch Video Unrestored Mercedes 300SL pair - gullwing coupe and convertible - will be sold at Pebble BeachWatch Video Zero-emissions BMW Bike Concept | Autoblog MinuteWatch Video Watch Kitty Hawk's test pilots learn to love the flying machineWatch Video Plasti Dipping Your Grille | Autoblog Details | Complete Detail Bonus Watch Video Restoring Headlights | Autoblog Details | Complete Detail Bonus Watch Video Final Inspection | Autoblog Details | Complete Detail ep 10 Watch Video Cleaning Windows | Autoblog Details | Complete Detail ep 9 Watch Video Dressing Trim, Rubber, & Plastics | Autoblog Details | Complete Detail ep 8 Watch Video × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Select one or more topics to subscribe to: Toys/Games Toys/Games hot wheels hot wheels official official Select one or more of the following methods to receive alerts: Email Instant Daily Weekly This email address will be used for all of your alerts. On Site Text This phone number will be used for all of your alerts. Msg&Data rates may apply. Manage Clear × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Thanks! Your alerts preferences have been saved. Manage Close × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Verify Phone Number You must verify your phone number in order to begin receiving text alerts. We will send a verification code shortly to your phone via text. Enter it below and click "Verify". Didn't receive a code? Resend it Verify Cancel Help Sitemap About Us Widgets Contact Tip Us Feedback Licensing Our Apps Autoblog Mobile Autoblog Apple TV Autoblog VR Podcasts On iTunes Archives Advertising About Ads Advertise With Us Legal Terms of Service Privacy Policy Trademarks Autoblog Transmission TOS © Copyright 2017 AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved × Login Please login using one of the following services: × Choose a Display Name Please enter a display name Cancel Change Name Share This Photo X Facebook Twitter Google+ Email Reddit Linkedin Pinterest X Login Please select an option before voting. Okay
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video State high court ruling on death penalty could restart executions High Times Cannabis Cup gives Wine Country different weekend buzz Trump may not try to block Comey testimony California's 'green rush' draws Hmong immigrants News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Cosby's image as father, family man on the line at sex trial Quick count gives lead to ruling party in key Mexico State 4 nations cut diplomatic ties to Qatar as Gulf rift deepens UN chief announces new talks on Cyprus reunification in June Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Warriors’ Attles wins lifetime achievement award Names & Faces: Evel Knievel, Novak Djokovic With Kerr back on bench, Warriors cruise to Game 2 win SF’s Chris Mocko wins marathon in Ireland Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF Airbnb hosts more likely to reject the disabled, a study finds Move hat making into a US factory? Easier said than done Job growth stumbles in May Blue Apron meal kit delivery service files for IPO A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do Rhino’s ‘Priscilla’ keeps Bay Area chintz alive The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife Tia Carrere reprises ‘Wayne’s World’ role for Clusterfest Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer 5 amazing food adventures Our favorite places for doughnuts in the Bay Area Where to find free doughnuts in the Bay Area Here's a photo of Lebron James ordering a bunch of food at The Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Summer Camp Guide Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Our favorite Bay Area Instagram photos from May Stunning floral decor for your next outdoor party Town debates whether teens who mow lawns should pay $110 for Yosemite's newest thrill: Running through a 'dangerous' waterfall Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: The Hideaway, Carmel One Day, One Place: Covering the waterfront, Monterey style SFO getting more flights to New Orleans Cold rush: Larger fleet sails for Alaskan waters Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Home in the heart of the city Small cottage on huge lot for $1.195 million in Corona Heights Sweet Orinda home goes pending in 8 days Berkeley’s Oaks Theatre hits the market at $4.25 million Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Short-lived marque lets broker fulfill college dream 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Live life after graduation debt free Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/news/crime/article/Authorities-Shoplifting-suspect-dies-in-crash-11194686.php Authorities: Shoplifting suspect dies in crash during chase Published 8:33 am, Sunday, June 4, 2017 LIVE OAK, Fla. (AP) — A Florida shoplifting suspect died in a car crash while fleeing a sheriff's deputy. The Florida Highway Patrol says 41-year-old Jannie Hodge of Madison was driving faster than 100 miles per hour (160 kilometers per hour) on Interstate 10 near Live Oak when she lost control of her car and struck a tree. She was thrown from the car and died at the scene. Troopers say the chase began at a Walmart where she tried to ram a Suwannee County sheriff's deputy's car with hers. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. NBA FINALS GAME 2: WARRIORS VS. CAVS With Kerr back on bench, Warriors cruise to Game 2 win Warriors practice becomes A-List event for celebrities 4-year-old Warriors fan is a dead ringer for Steph Curry Guy Fieri brings Flavortown to Game 2, poses with E-40 LeBron has a monster game in losing effort Scenes from Game 2 include Santana's anthem, other celebs LATEST NEWS Putin, Megyn Kelly have heated exchange over Trump-Russia Man dies after being knifed following fight on bus Photo shows man casually mowing lawn with tornado nearby Unusual June rain could soak Bay Area this week Doug the Pug is the real big dog at SF Clusterfest CNN host rebuked for comment to spelling-bee champion Internet hunts man who allegedly hit people at Berkeley rally California's 'green rush' draws Hmong immigrants Nobody wants this $29 million mansion near SF's 'Billionaire Row' SF's most expensive house: This $40M modern masterpiece Zillow predicts price decreases in these SF neighborhoods $2.895 million flat in Telegraph Hill Climber makes chilling, unroped ascent of El Capitan Yosemite's newest thrill: Running through a 'dangerous' waterfall 50 'old' movies every young person needs to watch The worst film each year since 1967 Mother paralyzed by tree branch in SF struggles after accident Family of woman badly hurt by branch awaits SF’s help TODAY'S TOP PICKS Famous Bay Area authors' must-read books and lesser-known gems Fun times during the first two days of Clusterfest Alec Baldwin’s advice to Kathy Griffin on Trump brouhaha Most Popular 1 Photo shows man casually mowing the lawn with massive tornado... 2 Unusual June rain could soak Bay Area this week 3 Nobody wants this mansion near San Francisco's 'Billionaire... 4 Climber, without rope, conquers Yosemite’s El Capitan 5 CNN host assumed an Indian-American spelling-bee champion... 6 Opinion: With his London tweets, Trump embarrasses himself -... 7 Man dies after being knifed following fight on bus in Oakley 8 Celebrities want to see the Golden State Warriors any way they... 9 With Kerr back on bench, Warriors cruise to Game 2 win 10 Steve Kerr returns to Warriors’ bench for Game 2 LATEST NEWS Putin, Megyn Kelly have heated exchange over Trump-Russia Man dies after being knifed following fight on bus Photo shows man casually mowing lawn with tornado nearby Unusual June rain could soak Bay Area this week Doug the Pug is the real big dog at SF Clusterfest CNN host rebuked for comment to spelling-bee champion Internet hunts man who allegedly hit people at Berkeley rally California's 'green rush' draws Hmong immigrants View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
NJ.com Menu Home News open Politics open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Legal Notices Photos/Videos open Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate open Rentals Health Classifieds open Local Businesses open Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County open All Newspapers open Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Wrestling Off Season Sports open Bergen County Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Field Hockey Football Gymnastics Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Arts Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat New Jersey Opinion Sick of Winning (Cont.): Presidential petulance dooms the planet | Editorial Updated on June 4, 2017 at 7:03 AM Posted on June 4, 2017 at 7:00 AM Global leaders outraged over Trump's Paris climate agreement decision By Star-Ledger Editorial Board eletters@starledger.com We live in a coastal state, which puts us at ground zero for the reckless action taken Thursday by President Trump, who apparently cannot understand how rising carbon dioxide levels are dangerous as long as he can still breathe. For example, the decision to abandon the Paris climate agreement and forsake our obligation to reduce greenhouse gases makes New Jersey more vulnerable to flooding, or as Rutgers climate scientist Robert Kopp put it, "The coastal impacts will certainly be devastating." Here's how devastating: There is a 90-percent probability that sea levels will rise two to four feet by the end of this century. Enjoy Seaside Heights while you have it. But that's not half of it. New Jersey will experience more catastrophic events like Hurricane Sandy, which cost our state $29.4 billion. Heat waves and droughts will become more severe, with 60 additional days above 90 degrees by mid-century. Vector-borne diseases such as Lyme will spread because of shorter winters. Signature crops more sensitive to heat, such as blueberries, will migrate to other states. And consider: New Jersey is but a speck of the planet's overall land mass, blessed by a mild climate and abundant resources. Sea levels don't interest debate moderators | Editorial Now the entire planet has a farce to be reckoned with, a juvenile dare from a petulant president who has applied a tight handshake on Mother Nature for the joy of making her wince. Of all the signs that Trump is ill-equipped to lead the free world, this disqualifier has risen to Exhibit A. It is an established scientific fact that the planet is warming at an alarming rate, and that man is the dominant cause of warming since the mid-20th century. Every country in the world has moved on from that conversation. The vast majority of Americans - and half of Trump's voters - believe we should take proactive measures to reduce emissions and make the planet habitable for future generations. But the president has elected to follow the advice of people who deny these immutable truths, in many cases because they have profited from such repudiations. Tellingly, Trump focused on economics during his Rose Garden screed, using a discredited study that alleges the Paris accord will lead to "lost jobs, lower wages, shuttered factories, and vastly diminished economic production." He did not mention that the study acknowledges that it "does not take into account potential benefits from avoided emissions" or the development of new technologies. He failed to note that the pro-regulation tilt of the Obama Era did not prevent the creation of 11.3 million jobs, while the anti-regulatory Bush presidency produced 2 million. He dismissed the advice of world leaders, energy giants (ExxonMobil and Shell), major innovators (Apple and Microsoft), corporate titans (WalMart and DuPont), half his cabinet, and the Pope. He ignored the fact that twice as many Americans are now employed in solar jobs than in the coal industry, which is dying domestically. And clinging to his last political allies, he rejected our role as a global leader, because in Trump's world, America first means the planet comes last. Now every American will suffer from his moral myopia. Bookmark NJ.com/Opinion. Follow on Twitter @NJ_Opinion and find NJ.com Opinion on Facebook. View Comments nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Trending Now: Read today's most popular stories on CapitalGazette.com Entertainment Severna Park author finds hope on cusp of a global food crisis Courtesy photo / Handout Lisa Palmer of Severna Park is a senior fellow at the National Socio-Environmental Synthesis Center in Annapolis. Lisa Palmer of Severna Park is a senior fellow at the National Socio-Environmental Synthesis Center in Annapolis. (Courtesy photo / Handout) Rick HutzellContact Reporterrhutzell@capgaznews.com Lisa Palmer has been writing about food security and famine for more than a decade in publications such as Scientific American, the New York Times and the New Republic. Now the Severna Park journalist has published her first book on the topic, "Hot, Hungry Planet." With the global population projected to reach 9.6 billion people by 2050 and climate change an ever more visible reality, Palmer writes that the world is on the "cusp of global food crisis:" Courtesy photo / Handout The earth will have more than 9.6 billion people by 2050 according to U.N. predictions. With resources already scarce, how will we feed them all? Journalist Lisa Palmer of Severna Park has traveled the world for years documenting the cutting-edge innovations of people and organizations on the front lines of fighting the food gap. In "Hot, Hungry Planet" she shares the story of her journey. The earth will have more than 9.6 billion people by 2050 according to U.N. predictions. With resources already scarce, how will we feed them all? Journalist Lisa Palmer of Severna Park has traveled the world for years documenting the cutting-edge innovations of people and organizations on the front lines of fighting the food gap. In "Hot, Hungry Planet" she shares the story of her journey. (Courtesy photo / Handout) "How we decide to feed the next 2.3 billion people will define civilization for millennia to come. Technically, farmers grow enough food today to feed everyone. Yet nearly 1 billion people periodically go hungry, usually because food is too expensive or not available in the right places." So what does the future hold? As a journalist, Palmer writes that her job is to talk with people. She traveled the world doing just that, documenting the hunt for innovations that could help feed a growing world with a changing climate. The book is divided into case studies in six key regions — India, sub-Saharan Africa, Latin America, the Middle East, Indonesia and the United States. Many of those she talked to in these parts of the world seemed, she wrote, panicked. But Palmer said she finds reason to be hopeful. "I'm seeing efforts by the major land grant universities that are bringing together people from agribusiness, academia, government and the general public in a more holistic way," Palmer said. Palmer brings another unique perspective to the problems of food and the hunt for solutions. She is a resident senior fellow at the National Socio-Environmental Synthesis Center in Annapolis, part of the College of Computer, Mathematical, and Natural Sciences at the University of Maryland. Teams of scientists meet at the center for up to a week at a time, developing research questions with people who use that scholarly knowledge, resulting in scholarship that can inform decision makers. It's work on a big scale. So big that the National Science Foundation last fall renewed the center's $28.5 million research grant for another five years. In the forward to the book, Palmer wrote that her interviews provided a Eureka moment on both what is at stake and what has to happen for this will work out. Not surprisingly, it reflects the mission of the center. "As their responses made clear, addressing the fight to feeding the world will require disparate systems working together. The components of the global food system are interconnected, and these connections — especially those components and activities in one part of the system that strive for positive impacts across the system — are at risk." Published by St. Martin's Press on May 9, $26.99 hardcover, 256 pages. ISBN 1250084202. www.hothungryplanet.com. ‘The Okeydoke’ The Rev. Stephen A. Tillett, president of the Anne Arundel County NAACP Branch, argues in his new book that Americans are living in a time where people of like interests must rally or be overrun by the "Corporate States of America." In "Stop Falling for the Okeydoke: How the Lie of 'Race' Continues to Undermine Our Country," the Air Force veteran and and pastor of Asbury Broadneck United Methodist Church writes that people with common concerns are separated by the false concept of race. Courtesy photo / Handout The Rev. Stephen A. Tillett, president of the Anne Arundel County NAACP Branch argues in his new book that Americans are living in a time where people of like interests must rally or be overrun by the “Corporate States of America.” The Rev. Stephen A. Tillett, president of the Anne Arundel County NAACP Branch argues in his new book that Americans are living in a time where people of like interests must rally or be overrun by the “Corporate States of America.” (Courtesy photo / Handout) "The Bible has been prescient in speaking to this regrettable dynamic: 'What has been will be again, what has been done will be done again; there is nothing new under the sun.' (Ecclesiastes 1:9)," he writes. "Instead of focusing on obstacles that we all face and dreams we all share, race and racism has kept people of common interests artificially divided. As Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. said, 'We must learn to live together as brothers (and sisters) or perish together as fools.' " Published by iUniverse on May 25, $25.57 hardcover, $15.99 paperback, 144 pages. ISBN 9781532019. www.iuniverse.com. In other books of local interest: •Annapolis writer Lee Dorsey is the latest to take on the well-known mystery of Virginia Dare, the first English Colonist born in the Americas. In the novel "Whatever Happened to Virginia Dare, a Search for the Lost Colony" mixes the historical record with fiction in an attempt to explain what happened to the child who vanished with the rest of the colonists after they were set down on Roanoke Island in what is now North Carolina. Courtesy photo / Handout Annapolis author Lee Dorsey’s new novel explores the mystery of the first English colonists in “Whatever Happened To Virginia Dare” Annapolis author Lee Dorsey’s new novel explores the mystery of the first English colonists in “Whatever Happened To Virginia Dare” (Courtesy photo / Handout) Dorsey has been writing full time since his retirement in 2008 from a civilian support position at the Naval Academy. Published by Mascot Books on Feb. 8, $13.42 paperback, $6.99 ebook, 183 pages. ISBN 9781684010080. www.leedorsey.com. •In the 1980s and '90s, Linda Collinson, of Davidsonville, turned a kitchen table recipe she put together for her child into LaCrista, a skin care line that eventually would be on shelves in stores such as Wal-Mart, Giant Food and others around the world. She later sold the business and now has written "Don't Tell Me NO!" about her experience. It is timed to the release of a new skincare lotion, developed with her son, Budge. Courtesy photo / Handout In the 1980s and ’90s, Linda Collinson of Davidsonville turned a kitchen table receipe into LaCrista, a skin care line that eventually would be on shelves in stores such as Wal-Mart, Giant Food and others around the world. She eventually sold the business and now has written “Don't Tell Me NO!” about her experience In the 1980s and ’90s, Linda Collinson of Davidsonville turned a kitchen table receipe into LaCrista, a skin care line that eventually would be on shelves in stores such as Wal-Mart, Giant Food and others around the world. She eventually sold the business and now has written “Don't Tell Me NO!” about her experience (Courtesy photo / Handout) Collinson details the way her business started, how it began to succeed and the challenges she faced as a female entrepreneur and active mother. She currently helps run Infusion Sciences with her son. The company recently released Dewberry Lotion, the first of what is planned as a new skincare line. Published by CreateSpace Independent Publishing Platform, 2016. $8.95 paperback and ebook, 84 pages. ISBN 1535006579. www.dewberrylotion.com. Send information on books of local interest to rhutzell@capgaznews.com. Caption Annapolis turns out for the annual Memorial Day parade followed by a service at City Dock. Annapolis turns out for the annual Memorial Day parade followed by a service at City Dock. Caption Annapolis turns out for the annual Memorial Day parade followed by a service at City Dock. Annapolis turns out for the annual Memorial Day parade followed by a service at City Dock. Caption Glen Burnie High School unveiled a new "Hope" mural highlighting historical figures the student body voted to select for the project. Glen Burnie High School unveiled a new "Hope" mural highlighting historical figures the student body voted to select for the project. Caption Boy Scouts from across Anne Arundel County placed flags at the graves of Maryland veterans on Memorial Day at the Maryland Veterans Cemetery in Crownsville, Saturday morning. Boy Scouts from across Anne Arundel County placed flags at the graves of Maryland veterans on Memorial Day at the Maryland Veterans Cemetery in Crownsville, Saturday morning. Caption There were more than 1,000 graduates in the United States Naval Academy Class of 2017. (Ulysses Muñoz / Baltimore Sun) There were more than 1,000 graduates in the United States Naval Academy Class of 2017. (Ulysses Muñoz / Baltimore Sun) Caption First year USNA students, "plebes," make a pyramid to climb the Herndon obelisk monument to retrieve a white plebe's "dixie cup" hat on the top top and replace it with an upperclassman's hat. First year USNA students, "plebes," make a pyramid to climb the Herndon obelisk monument to retrieve a white plebe's "dixie cup" hat on the top top and replace it with an upperclassman's hat. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Capital Gazette, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Privacy Policy Calendar listings: Find a local event Sign up for Capital Gazette Entertainment newsletter Find a restaurant: Dining reviews for Annapolis, Anne Arundel Breaking News ENewspaper Contact Us Ad Circulars Calendar Obituaries Classified Jobs 73°
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ChannelAdvisor Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ChannelAdvisor Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: Analysts Anticipate ChannelAdvisor Corp (ECOM) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $28.67 Million Gramercy Property Trust (GPT) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $134.82 Million $196.67 Million in Sales Expected for Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage Inc (NGVC) This Quarter Reviewing Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) and Sequential Brands Group (SQBG) Contrasting PetroChina Company Limited (PTR) & Total SA (TOT) Alliance Resource Partners, L.P. (ARLP) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Reviewing Hollysys Automation Technologies (HOLI) & American Superconductor (AMSC) NVIDIA’s (NVDA) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity Workday Inc (WDAY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Deutsche Bank AG BOK Financial Co. (BOKF) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Morgan Stanley MasTec (MTZ) vs. Sterling Construction Company (STRL) Head to Head Analysis Allied Properties Real Estate Investment (AP.UN) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Loxo Oncology Inc (LOXO) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Pan African Resources plc (PAF) Receives GBX 23.40 Average Price Target from Analysts Protagonist Therapeutics Inc (PTGX) Given Average Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Brokerages Anticipate Novadaq Technologies Inc. (NVDQ) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.22 Per Share Snap Inc (SNAP) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Cutera, Inc. (CUTR) Earns “Buy” Rating from Sidoti Sportsman's Warehouse Holdings Inc (SPWH) Receives “Buy” Rating from DA Davidson Five Below’s (FIVE) Neutral Rating Reiterated at BTIG Research Zacks: Analysts Anticipate ChannelAdvisor Corp (ECOM) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $28.67 Million June 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Brokerages forecast that ChannelAdvisor Corp (NYSE:ECOM) will announce $28.67 million in sales for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Four analysts have issued estimates for ChannelAdvisor Corp’s earnings, with estimates ranging from $28.60 million to $28.74 million. ChannelAdvisor Corp posted sales of $27.10 million in the same quarter last year, which would indicate a positive year over year growth rate of 5.8%. The business is scheduled to announce its next quarterly earnings results on Thursday, August 3rd. On average, analysts expect that ChannelAdvisor Corp will report full-year sales of $28.67 million for the current fiscal year, with estimates ranging from $123.40 million to $124.34 million. For the next financial year, analysts forecast that the firm will post sales of $138.21 million per share, with estimates ranging from $136.34 million to $142.70 million. Zacks’ sales averages are a mean average based on a survey of sell-side research firms that that provide coverage for ChannelAdvisor Corp. A number of analysts recently issued reports on the stock. ValuEngine downgraded shares of ChannelAdvisor Corp from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Friday. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of ChannelAdvisor Corp from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $13.00 price target on the stock in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. William Blair reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of ChannelAdvisor Corp in a report on Thursday, May 4th. First Analysis downgraded shares of ChannelAdvisor Corp from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a report on Tuesday, May 9th. Finally, TheStreet raised shares of ChannelAdvisor Corp from a “d” rating to a “c-” rating in a report on Friday, February 10th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $15.50. In other ChannelAdvisor Corp news, insider M Scot Wingo sold 15,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, May 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $11.31, for a total transaction of $169,650.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 882,896 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $9,985,553.76. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Company insiders own 11.60% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Bogle Investment Management L P DE increased its position in ChannelAdvisor Corp by 8.2% in the fourth quarter. Bogle Investment Management L P DE now owns 72,401 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $1,038,000 after buying an additional 5,469 shares during the last quarter. AWM Investment Company Inc. increased its position in ChannelAdvisor Corp by 1,531.4% in the third quarter. AWM Investment Company Inc. now owns 318,465 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $4,118,000 after buying an additional 298,944 shares during the last quarter. A.R.T. Advisors LLC bought a new position in ChannelAdvisor Corp during the fourth quarter valued at about $159,000. Two Sigma Investments LP increased its position in ChannelAdvisor Corp by 183.2% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 95,429 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $1,369,000 after buying an additional 61,732 shares during the last quarter. Finally, State Street Corp increased its position in ChannelAdvisor Corp by 2.8% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 368,330 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $5,285,000 after buying an additional 10,000 shares during the last quarter. 83.64% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. WARNING: This story was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/03/zacks-analysts-anticipate-channeladvisor-corp-ecom-will-post-quarterly-sales-of-28-67-million.html. Shares of ChannelAdvisor Corp (ECOM) traded down 0.83% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $11.90. 57,667 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $11.65 and a 200 day moving average of $12.62. The stock’s market cap is $313.33 million. ChannelAdvisor Corp has a 12 month low of $10.20 and a 12 month high of $15.91. About ChannelAdvisor Corp Channeladvisor Corporation is a provider of Software as a service (SaaS) solutions. The Company’s SaaS solutions enable retailer and branded manufacturer customers to integrate, manage and optimize their merchandise sales via hundreds of online channels. The Company’s platform enable its customers to connect with new and existing sources of demand for their products, including e-commerce marketplaces, such as Amazon, eBay, Jet.com, Newegg, Sears and Walmart, search engines and comparison shopping Websites, such as Google, Microsoft’s Bing and Nextag, and social channels, such as Facebook, Instagram and Pinterest. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on ChannelAdvisor Corp (ECOM) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for ChannelAdvisor Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ChannelAdvisor Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Botulism Botulism Blog Campylobacter About CampylobacterCampylobacter Blog E. coli About E. coliAbout Hemolytic Uremic SyndromeE. coli BlogE. coli Lawsuits & Litigation Hepatitis A About Hepatitis AHepatitis A BlogHepatitis A Lawsuits & Litigation Listeria About ListeriaListeria Blog Norovirus About Norovirus Salmonella About SalmonellaSalmonella BlogSalmonella Lawsuits & Litigation Shigella About ShigellaShigella Blog Complications of Foodborne Illness Guillain-Barre SyndromeHemolytic Uremic SyndromeIrritable Bowel SyndromeReactive Arthritis General Foodborne Illness Information Foodborneillness.comOutbreak Database See Also Bill Marler's BlogFair SafetyFood Safety NewsGoogle+Marler ClarkReal Raw Milk Facts Phone: 1-866-770-2032 Email Bill Marler Subscribe to Food Poison Journal Follow Bill Marler on Twitter Food Poisoning Resources Food Poison Journal Food Poisoning Outbreaks and Litigation: Surveillance and Analysis Home About About the Authors Services Topics Food Poisoning Resources Food Poisoning Information Food Poisoning Watch Foodborne Illness Outbreaks Food Policy & Regulation Food Recall Archives Contact Presented By Marler Clark The nation’s foremost law firm with a practice dedicated to representing victims of foodborne illness Home > Foodborne Illness Outbreaks > Rojo Mexican Bistro Linked to Salmonella Saintpaul Outbreak in Michigan Rojo Mexican Bistro Linked to Salmonella Saintpaul Outbreak in Michigan Posted By Bill Marler on June 3, 2017 The Rojo Mexican Bistro on Main Street in Rochester has been closed temporarily while Oakland County health inspectors investigate the spread of a rare form of Salmonella. The Oakland County Health Division is investigating 15 cases of Salmonella saintpaul, a specific strain of Salmonella. Cases have also been identified in other Michigan counties, as well as Ohio and Illinois. “The ongoing investigation suggests that the Salmonella is being spread through personal contact,” said Dr. Pamela Hackert, chief of medical services at the Health Division. “Residents are reminded to wash their hands thoroughly before every meal and after using the restroom.” Salmonella is a bacteria that gets into the intestines and causes illness. Most persons infected develop diarrhea, fever, and abdominal cramps 12-72 hours after infection. The illness usually lasts 4-7 days, and most people recover without treatment. Infants, elderly persons, and those with impaired immune systems are at a higher risk of developing severe illness. To reduce the risk of contracting Salmonella: Hand washing is essential and one of the most effective ways to prevent the spread of infection. Wash hands thoroughly, especially after using the bathroom, changing diapers, and before preparing and eating food. Rub hands vigorously with soap and warm running water for at least 20 seconds. Wash hands with soap after handling reptiles, birds, or baby chicks, and after contact with pet feces. Clean and disinfect all surface areas if someone in the household or workplace has symptoms, especially areas such as toilets, sinks, trashcans, doorknobs and faucet handles. Do not prepare food if you have symptoms and refrain from food preparation for at least three days after symptoms have ended, or two weeks after onset of clinical symptoms, whichever is longer. Salmonella:  Marler Clark, The Food Safety Law Firm, is the nation’s leading law firm representing victims of Salmonella outbreaks. The Salmonella lawyers of Marler Clark have represented thousands of victims of Salmonella and other foodborne illness outbreaks and have recovered over $600 million for clients.  Marler Clark is the only law firm in the nation with a practice focused exclusively on foodborne illness litigation.  Our Salmonella lawyers have litigated Salmonella cases stemming from outbreaks traced to a variety of foods, such as cantaloupe, tomatoes, ground turkey, salami, sprouts, cereal, peanut butter, and food served in restaurants.  The law firm has brought Salmonella lawsuits against such companies as Cargill, ConAgra, Peanut Corporation of America, Sheetz, Taco Bell, Subway and Wal-Mart. If you or a family member became ill with a Salmonella infection, including Reactive Arthritis or Irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), after consuming food and you’re interested in pursuing a legal claim, contact the Marler Clark Salmonella attorneys for a free case evaluation. Tags: Salmonella Attorney, Salmonella Lawyer Print Like Tweet LinkedIn Email Subscribe to Food Poison Journal Common Foodborne Pathogens Botulism Campylobacter E. coli Hepatitis A Listeria Norovirus Salmonella Shigella See MoreFewer Clostridium Perfringens Cronobacter sakazakii Cryptosporidium MRSA Article Spotlight Food Poison Journal Authors Drew Falkenstein Attorney Drew Falkenstein received his Bachelor of Arts degree in political science from the University of Washington in 1999 and his Juris Doctor degree in 2002 from Seattle University School of Law, where he graduated with honors. READ MORE Bill Marler Attorney Bill Marler is an accomplished personal injury lawyer and national expert on foodborne illness litigation. He began representing victims of food-borne illness in 1993, when he represented the most severely injured survivor of the Jack in the Box E. coli outbreak. Read More Bruce Clark Attorney In 1993, Bruce Clark became involved in foodborne illness litigation as an attorney for Jack in the Box restaurants in its E. coli O157:H7 personal injury litigation. The Jack in the Box litigation spanned more than four years and involved more than 100 lawsuits in four states. READ MORE Patti Waller Epidemiologist Patti Waller joined Marler Clark law firm in 2003 after working for twelve years in the Communicable Disease Program at the Washington State Department of Health. At the health department, Patti investigated food and water borne illnesses and outbreaks. READ MORE Common Foodborne Pathogens Botulism Campylobacter E. coli Hepatitis A Listeria Norovirus Salmonella Shigella See MoreFewer Clostridium Perfringens Cronobacter sakazakii Cryptosporidium MRSA Food Poison Journal Archives Services About the Authors About Home Marler Clark The Food Safety Law Firm 1012 First Avenue, Fifth Floor Seattle WA 98104-1008 1-866-770-2032 OFFICE HOURS: M-F, 8:30 am - 5:00 pm, Pacific Salmonella About SalmonellaSalmonella BlogSalmonella Lawsuits & Litigation Shigella About ShigellaShigella Blog Complications of Foodborne Illness Guillain-Barre SyndromeHemolytic Uremic SyndromeIrritable Bowel SyndromeReactive Arthritis General Foodborne Illness Information Foodborneillness.comOutbreak Database See Also Bill Marler's BlogFair SafetyFood Safety NewsGoogle+Marler ClarkReal Raw Milk Facts Botulism Botulism Blog Campylobacter About CampylobacterCampylobacter Blog E. coli About E. coliAbout Hemolytic Uremic SyndromeE. coli BlogE. coli Lawsuits & Litigation Hepatitis A About Hepatitis AHepatitis A BlogHepatitis A Lawsuits & Litigation Listeria About ListeriaListeria Blog Norovirus About Norovirus Copyright © 2017, Marler Clark, LLP. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Disclaimer Design & Support By Lexblog
The Hollywood Reporter Movies TV Business Style Politics Tech Culture Awards Video Sites Heat Vision Live Feed Esq The Race Behind the Screen Bastard Machine Rambling Reporter The Fien Print Subscribe Newsletters Site Tools Login Daily Edition TV Reviews Forecast Live Feed Roundtables Emmys Mr. Robot Premieres 100 Favorite TV Shows Trevor Noah, Jimmy Kimmel Tweak Trump for Rose Garden Setting for Paris Agreement Announcement 7:39 AM PDT 6/2/2017 by Lorena O'Neil FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Courtesy of The Daily Show with Trevor Noah "Telling nature to go f— itself while standing in a garden is a pretty gangster move," said Noah. Trevor Noah and Jimmy Kimmel both criticized Donald Trump for his decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement. "I don’t know what’s worse, the fact that Donald Trump may have doomed the planet or the fact that he announced it like it’s an episode of The Bachelorette," said Trevor Noah. He impersonated Trump saying, "Earth, we had a great time in the hot tub, but I’ve got to give a rose to coal." “We all joke about him destroying the world, but this could be it," Noah said. "And can I just say, telling nature to go f— itself while standing in a garden is a pretty gangster move, I’m not going to lie." The Daily Show host posited that the only way Trump's announcement could have been "more messed up" is if he had a polar bear in the background, but he joked that Eric Trump would have shot the polar bear.  Noah continued to speak more seriously about Trump's decision, saying that try as he might, he can't bring back coal jobs. "It may have been big back in the day, but it’s not going to work now," he said. "It’s like Baywatch — you can’t save it.” Jimmy Kimmel also reflected on Trump's choice of location for his speech on the Paris accord. "It made sense that he did it from the Rose Garden, while we still have roses and gardens," said Kimmel. He teased Trump for delivering a message of "hope" as in "I hope this terrible prank America decided to play on itself is over soon." Kimmel showed a clip of Trump giving his speech about the Paris accord, and had a man in a devil costume stand behind him. "He does have some support," Kimmel joked, adding that he hopes when the ice caps melt, the water ruins every rug at Mar-a-Lago. "By the way, it isn’t just environmentalists who want us to remain a part of the Paris accord. Exxon Mobile lobbied for us to stay in it. Shell wanted us in it. Walmart supported it," Kimmel continued. "Because apparently these big companies ran the numbers, and it turns out if climate change destroys human life on Earth, it could be bad for business." FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Lorena O'Neil [email protected] lorenaoneil Comments comments powered by Disqus The Hollywood Reporter © 2017 The Hollywood Reporter All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Sitemap | About Our Ads About Us Login Daily Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Back Issues Advertising Contact Us Careers Industry Jobs Follow Us On Twitter Find Us On Facebook Watch Us On Youtube Our affiliate publications Billboard Vibe Spin Stereogum Death and Taxes
Times Review Our Sites Suffolk Times Riverhead News-Review Shelter Island Reporter northforker Find A Pro Subscriptions New Print Subscription New E-Paper Subscription 99¢ E-Paper Trial Subscription Renew/Manage Subscription E-Paper Login Suffolk Times Riverhead News Review Shelter Island Reporter northforker Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter RSS Feed Write the Editor Send Us a Tip Advertise Classifieds Contact TR Digital News Government Police Education Sports Opinion Community Obituaries Events Eat & Drink Real Estate Stay & Play Shop Menu News Government Police Education Sports Opinion Community Obituaries Events Eat & Drink Real Estate Stay & Play Shop Write the Editor Send Us a Tip Advertise Classifieds Contact TR Digital Featured Story 06/03/17 5:30am Riverhead Blotter: Woman faces felony charge for separate thefts by Riverhead News-Review | 06/03/2017 5:30 AM | No Comments Tweet A Riverhead woman accused of stealing merchandise from two Tanger Outlet stores in Riverhead was nabbed on felony charges last Wednesday, according to a Riverhead Town police report. Alexis Fields, 41, was arrested at police headquarters around 11 a.m. on numerous charges stemming from two separate thefts, the report states. Police said Ms. Fields took items from Epic Jeans at Tanger Outlets on Christmas Eve and Famous Footwear on Nov. 13. She was charged with third-degree robbery and third-degree burglary, both felonies, in connection with the Epic Jeans theft, police said. She was also charged with misdemeanor petit larceny for stealing merchandise at Famous Footwear, officials said. • A Mastic man was arrested on a felony drug possession charge around 4 a.m. Sunday after police conducting a checkpoint spotted him leaving the scene of an accident on Edwards Avenue, the report states. Thomas Celeste, 49, was charged with fifth-degree criminal possession of a controlled substance, a felony, leaving the scene of an accident, driving while ability impaired by drugs and seventh-degree criminal possession of a controlled substance, police said. • A Ridge man was arrested on a drunken-driving charge last Thursday after police found his white pickup truck had rolled over on Sound Avenue near Edwards Avenue, the report states. Police found the driver, Patrick Dorrien, 44, on Sound Avenue west of Warner Drive, officials said. He was taken to Peconic Bay Medical Center for treatment and later charged with driving while intoxicated, police said. • Reyes Rubio, 51, of Riverhead was arrested Saturday during a checkpoint and charged with DWI, police said. • Karin Reilly, 21, of Brookhaven was arrested Saturday during a checkpoint and charged with DWI, officials said. • Olaviano Agosto Ramirez was arrested around 4:10 a.m. Monday on Sound Avenue in Baiting Hollow and charged with DWI, police said. • Kathleen Devlin, 52, of Mastic was arrested on a petit larceny charge Friday at Walmart in Riverhead, police said. • Lawrence Conner, 25, of Laurel was arrested on a petit larceny charge around 1:30 p.m. last Tuesday at TJ Maxx in Riverhead, police said. • Brianna Hughes was arrested on a petit larceny charge around 4:10 p.m. last Tuesday at TJ Maxx in Riverhead, officials said. Those who are named in police reports have not been convicted of any crime or violation. The charges against them may later be reduced or withdrawn, or they may be found innocent. Comments comments Riverhead blotter, Riverhead Police Find a Pro See More home improvement Atlantis Home Builders Southold 1065 Hummel Avenue heating ventilating and air conditioning Peconic Propane Calverton 3947 Middle Country Rd landscaping and gardeners Blue Water Irrigation Greenport PO Box 147 kitchens Ron Morizzo Kitchen & Baths Cutchogue 22355 Route 48 Next Post > Boys Lacrosse: SWR falls 16-7 against defending champs Cold Spring Harbor < Previous Post Column: Meet Valerie Smith, candidate and ‘pioneer’ Similiar Articles Southampton Blotter: Flanders man arrested on felony weapon charge by Riverhead News-Review 06/04/17 5:24am No Comments A Flanders man was arrested on a felony charge last Thursday after threatening someone at his home with an air… Read More Chipotle in Riverhead among those hacked in nationwide security breach by Tim Gannon 06/04/17 5:24am No Comments Chipotle Mexican Grill has confirmed its Riverhead location was among those affected by a security breach that occurred a between March 27… Read More Cops: Man charged with felony after stealing clothes at Tanger Outlets by Riverhead News-Review 06/04/17 5:21am No Comments An East Elmhurst man was arrested Saturday on a felony charge after he was caught stealing merchandise from Tanger Outlets, according… Read More Load More Articles Back To Top Recent Posts Southampton Blotter: Flanders man arrested on felony weapon charge 06/04/2017 5:24 AM Chipotle in Riverhead among those hacked in nationwide security breach 06/04/2017 5:24 AM Cops: Man charged with felony after stealing clothes at Tanger… 06/04/2017 5:21 AM Riverhead Blotter: Woman faces felony charge for separate thefts 06/03/2017 5:30 AM Cops: Calverton homeowner turns himself in after shooting burglar 06/02/2017 4:38 PM Town considers payment in lieu of parking fee for downtown… 06/02/2017 12:03 PM Working with his hands and the earth at Giles Nursery 06/02/2017 6:00 AM Plans for Sonic restaurant in Riverhead on hold for now 06/01/2017 2:00 PM Police: Car thieves found at gas station in Riverhead 06/01/2017 5:59 AM Cops: Connection eyed in Calverton burglary and shooting 05/31/2017 7:00 PM Gala Fresh Farms hosts international food tasting to large turnout 05/31/2017 3:19 PM Road work on Riverside traffic circle project to begin this… 05/30/2017 5:59 PM Birch & Main boutique store opens at The Shoppes at… 05/30/2017 2:00 PM Riverhead plans to hire full-time code enforcement officer 05/29/2017 6:02 AM Southampton Blotter: Hauppauge man caught driving without interlock device 05/28/2017 12:00 PM Cops: Increased enforcement for DWI results in multiple arrests 05/28/2017 7:56 AM Riverhead seeks to become ‘Clean Energy Community’ 05/28/2017 6:03 AM Riverhead Blotter: Woman charged with grand larceny for stealing handbag 05/27/2017 6:02 AM Riverhead to try again for revitalization grant, this time with… 05/26/2017 12:58 PM Photos: Rotary Uncorked fundraiser at Martha Clara Vineyards 05/25/2017 4:31 PM Riverhead Newsletter Sign Up Sign up for the Newsletter. northforker ABC 7 visits the North Fork, cool candles and repurposed sculptures at Giles Nursery: Week in Review North Fork One Minute on the North Fork: Hallockville Museum Farm One minute on the North Fork Love Lane First Fridays kicks off for the summer: VIDEO Mattituck One signature variety or diversity? Discuss: Uncork the Forks Drink Recent Facebook Posts Editorial: What's in a name? We will wait and see “Welcome to ‘Next Generation Learning Standards.’ It doesn’t roll off the tongue quite like Common Core, and doesn’t fit on a posterboard.. 0 likes, 0 comments ⋅ 12 hours ago Southampton Blotter: Flanders man arrested on felony weapon charge This week’s Southampton police blotter. 1 likes, 0 comments ⋅ 15 hours ago Chipotle in Riverhead among those hacked in nationwide security breach Did you make any purchases at Chipotle in Riverhead between March 27 and April 18? 7 likes, 14 comments ⋅ 18 hours ago Cops: Man charged with felony after stealing clothes at Tanger Outlets | Riverhead News Review He was charged with fourth-degree grand larceny, police said 7 likes, 2 comments ⋅ 18 hours ago Boys Lacrosse: SWR falls 16-7 against defending champs Cold Spring Harbor | Riverhead News Review “I’m still proud of all my guys; they’re like brothers to me,” Chris Gray said. “Obviously, it’s not how we wanted to end it, but we did.. 26 likes, 1 comments ⋅ 1 day ago Find us on Facebook Riverhead News Review Suffolk Times Riverhead News-Review Shelter Island Reporter northforker Topics News Government Police Education Sports Opinion Community Obituaries northforker Events Eat & Drink Real Estate Stay & Play Shop More Classifieds About Us Write the Editor Advertise with Us Send Us a Tip Contact 2017 © Times/Review All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Menu Local News Obituaries Opinion Classifieds Back to Local News Projects moving forward in Beloit June 02, 2017 at 4:00 pm | By AUSTIN MONTGOMERY Staff writer Print Article BELOIT - As the weather warms up, so to are Beloit's development projects. From the Powerhouse project to the new YMCA, along with restaurants to hotels, work on multiple projects are underway in Beloit. On Thursday, the Beloit Daily News sat down with Planning and Building Services Director Drew Pennington to check in on ongoing projects. As of June 1, 329 permits worth $5.9 million in construction value have been applied for and issued by the city. .Beloit College's Powerhouse project Beloit College's $38 million project to revamp the former Alliant Energy plant on Riverside Boulevard is set to start work this month. The project hopes to turn the facility into a sustainable, student union and recreation center. The project, once finished, also will host community events. Officials speculated a weekday farmers market or live entertainment events could pop up at the space. All funds for the project were privately raised, including grants and tax credits, with no tuition dollars going toward the project. The city will contribute $1.51 million for its 800-foot riverwalk behind the future campus center. The city will seek bids for the riverwalk and work is scheduled to begin in 2018. • Stateline YMCA The massive project to revamp a large portion of the former Beloit Corporation structure along Beloit's riverfront in the Ironworks complex has run into multiple construction delays, most of which were unanticipated, officials said. The project is on track for an August opening, with work at the facility happening nearly around the clock. Rough framing work was recently completed, along with concrete and masonry being finished in April. The expansive overhaul was originally slated to open in the spring, but was pushed back by site preparation work and logistical slowdowns. Slowdowns in construction stemmed from pool excavation, which uncovered old foundations buried 35 feet underground, and was 17 feet deep. Additional pool supports will be added to combat adverse soil conditions. Planners added more than 1,800-feet of concrete beams to stabilize the structure. The project was also stymied by warmer winter weather, with water levels higher than average at the site. The $11 million facility will offer a water park with slides, a separate lap pool, a full day care center, four new multipurpose rooms, an indoor track and a fitness center three times the size of the one at the YMCA's current facility. Beloit's current YMCA serves around 16,000 individuals, and officials are hoping for a 20 percent increase in membership totals. .Holiday Inn Express Approved last year, developers of KDN Hospitality netted a conditional use zoning permit to pave the way for construction of the six-story, 124-room hotel at 3022 Ford Street. Developers recently submitted site plans with the city at the end of May, and could break ground on the project this summer. KDN associates seek to parcel the site to allow future development, possibly including a restaurant to accompany the hotel. A controversial Wisconsin Department of Transportation plan to build a storage facility near the hotel has drawn pushback from developers, but officials said Thursday WisDOT is possibly looking at locating the facility closer to the Hart Road intersection, along the WisDOT-owned right-of-way along Interstate 43. • G-5 Microbrewing Company's Gateway Brewery A plan to bring a brewery to Beloit's Gateway Boulevard has been underway since last year, and is slowly moving forward. In February, the city approved a rezoning request to allow light manufacturing for the brewery's needs. Site plans for the impending brewpub have yet to be submitted to the city. Additional land acquisition in the area is also slowing down the project, with no anticipated timeline available as of Thursday. The Gateway Brewery will feature a 10-barrel brewing system, up to 10 regular and seasonal brews and aims to grow by 10,000 barrels produced annually. The brewery could to miss its previously speculated open date of November with no site plans being submitted or approved. • Dunkin Donuts and Firehouse Subs A plan to bring a Dunkin Donuts back to Beloit was announced in February, and is expected to open around the end of this summer. The breakfast shop will open in the space formerly occupied by Asia Buffet at the eastern end of the small shopping center on Milwaukee Road near Walmart. A Firehouse Subs is also set to relocate to the shopping center, and will open in August. Officials said renovations to the center could take between two and three months. .Other developments Up to 160 storage units and two duplex units are going up on a property on Madison Road; The foundation work of a new, 26-bed assisted living facility on Cranston Road was recently completed; a spice making and sausage case is set to be added to Piggly Wiggly; Tilley's Pizza House is adding more storage space, up to three new buildings with upwards of 200 units, will be added to Hawk's Ridge apartment complex in the Gateway. Print Article Share Now Read More Local News School investigations continue; secrecy maintained June 02, 2017 at 4:00 pm | BELOIT - The School District of Beloit continues to withhold all information about two investigations into complaints involving district matters and officials. The issues have been discussed in clos... Comments Read More Projects moving forward in Beloit June 02, 2017 at 4:00 pm | BELOIT - As the weather warms up, so to are Beloit's development projects. From the Powerhouse project to the new YMCA, along with restaurants to hotels, work on multiple projects are underway in B... Comments Read More NAACP to focus on jailing statistics June 02, 2017 at 4:00 pm | BELOIT - With Wisconsin's inmate population expected to hold a record number of individuals by 2019, Beloit's NAACP chapter wants to raise awareness about the disproportionate incarceration of minori... Comments Read More (No heading) June 02, 2017 at 4:00 pm | SHIRLAND - Mark and Jennifer Meyers have adopted another family member, and this time it has fur. Shortly before the couple finalized their adoption of three siblings on April 12, they added Dawn th... Comments Read More Contact Us (608) 365-8811 149 State Street Beloit, WI 53511 ©2017 Beloit Daily News Terms of Use Privacy Policy X Beloit Daily News Home News Back All News Local News News Now Illinois News Wisconsin News National & World News Business Sports Back All Sports Regional Sports Sports News Sports Blog College Football Pro Football NCAA Basketball News Football Fever NASCAR Challenge Community Back All Community Health News Living Religion News Headliner Award Nomination Records Back All Records Wisconsin Public Notices Obituaries Death Notices Announcements Opinion Back All Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Columnists Submit a Letter Classifieds Back All Classifieds Announcements Jobs Miscellaneous Pets & Animals Real Estate Rentals Services Transportation Submit a Classified Ad Services Back All Services Print Ads Rate Cards Newspapers In Education Office Furniture Yearbook Questionnaire Form Contact Us Online Forms Marketplace Publications Back All Publications Stateline Business Journal
